[[PAGE 1]]
Annual Report
FY 2024-25
www.voepl.com
[[PAGE 2]]
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Sukrit Bharati 
Chairman & Managing Director
Vishrut Bharati 
Non-Executive Director
BANKERS
Axis Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Limited
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
Union Bank of India Limited
REGISTRAR & SHARE
TRANSFER AGENT
 
NAME OF THE STOCK
EXCHANGE
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
 
Prasad Zinjurde
Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
Ziral Soni
Independent Director
Drashti Solanki
Independent Director
Ila S Bhat
Independent Director
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Plot. No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik –
422007 
Tel:+91 253-2309016
Email: info@voepl.com 
Website: www.voepl.com 
CIN: L74999MH2015PLC268355
Prachi Bansal & Associates,
Company Secretaries
Cameo Corporate Services Limited
Subramanian Building No.1,
ClubHouse Road, Chennai-600002 
Email: investor@cameoindia.com, 
Tel: 44-28460390
BSE LIMITED – SME PLATFORM Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal
Street, Mumbai – 400001
Script Code: 543597.
REGISTERED OFFICE
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer 
Corporate
Information
About the Company
Brief Profile of the Managing Director of the Company 
Chairman’s Message to Shareholders
Directors Report
Annexures to Directors Report 
Management Discussion and Analysis
Corporate Governance Report
Independent Auditor’s Report on
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report on
Standalone Financial Statements
Standalone Financial Statements
139
158
Table Of
Contents
107
91
69
64
51
38
37
07
03
[[PAGE 3]]
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The
 Messages Of This
5
Annual Report
 
Make In India
and VOEPL
 
The efforts of the government for “Make in India” have been instrumental in several
products, which until now were imported in full or part from other countries,
togradually move towards increasing indigenization of manufacturing of these
products in India. 
This coupled with the sharp growth in demand led by increased consumption in
India has created multiple opportunities in the market to produce products locally. 
VOEPL amongst many others in India, is working towards capitalizing on these
opportunities to develop manufacturing capabilities and ecosystems, with the long
term objective of not only servicing the requirements of the local market, but also to
establish ourselves as a strong manufacturing base for the world in the years and
decades to come. Manufacturing requires heavy investments and spend on
development to ensure products are made of the required quality and in line with
the price targets of the international competition, which was always a hurdle. 
But with government through attractive Production Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes
and other State Subsidy Schemes, has provided the much required impetus to the
industry. VOEPL started its journey almost a decade ago with a small investment in
EMS, but keeping in line with its goal of aligning its overall strategies with that of the
nation has empowered it to grow from EMS to lighting to home appliances like air
conditioner (IDU & ODU) and now even beyond to categories like commercial
refrigeration. 
VOEPL is also working on developing its International footprint with target exports to
certain regions of the world. At VOEPL we believe in the vision and potential of our
country and VOEPL as a company with always strive towards contributing to the best
of its abilities to this shared vision of INDIA. 
1. The success of VOEPL in the last few years, in-spite of growing
competition, is due to our continuous commitment to product quality
and customer satisfaction. 
2. VOEPL has also proactively been working towards diversifying its
product lines and target market segments. This will help in sustained
growth and improvement of the overall bottom line of the company. 
3. We have expanded aggressively to meet the growing demand for our
products by our customers, as the market continuous to grow. 
4. We continue to endeavor to upgrade our manufacturing infrastructure
& capabilities with the objective of providing better and more reliable
solutions. 
5.We are grateful for the strong support from all our partners specially our
investors who have put their faith in us and we intend to continue
growing together on this journey. 
01 02
[[PAGE 4]]
Head Office at Nashik,
Maharashtra, India
Blue-Chip Customer Base
9 Manufacturing facilities 
Strong Backward Integrated in
Manufacturing
Key OEM/ODM of Consumer and
Industrial Goods
9
03
About VOEPL Group
 
Our
Vision
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) was incorporated in 2015 at
Nashik, India. Initially focusing onelectronic manufacturing (EMS), the
company has grown significantly over the years, with the support of its
customers, team, and partners. Overthe years, VOEPL has emerged as a
prominent OEM/ODM in the manufacturing industry, specializing in EMS,
lighting industry, white goods segment (especially air conditioners) and
working its way to add commercial refrigeration to its portfolio.
The community supporting VOEPL, including shareholders, customers,
consumers, employees, vendors and service providers, are of paramount
importance and value to us. We strive to act as a catalyst in nurturing our
community, continuously working to make it a better place for everyone. Our
ultimate goal is to foster a happy, supportive and sustainable community of
exceptional individuals.
We firmly believe that the success of our customers is our own success. We are
committed to taking all the necessary steps, including implementing quality
measures, process improvements, and ensuring quantity fulfillment, to
produce products that delight our end consumers. Our goal is to enhance the
brand value and market proposition of our customers.
Vibrant Community
04
We are a growing vibrant
community that aims to
delight consumer and
clients by innovating and
manufacturing amazing
consumer products.
Customer Success
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025

[[PAGE 5]]
05 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 
VO
EPL
Design  Manufacture  Delight
06
Our Commitments
 Process | Quality | Service
[[PAGE 6]]
 
Sukrit Bharati
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR
A focused and motivated
entrepreneur with the
vision of creating a
strong manufacturing
ecosystem and
sustainable organisation. 
“
Sukrit Bharati, Chairman & Managing Director, has 13+ years of experience in
manfuacturing and operations. He has a graduate degree in Engineering Technology
from BITS Pilani. As a part of continuous learning he has done multiple diploma &
certification courses in various subjects from Harvard Business School (HBS) and
NMIMS, Mumbai. Further, he completed a year long certification course by Stanford
Graduate School of Business under their Seed Tranformation Program - Stanford
Seed. This program is for established founders and CEOs in emerging economies
focused on growing their businesses and increasing the positive impact they have in
their communities.
He is passionate about manufacturing and organisational development. He is focused
on ensuring sustainable growth of the company by improvement in customer
satisfaction, addition of new product verticals, expanding into new customer segments
& geographies and team development. 
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 0807
Brief Profile of the Managing
Director of the Company Directors
Mr. Abhinav
 
Ms. Ziral Soni
 
Mr. Vishrut Bharati
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. Ziral Soni, an Independent
Director. She has 7 years of
experience in the field of legal
and compliance.
Mr. Vishrut Bharati, Non-
Executive Director. He has more
than 10 years of experience in the
line of business of the Company
and across multiple industries
including Retail, Health and
Manufacturing sectors. 
Ms. Drashti Solanki
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Ms. Drashti Solanki, an
Independent Director of
company, with 9 years of
experience in the field of
legal and compliance. 
Mr. Abhinav, Executive Director,
has more than 13 years of
experience of working as a CEO,
Co-founder, COO, Business
Analytics Associates.
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Ms. Ila S Bhat
Ms. Ila S Bhat, an Independent
Director of Company, 10 years of
experience in tech at Cisco and
IMImobile (acquired by Cisco in
2020). She was a World Governance
Expedition delegate to Israel in 2019
and a StrartingBloc fellow (held in
Washington DC) in 2017. 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
[[PAGE 7]]
09 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
10
Core Team
Sajid Shaikh
 
Nitin Shewale
 
Prasad Zinjurde
 
K Ramesh
SR.GM-PROJECTS & CAPITAL PURCHASE
Mechanical Engineer with over 24
years of experience. Worked with
mutiple multnationals across
departments & areas.
Kedar Aphale 
 
CHIEF FINANCIAL  OFFICER (CFO) 
MBA with over 28 years of
experience across banking &
finance sector. Strong
experience in financial
modelling, debt financing,
networking and fund raising.
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER (COO)
A veteran of the consumer
durables industry with more
than 33 years of experience, has
worked with leading appliance
manufacturing companies at
senior management levels.
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER
SR.GM- BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
A Qualified Company Secretary
with diversed experience across
multiple areas in corporate law &
secretarial compliances.
Mechanical Engineer with over
30 years of experience in core AC
manufacturing industry. Worked
nationally and internationally
with multiple industry leaders. 
Vijayanand Ramanna
 SR.GM-MANUFACTURING (AC DIVISION)
Mechanical Engineer with over 30
years of experience in the core
Refrigeration manufacturing
industry. 

[[PAGE 8]]
11
A Year in Review
VOEPL achieved significant milestones in the 2024-25 fiscal year, maintaining
its rapid growth trajectory. The company diversified its business by introducing
a new product line, chest freezers, and secured partnerships with key industry
customers. This new segment is expected to drive further growth and help
achieve aggressive expansion targets.
The company also strengthened its financial position by raising an additional
₹60 Crores, representing the final amount from warrants issued in FY24.
A major highlight of the year was a technical partnership with a leading global
manufacturer of reciprocatory compressors. This gives VOEPL a significant
advantage in the Indian compressor market, which is set to experience a surge
in demand for locally manufactured products due to new quality control orders
(QCO) that are expected to take full effect within the next year. VOEPL is well-
positioned to meet this demand and become a dominant player.
Furthermore, VOEPL began construction on its eighth manufacturing facility in
Nashik. This 350,000 sq ft facility will provide the housing for additional capacity
for air conditioners, EMS, and washing machines, and is anticipated to be
operational by the end of FY25.
By focusing on both fast-paced growth and financial prudence, VOEPL
continues to enhance value for its stakeholders. The company is grateful for the
trust its stakeholders have placed in it and for the opportunities presented by
the Indian market. FY25 has solidified VOEPL's foundation for future success.
₹
12
Fiscal year 2024-25
saw a continued
growth in revenue
and profitability .
along with
addition of a new
product segment.
 
EBITDA: ₹ 606.09mn 
PAT Margin: 2.03% 
ROE: 5.75% 
ROCE: 17.19% 
Debt-Equity Ratio: 0.61
Net Worth: ₹ 2818.71mn 
EBITDA Margin: 8.63%
PAT: ₹ 141.30mn
Revenue from operations (₹ in million)
EBITDA (₹ in million) PAT (₹ in million)
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
18-19 19-20 20-21 21-22 22-23 23-24 24-25
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
18-19 19-20 20-21 21-22 22-23 23-24 24-25
0
50
100
150
200
18-19 19-20 20-21 21-22 22-23 23-24 24-25
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
[[PAGE 9]]
Setup the first
unit of Virtuoso
Polymers of
Chennai
 Commenced
production of
deep freezers 
Started
production of
controllers  for
BLDC Motors
Developed
own designs
for AC
Formation of
Virtuoso
Compressors a
step-down
subsidiary
Tie-up with
Chinese
partner for
reciprocatory
compressor
manufacturing.
Incorporation Commenced
production of
electronic
products (Unit 1).
Started production
of lighiting
products for
leading Japanese
company.
Acquired ISO
certification.
Launched
Emergenc
y Lighting
Range &
ventured
into
appliances
segment.
Estab. 40,000
SqFt. (Unit 2)
facility for IDU
(AC); started
manfacturing
for leading
Indian Brand.
UL Certification
received for Export
to USA. 
Added EMS And
LED Facility of
48,000 Sqft. &
increased IDU Unit
to 100,000 Sqft.
Added In-house
Heat Exchange &
Plastic Injection
Molding Lines.
Developed
Remote &
Electronic Parts
For Acs.
Listing on
BSE with
IPO fully
subscribed 
Set up of
(unit 6)
ODU line
Setup (Unit 3) for
copper tubing
systems 
Setup (Unit 4) for
Cross Flow Flans
and Plastic
Components.
Granted ESOPs
under "VOEPL
Employee Stock
Option Plan-2023
Acquired 51%
holding in
subsidiary YLP
Solutions Private
Limited
Setup (Unit 5) for
pressure die
casting and CNC
operation 
CSR activities
started at VOEPL
under training for
apprenticeship
program
Started new
products
Water
Dispensers
Commercial
Refrigeration 
Company has
started pilot
production for
electronics &
Controllers
for EV charger
Continuous
expansion of
inhouse AC
components
infrastructure.
Setup (Unit 7) for
deep freezers 
Formation of
second subsidiary -
Virtuoso Polymers
Private Limited for
component
business
Received credit
rating from ICRA
Limited, BBB for
Banking facilities.
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 1413
Our Milestones
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
[[PAGE 10]]
Driving
Growth
Through
Enhanced
Quality
Checks
15 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 16
[[PAGE 11]]
17
The Road Ahead
 Our core manufacturing expertise is the engine of our growth. We are actively
expanding our product lines and adding new categories, with a particular focus on
building higher-complexity capabilities within our Electronics Manufacturing Services
(EMS) segment.
Following the successful establishment of our component manufacturing facility in
Chennai, operated by our subsidiary Virtuoso Polymers Pvt. Ltd., we are now establishing
a second unit in Sanand, Gujarat. This expansion will significantly boost our production
capacity.
With this the company aims to keep growing its EMS offerings to its customers.
Controller Boards, Brass Components & Expanded Polystyrene (EPS) components is
planned and will included as another backward integration in the months to come.
Company is in process of implementing of lean tools and techniques for reducing
manufacturing cost, space management, efficient utilization of resources, inventory
management and improved process flow. Several initiatives such as strengthening of
backward integration, investments in solar project, and bolstering our supply chain for
sourcing of raw materials are in various stages of implementation. 
Additionally, we have formed a technical partnership with a major Chinese compressor
manufacturer. This collaboration will enable us to rapidly develop and launch
reciprocatory compressors, significantly accelerating our validation process and bringing
new products to market faster.
Exclusive capacity of 1,50,000 water dispensers per annum in the refrigeration
manufacturing plant
Additional EMS capacity to support the manufacturing of remote controls and
controller boards for BLDC motors  
Thermo for refrigeration
Foaming
Aluminum pressure die casting
A component manufacturing unit has been commissioned near Chennai in Tamil
Nadu to produce EPS components of air conditioners under the banner of Viruoso
Polymers Private Limited, a step-down subsidiary of VOEPL
 A new manufacturing facility has been commissioned for refrigeration products,
this is a state of the art 2,50,000 sq ft facility that has come up near Ozar Airport in
Nashik
An additional space of 3,50,000 sq ft is under construction at the same site which
will act as extension of this facility and will help house the machinery needed for the
capacity expansions in various segments.
During the year Company has added two new
manufacturing units in Nashik :
The backward integration has been enhanced with
the following processes taken in house
Enhancement of capacities in the existing manufacturing
units of VOEPL:
Research &
Development
Market
Development
R&D Expansion: Enhancing
R&D capabilities to
accelerate new product
development
Backward Integration & Value
Addition Investing in
machinery to boost backward
integration efforts.
Implementing advanced
technologies to lower costs and
developing an in- house tool
room to better meet customer
needs.
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 18
Meet customers’ aggresive
timeline requirement
[[PAGE 12]]
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 20
Air Conditioner
Compressors 
Refrigeration 
EMS
Indoor Unit (IDU) Outdoor Unit (ODU)
Water Dispenser Chest Freezer
Cob Downlight Stick Lamp
Double Colour
Down Light
Emergency LED
Lamp
Bulkhead
Flood Light
Pumpkin
Lamp
Downlighters
Street Lights
(Eco Lens Model)
19
Our Products
Controller Boards
[[PAGE 13]]
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 2221
Our Components
 
Cross Flow Fan
Aluminium PressureDieCasting
Remotes
Copper Tubing Systems Wire Harnesses
Sheet Metal Parts
Plastic Injection Moulding
Lamp Housing
Controller Boards
[[PAGE 14]]
Nurturing a strong family
of ambitious professionals
23 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 24
[[PAGE 15]]
5
3
1
6
4
2
We are continuously working towards developing a diverse product portfolio and
improving specialisation in high-volume, large - scale production of consumer &
industrial products, with maximum backward intengration to make us
competitive in the market both at national and internalnational levels.
 
Water Dispensers: Developed and started commercial production. Export
order dispatches have begun. 
Commercial Refrigeration: Prototypes for the first models are ready. 
New manufacturing unit expected to be operational in H2FY26. 
EMS - Controller boards for appliances being developed in-house. Controllers
for BLDC motors are know have been manufactured for customers.
Continuous 
Backward Integration: Established a new aluminum die casting unit and
added injecion blow moulding capabilites to enhance backward integration
for LED lighting and other products. Initiated in-house brass components
manufacturing, set to expand AC components infrastructure by H2FY25.
At VOEPL, we believe there is tremendous potential & need in the market for
development of strong manufacturing bases, both from our countries stand point
and also for the development of society.
We at VOEPL want to give our best efforts and contribute towards achieving this
goal for the country and the community.
 
Continuous value creation for stakeholders
Improvement in asset turnover ratio & ROCE
Maintaining a healthy debt equity ratio
Improvement of overall PAT of the company.
 
Backward integration for components
Increase in EMS capacities & also manufacturing capacities for Air
Conditioners both IDU & ODU.
 
Strengthening of ODM capabilities for Consumer, Industrial Goods &
Electronic Products
Upgrading our testing labs with national / international accreditations
Continuous strengthening of the R&D team 
 
Generated employment opportunities
Continuous engagement with customer and stakeholder
 
Skill development through various training programs
Ensuring safety and well-being of employees & their families
 
Upgraded EMS lines for compliance with RoHS guidelines for reduction of
use of materials with heavy metals
Usage of energy efficient devices and reducing consumption by optimizing
usage
Installed 1MW Solar Roof top project to generate reneuable energy and save
cost
This Annual Report provides a cohesive view of our performance and ability to create value
consistently through six capitals.
Over the year VOEPL has improved its fundamentals in key areas such as:
“Our core values are
professionalism, good
corporate governance,
customer first and
quality focus”.
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Our Pillars
Natural Capital
Intellectual Capital
Manufacturing Capital
Human Capital
Financial Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
25 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED 26
Company is a preferred vendor in the western region as an OEM/ODM. Also, it is in
close proximity to the port which keeps its logistics costs for exports low.
Company has received ₹ 100 Crore sanction towards backward integration of
White Goods (Air-Conditioners) under PLI scheme.  
Company is maximizing its backward integration to provide maximum value
addition to its customers.

[[PAGE 16]]
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 2827
Industry Overview
Air Conditioners
 Commercial Refrigeration.
Washing Machines
The air conditioner (AC) market is experiencing significant growth, driven by rising
temperatures and a growing desire for comfort, making ACs a necessity rather than a luxury.
Market Drivers: Extreme weather conditions, rapid urbanization, rising disposable incomes,
and a growing middle class are the primary drivers. The expansion of residential and
commercial construction projects, particularly in Tier-II cities, is also boosting demand.
Market Trends: There is a strong focus on energy efficiency, with inverter technology
becoming a popular choice for its power-saving capabilities. Consumers are increasingly
looking for smart ACs that can be controlled remotely via smartphones. The market is also
seeing a shift toward more eco-friendly refrigerants. Split ACs dominate the market due to
their energy efficiency and quiet operation.
Market Size and Growth
The market is on a robust growth trajectory. In 2024, the market was valued at approximately
$2.70 billion and is projected to reach $3.80 billion by 2033, exhibiting a Compound Annual
Growth Rate (CAGR) of around 3.30% during the forecast period. Other reports indicate an even
higher CAGR of 6.4% from 2025 to 2033, with the market expected to reach over $3.8 billion by
2033. This growth is fueled by increasing demand across various sectors, including food service,
pharmaceuticals, and organized retail.
The Indian consumer appliances market is a dynamic and rapidly growing sector, driven by a
confluence of demographic, economic, and technological factors. With a large and youthful
population, rising disposable incomes, and increasing urbanization, India presents a significant
growth opportunity for both domestic and international brands. The market is projected to
grow robustly, with estimates placing the overall appliances and electronics market to nearly
double from approximately $75 billion in 2024 to $130-$150 billion by 2029, a robust CAGR of 12-
15%.
Washing machines are becoming an essential household appliance, especially in urban areas
with a growing number of working women and nuclear families.
Market Drivers: A busy, time-constrained lifestyle, rapid urbanization, and an increase in
online shopping platforms are fueling the demand. The expansion into Tier-II and Tier-III
cities and rural areas is also a major growth factor, with a preference for affordable, practical
models.
Market Trends: The market is witnessing a clear shift from semi-automatic to fully-
automatic washing machines, particularly in urban centers, due to their convenience and
efficiency. Top-load machines continue to dominate the market by revenue share, but front-
load machines are gaining traction due to their energy and water efficiency. Consumers are
also increasingly interested in smart, connected machines with IoT capabilities.
Key Market Drivers and Trends
Growing Food and Beverage (F&B) Industry: The expansion of the F&B industry, including
quick-service restaurants (QSRs), cafes, cloud kitchens, and specialty shops, is a major
catalyst. These establishments require reliable cold storage units to preserve ingredients,
ready-to-serve meals, and beverages.
Expansion of Organized Retail: The proliferation of supermarkets, hypermarkets, and
convenience stores, particularly in urban and suburban areas, is boosting the demand for
modern refrigeration technology. These retail channels need efficient systems to store
perishable goods like dairy, fresh produce, and frozen products.
Rise in Cold Chain Logistics: The development of a robust cold chain infrastructure, with
more refrigerated trucks and storage depots, is crucial for minimizing food wastage and
ensuring the safe transport of perishable goods. This, in turn, drives the demand for
commercial refrigeration systems.
Shifting Consumer Preferences: A growing urban population and rising disposable
incomes have led to an increased demand for processed, packaged, and frozen foods. This
trend necessitates a larger number of commercial refrigeration units in both retail and
food production sectors.
Technological Innovations: The market is seeing a shift towards more advanced and
sustainable solutions. This includes the integration of IoT (Internet of Things) for remote
monitoring and efficiency, the use of energy-efficient compressors, and the adoption of
eco-friendly refrigerants to comply with stricter environmental regulations.
Government Initiatives: Schemes like "Make in India" and initiatives to boost the rural
economy are also contributing to market expansion by encouraging local production and
increasing the demand for refrigeration in rural areas, especially for dairy and fisheries.
[[PAGE 17]]
29 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 30
An Overview of the Reciprocating Compressor Market in India for
Refrigeration
The Role of Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) in the Indian Consumer Appliances
Market
1. Market Dynamics and Growth Drivers
 
The Indian refrigeration compressor market is poised for significant growth. While the overall
refrigeration market is projected to reach approximately $3.27 billion by 2033 with a CAGR of
8.80%, the reciprocating compressor segment remains a crucial and dominant part of this
landscape.
Growing Residential Demand: The residential sector is the single largest consumer of
refrigeration compressors, accounting for a substantial portion of the market's demand. This
is fueled by rising household incomes, urbanization, and the increasing perception of
refrigerators as a necessity rather than a luxury.
Expansion of the Cold Chain: The commercial and industrial segments are experiencing
robust growth, driven by the expansion of India's cold chain infrastructure. This includes an
increasing number of cold storage facilities for perishable goods, particularly in the food and
beverage industry (dairy, fruits, vegetables), as well as pharmaceuticals and other sectors that
require precise temperature control.
Technological Shift: The market is undergoing a technological transformation. While fixed-
speed compressors still hold a significant share, there is a clear trend towards more energy-
efficient models. Consumers and businesses are increasingly adopting inverter technology,
which adjusts compressor speed to match cooling demand, resulting in lower energy
consumption and reduced operational costs.
Evolving Consumer Preferences: Consumers are not only seeking energy efficiency but also
demanding smarter, quieter, and more eco-friendly products. This has led to the adoption of
new, low-Global Warming Potential (GWP) refrigerants like R-290 and R-600a, which align
with global environmental regulations.
The rapid growth and increasing sophistication of the consumer appliances market in India
are intricately linked to the rise of the Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) industry. EMS
companies provide a range of outsourced services, from design and assembly to
manufacturing and logistics, for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs).
"Make in India" and PLI Schemes: Government initiatives like "Make in India" and the
Production Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes have been instrumental in transforming India
from an import-dependent market to a manufacturing hub. These policies offer financial
incentives for local production, making it economically viable for global and domestic brands
to manufacture within the country. This has directly fueled the growth of the EMS sector, as
many OEMs are leveraging these services to meet local manufacturing requirements.
Cost Efficiency and Specialization: By partnering with EMS providers, consumer appliance
brands can significantly reduce their capital expenditure on setting up manufacturing plants
and instead focus on their core competencies, such as research and development, marketing,
and brand building. EMS companies bring specialized expertise, economies of scale, and
advanced manufacturing technologies, leading to more cost-effective and efficient
production.
Supply Chain Resilience: The global "China+1" strategy, which encourages companies to
diversify their supply chains beyond China, has positioned India as a favorable alternative. The
growing EMS ecosystem in India is attracting international brands looking for a reliable
manufacturing base to mitigate geopolitical and logistical risks.
The reciprocating compressor market in India is a critical component of the country's rapidly
expanding refrigeration industry. These compressors, often referred to as the "heart" of any
refrigeration system, are widely used in a variety of applications, from household refrigerators
to large-scale industrial cold storage facilities. The market is driven by a combination of a
growing consumer base, changing lifestyles, and significant developments in the cold chain
infrastructure.
 
2. Impact on Imports from China
China has traditionally been a major source of hermetic compressors for the Indian market,
especially for smaller capacity units used in household refrigerators and air conditioners. The
QCO has a direct and significant impact on this trade relationship:
Mandatory Certification: All hermetic compressors imported from China must now be certified
by the BIS, which requires foreign manufacturers to undergo a rigorous process, including
factory inspections and product testing. This creates a compliance barrier that was previously
non-existent.
Quality Improvement: The QCO aims to filter out low-quality, sub-standard products. It
ensures that only those compressors that meet the specified Indian safety and performance
standards can enter the market, thereby safeguarding consumers.
Encouraging Domestic Production: By making it more difficult for uncertified imports to enter
the market, the QCO provides a level playing field for domestic manufacturers. This policy
supports the "Make in India" campaign by encouraging local production and value addition.
[[PAGE 18]]
Who Drive
Progress With
Their Dedication
And
Enthusiasm
31 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025 32
[[PAGE 19]]
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED
Through our projects and partnerships, we are contributing to the
development of sustainable cities and communities, focusing on reducing
environmental impact and enhancing the quality of life for all residents.
Collaborative efforts are central to our strategy, as we engage in
partnerships with various stakeholders to drive progress toward shared
sustainable development goals, creating value for society and our business.
Our commitment to gender equality is reflected in our inclusive workplace
culture, where we actively promote diversity and equal opportunities for all
employees, ensuring that everyone has a voice and the potential to lead.
We are committed to responsible consumption and production practices,
ensuring that our operations minimize waste and environmental impact
while promoting the efficient use of resources across our value chain.
We prioritize innovation in our operations, investing in advanced
infrastructure and technologies that drive sustainable growth and enhance
our ability to serve clients effectively while reducing our environmental
footprint.
We are dedicated to fostering a work environment that supports fair wages,
safe working conditions, and opportunities for professional development,
contributing to broader economic growth and stability.
33
Sustainability Goals
One of the core drivers behind the company is to help build sustainable employment and livelihood.
The objective is to inspire & drive the society around us to grow and thrive. To give back to the
community and to empower them to uplift their lives
Hence, we continuously endeavour to leave a positive footprint and work towards building a company
that can continue to contribute towards the growth of the country & society for generations to come.
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CAPITAL INVESTMENT ON SOLAR PROJECT
FOR ENERGY GENERATION: 
Company has successfully installed 1.5 MW rooftop Solar Power generation Plant at Unit 2 at Janori,
Nashik. Rooftop Solar power Plant is a collection of solar panels installed on the roof of a Plant building
to convert sunlight into electricity. We have used high efficiency solar panels to generate maximum
electricity in the available area. The expected future benefits of the project are: 
Renewable Energy Source
Reduced dependence for energy from electricity board
Reduction in electricity charges.
Further roadmap is to enhance this 1.5 MW capacity solar plant to 3.5 MW capacity in near future and
we intend to install roof-top solar power plant for 2 more units at Nashik. These project is expected to
be complete by March, 2025.
34
[[PAGE 20]]
Leading advancements with new
technologies while growing stronger
35 VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2025 36
[[PAGE 21]]
37
Chairman’s Message to
Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present the Annual Report of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
(VOEPL) for the year 2024–25.
Since its incorporation in 2015 in Nashik, the Company has steadily grown its presence
in the manufacturing of consumer goods and electronic products. Beginning with
electronic manufacturing services, we have expanded into multiple product
categories and established ourselves as a trusted OEM/ODM partner for leading
brands. This journey has been made possible through the continued support of our
shareholders, customers, employees, and partners.
In FY25, the Company further strengthened its position through expansion in both
products and customers. The Company delivered strong revenue growth of 32% year
on year, led by higher volumes from existing businesses as well as contributions from
new additions. Our established businesses in EMS and Lighting, Air Conditioners, and
Components performed steadily, while new categories such as Washing Machines,
Refrigeration, and Compressors were added to broaden our portfolio. At the same
time, the Company deepened its relationships with existing customers and engaged
with new customers, further diversifying the base for future growth.
To support these developments, the Company raised capital through a preferential
issue. The proceeds are being deployed towards capacity expansion, strengthening
working capital, and other requirements aligned with our growth plans.
Looking ahead, our focus remains on enhancing manufacturing capabilities,
increasing backward integration, and expanding capacities to meet the evolving
requirements of our customers. We are committed to pursuing sustainable growth
while contributing meaningfully to the vision of Atmanirbhar Bharat.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders,
customers, employees, and business partners for their trust and continued support.
With your encouragement, VOEPL will continue its journey of steady and responsible
growth.
Yours Sincerely 
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED
PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK
[[PAGE 22]]
38 39VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2025
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Dear Member(s),
Your directors take immense pleasure in presenting the 10th Annual Report on the business and operations of 
your Company along with its Audited Financial Statements for the year ended on 31st March, 2025.
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
The financial statements of your Company are prepared in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) including Accounting Standards as specified in Section 133 of the Act, 
read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, and amendments thereof. The financial performance of the 
company during the year is as under:
     (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars
For the year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue From operations  69,720.07 53,108.41
Other Income  504.17 122.01
Total Income  70,224.23 53,230.42
Total Expenses  67,720.92 51,800.23
Profit/Loss before Exceptional Items and Tax  2,503.31 1,430.19
Add/(Less): Exceptional Items - -
Profit before Tax 2,503.31 1,430.19
Tax Expense 438.00 250.00
Profit after Tax 2065.31 417.46
Deferred Tax 652.27 167.45
Profit for the year 1413.04 1,012.73
There have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of your Company which 
have occurred between the end of the Financial Year of your Company to which the Financial Statements 
relate and the date of Board Report.
OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW
Your Company offers widest ranges of air conditioning, lightening products, Commercial refrigeration, EMS 
solutions. It fulfills the lightening, air-conditioning, commercial refrigeration and EMS solutions requirements 
of a large number of corporate customers. Your Company continues to operate only in one segment i.e., 
manufacturing, selling and marketing of white Goods and there is no change in the nature of Business of your 
Company.
Revenue from operations for the current financial year grew by ₹ 16611.66 lakhs to ₹ 69720.07 lakhs as 
compared to ₹ 53108.41 lakhs in the previous financial year. Net profit for the current financial year increased 
39.53% from ₹ 1413.04 lakhs as compared to ₹ 1012.73 lakhs in the last financial year. 
DIVIDEND
 
In view of the planned business growth and current fund requirements of the Company, your directors were 
of the view to preserve the resources in order to fund new growth opportunities and therefore, do not propose 
any dividend for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025.
RESERVES
The amount of profit of ₹ 1413.04 lakhs is transferred to the Reserve and Surplus Account for the year under 
review.
SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Your Company has Authorized share capital of ₹ 35,00,00,000 (divided into 3,50,00,000 equity shares of ₹ 10/- 
each). The Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up equity share capital has also been increased from Rs. 26,33,87,560 
to Rs. 29,48,87,560 pursuant to the preferential issue upon conversion of warrants for which allotment was 
done on March 01, 2025. 
As on 31st March, 2025 paid up share capital of the Company is ₹ 29,48,87,560/- (divided into 2,94,88,756 
equity shares of ₹ 10/- each).
FUNDS RAISED DURING THE YEAR
PREFERENTIAL ISSUE
Preferential issue of equity shares upon conversion of warrants was approved for fresh issue of 31,50,000 
equity shares having face value of ₹ 10/- each at a premium of ₹245.10/- per share at the Board Meeting held 
on January 11, 2024 and by the shareholders at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on February 03, 
2024 with requisite majority and your company has received the In-principal approval from BSE Limited on 
February 20, 2024. 
Your company has allotted equity shares on March 01, 2025. The Listing approval of equity share from BSE 
Limited has not been received due to increase of paid-up capital beyond Rs 25 Cr. Accordingly, the credit of 
Equity Shares from CDSL and NSDL is also pending and hence 3,150,00 Shares are not tradeable on Stock 
Exchange.
During the period under review, your Company has not bought back any of its securities / has not issued any 
Sweat Equity Shares / has not issued any Bonus Shares/ has not issued shares with Differential V oting rights 
and there has been no change in the voting rights of the shareholders.
EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN
The board of directors had proposed “VOEPL” Employee Stock Option Plan 2023. The “VOEPL” Employee 
Stock Option Plan-2023 was approved on January 30, 2023 by Board of Directors and on February 24, 2023 
by shareholders by passing Special Resolution. Board of directors has reserved 20,00,000 options under this 
plan for employees. 
[[PAGE 23]]
40 41
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
During the year under review, your company has not granted any options to employees and ESOPs grated 
were lapsed or cancelled. 
The details ESOP granted under “VOEPL Employee Stock Option Plan- 2023” (“ESOP 2023” or Scheme) are 
as provided below:
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2025 
till the date FY 25 FY 24 FY 23
Total options outstanding 
as at the beginning of the 
period
20,00,000 20,00,000 20,00,000 20,00,000
Total options granted NIL NIL 2,59,140 Nil
Exercise price of options 
in ₹ (as on the date of 
grant options)
Nil Nil 246.30 Nil
Options forfeited / lapsed 
/ cancelled
NIL NIL 12,820 Nil
Variation of terms of 
options
NA
Money realized by 
exercise of options 
during the year / period
NA
Total number of options 
outstanding in force at 
the end of period / year
19,87,180 19,87,180 19,87,180 20,00,000
Total options vested 
(excluding the options 
that have been exercised)
Nil Nil Nil Nil
Options exercised Nil
The total number of 
Equity Shares arising as 
a result of full exercise 
of granted options 
(including options that 
have been exercised)
Nil
Employee wise details of options granted to:
Key managerial 
personnel:
Mr. Sajid Shaikh 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 
Senior management personnel:
Mr. Nitin Shewale 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2025 
till the date FY 25 FY 24 FY 23
Any other employee 
who receives a grant in 
any one year of options 
amounting to 5% or more 
of the options granted 
during the year
Nil
Identified employees 
who were granted options 
during any one year equal 
to or exceeding 1% of the 
issued capital (excluding 
outstanding warrants 
and conversions) of our 
Company at the time of 
grant
Nil
Lock-in period NA
Fully diluted EPS on a 
pre-Offer basis pursuant 
to the issue of Equity 
Shares on exercise of 
options calculated in 
accordance with the 
applicable accounting 
standard on ‘EPS’ (in ₹)
Fully diluted EPS as per the Audited Financial Statements:
Particulars Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2024
Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2023
Diluted EPS 5.31 4.38 4.28
Description of the pricing 
formula and method and 
significant assumptions 
used to estimate the fair 
value of options granted 
during the year including, 
weighted average 
information, namely, 
risk-free interest rate, 
expected life, expected 
volatility, expected 
dividends and the price 
of the underlying share 
in market at the time of 
grant of the option
Black- Scholes formula
Particular Tranches 1 Tranches 2 Tranches 3 Tranches 4
Valuation date August 10, 2023 August 10, 
2023
August 10, 
2023
August 10, 
2023
V olatility (S) 25% 25% 25% 25%
Risk free rate 7.17% 7.16% 7.19% 7.19%
Time to Expiration 
(T)
4.5 years 5.5 years 6.5 years 7.5 years
[[PAGE 24]]
42 43
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2025 
till the date FY 25 FY 24 FY 23
Impact on the profits 
and on the Earnings 
per Equity Share of 
the last three years if 
the accounting policies 
specified in the SEBI 
SBEB Regulations had 
been followed, in respect 
of options granted in the 
last three years
Not Applicable
Where our Company has 
calculated the employee 
compensation cost 
using the intrinsic value 
of the stock options, 
the difference, if any, 
between employee 
compensation cost 
so computed and the 
employee compensation 
calculated on the basis 
of fair value of the stock 
options and the impact 
of this difference, on the 
profits of our Company 
and on the Earnings 
per Equity Share of our 
Company
Yes
Intention of the Key 
Managerial Personnel, 
Senior Management 
Personnel and whole-
time directors who are 
holders of Equity Shares 
allotted on exercise of 
options granted to sell 
their Equity Shares 
within three months after 
the date of listing of 
Equity Shares pursuant 
to the Offer
No options exercised, hence not applicable
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2025 
till the date FY 25 FY 24 FY 23
Intention to sell Equity 
Shares arising out of 
“VOEPL Employee 
Stock Option Plan- 
2023” (“ESOP 2023” 
or Scheme) within 
three months after the 
listing of Equity Shares, 
by Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, 
Senior Management 
Personnel and employees 
having Equity Shares 
arising out of an 
employee stock option 
scheme, amounting to 
more than 1% of the 
issued capital (excluding 
outstanding warrants 
and conversions) of our 
Company.
No options exercised, hence not applicable
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND
During the year under review, your Company was not required to transfer any funds to Investor Education and 
Protection Funds (IEPF).
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
The details on the number of board meetings held are provided in the “Report of the Directors on Corporate 
Governance”, which forms part of this report. The intervening gap between the meetings was within the period 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD 
The Board had duly constituted following Committees, which are in line with the provisions of applicable 
laws: 
•	 Audit Committee  
•	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
•	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee 
•	 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
Voluntary Committee
•	 Management Committee  
A detailed update on the composition, number of meetings, attendance and terms of reference of aforesaid 
Committees are provided in the section “Committees of the Board” of “Report of the Directors on Corporate 
Governance.”
[[PAGE 25]]
44 45
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
PUBLIC DEPOSIT
The Company has not accepted any public deposit during the year under review and no amount against the 
same was outstanding at the end of the year.
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS
There are no significant or material orders passed by the Regulators / Courts which would impact the future 
operations / going concern status of the Company.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Company has received necessary declarations from all the Independent Directors under Section 149(7) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) that:
•	 they meet the criteria of independence and fulfill the conditions specified in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and of Listing Regulations and are independent of management;
•	 they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could 
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent judgment and without any 
external influence pursuant to Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations;
•	 they have complied with the requirement of inclusion of their name in the Data Bank maintained by Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs as envisaged under Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth 
Amendment Rules, 2019, as applicable and they hold valid registration certificate with Data Bank of Independent 
Directors.
BOARD EV ALUATION
As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and as per Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by SEBI on January 05, 2017, The 
Board adopted a formal mechanism for evaluating its performance and as well as that of its committees and 
individual Directors, including the Chairman of the Board. 
The exercise was carried out through a structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the Boards 
functioning such as composition of the Board & committees, experience & competencies, performance of 
specific duties & obligations, contribution at the meetings and otherwise, independent judgment, governance 
issues etc. The details of evaluation process have been explained in the Corporate Governance Report.
CHANGES IN DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
1. Appointment of Director:
During the year under review Ms. Illa Bhat (DIN: 10605053) was appointed as additional director (Non-Executive 
Independent) of the Company w.e.f. April 29, 2024. Appointment of Ms. Bhat shall was approved by shareholders 
Extra Ordinary Meeting held on July 24, 2024.
2. Appointment of Director retire by rotation
Pursuant to Section 152 of Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Abhinav Mahajan, shall retire by rotation at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting being eligible offers himself for re-appointment for directorship of the company. The Board 
recommends the re-appointment of Mr. Abhinav Mahajan as Director for your approval. Brief details as required 
under Secretarial Standard-2 and Regulation 36 of SEBI Listing Regulations, are provided in the Notice of AGM.
3. Key Managerial Personnel: 
In terms of the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, as on March 31, 2025, the Company has the following Key 
Managerial Personnel:
1. Mr. Sukrit Bharati – Managing Director
2. Mr. Sajid Shaikh – Chief Financial Officer
3. Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni – Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
During the year under review there is no change in Key Managerial Personnel of the company.
CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS 
AND OUTGO
The information on Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and 
Outgo stipulated under Section 134 (3) (m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed to the Directors’ Report as Annexure - II.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
Safety and occupational health responsibilities are integral to your Company’s business process. Safety is a 
key performance indicator and your Company is committed to ensuring zero harm to its employees, to any 
person in the Company premises and to the community. The Company is continuously focusing on improved 
training, new initiatives and communications, enhancing safety in the work place. Apart from safety initiatives, 
your Company is also focusing on environment protection. The Company has applied taken registration as per 
the provisions of E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022 from Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) of the 
Government of India.
BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
The details of Board and Committee meetings held during the year are given in the Corporate Governance 
Report.
The requisite particulars in respect of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment are given in Notice 
convening the Annual General Meeting.
All the directors of the Company have confirmed that they are not disqualified from being appointed as 
directors in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Details of policy of appointment and remuneration of directors have been provided in the Corporate Governance 
Report.
BOARD FAMILIARISATION
The Board is regularly updated on changes in statutory provisions, as applicable to the Company. The Board 
is also updated on the operations, key trends and risk universe applicable to the Company’s business. These 
updates help the Directors to keep abreast of key changes and their impact on the Company.
POLICIES
The updated policies adopted by the Company as per statutory and governance requirements are uploaded on 
website of the Company at www.voepl.com.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
A statement containing the names and other particulars of employees in accordance with the provisions 
of section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is appended as Annexure - III to this report.
[[PAGE 26]]
46 47
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The information required under Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forms part of this Annual Report. 
Having regard to the provisions of Section 134 and Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Reports and 
Accounts are being sent to the members excluding aforesaid information. However, the said information is 
available for inspection for members at the registered office of the Company during business hours on working 
days of the Company up to the date of ensuing AGM. Any shareholder interested in obtaining a copy of such 
statement may write to the Company Secretary at the registered office of the Company or e-mail to cs@voepl.
com.
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS
There are no significant or material orders passed by the Regulators / Courts which would impact the future 
operations / going concern status of the Company.
DETAILS OF RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS PURUSANT TO SECTION 188(1) OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013
Pursuant to the provisions of section 188 of Companies Act, 2013. All the related party transactions entered 
into during the financial year under review were in ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. 
There were no materially significant transactions with related parties during the financial year which were in 
conflict with the interest of the Company. Accordingly, information in form AOC-2 is not annexed.
All Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit Committee and the Board for approval. Prior 
omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for the transactions which are of a foreseen and repetitive 
nature. The transactions entered into pursuant to the omnibus approval so granted are placed before the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors for their review and approval on a quarterly basis.
As required under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has framed a Policy on 
Materiality of Related Party Transactions and on dealing with Related Party Transactions which is available 
on the Website of the Company at www.voepl.com
DETAILS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS U/S 186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
During the year under review company has given loan of Rs 8.80 Cr to the subsidiary of company Other than 
this company has not given any ICD, guarantee to any other body corporate, subsidiary or associate.
Other details for inter corporate financial transactions or remuneration and other benefits paid to directors, 
their relatives, key managerial personnel etc. are given as per requirements of AS 18.
AUDITORS
•	 Statutory Auditors
M/s. Jain Chhajed & Associates, Chartered Accountants, an Auditors firm was appointed as Statutory auditors 
of the company, for the second term of five consecutive years at the 6 th Annual General Meeting held on 
Thursday, June 3, 2021. As per Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014, M/s. Jain 
Chhajed & Associates has completed audit term of 10 consecutive years as Statutory Auditors of the Company 
and not eligible to be appointed as Statutory Auditor of the Company. 
Accordingly, Board of Directors has appointed M/s. SKVM & Co. (FRN 121035W) as Statutory Auditor 
of the Company for term of 5 years starting from FY 2025-26 till the AGM of FY 2029-30 to be held in the 
calendar year 2030 subject to the approval of Members of the Company in the ensuing AGM.
The Notes on financial statement referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for 
any further comments. The Auditors’ Report does not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark 
or disclaimer.
•	 Secretarial Auditors
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules made thereunder, 
the Board of Directors has appointed M/s Prachi Bansal & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as 
Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company for the Financial Year 2024-25. The report 
submitted by the Secretarial Auditor in Form MR-3 is attached to this report as Annexure - IV. The Secretarial 
Auditor Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
Further, owing to amendments in the Listing Regulations, the Company is mandated to appoint a Secretarial 
Auditor for a period of five consecutive financial years.
The Company proposes to appoint M/s Prachi Bansal & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of five consecutive financial years to conduct secretarial audit 
for financial year(s) 2025-26 to 2029-30. Detailed proposal for appointment is mentioned in the Notice of 
AGM of the Company
•	 Cost Auditors
In terms of the provisions of Section 148 of the Act, read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors had, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, appointed KPMSS 
& Associates, Cost Accountants, Nashik, as the Cost Auditors, to conduct the cost audit for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025.
As required under the Act, the remuneration payable to the cost auditor is required to be placed before the 
members in a general meeting for their ratification. Accordingly, a resolution seeking members’ ratification for 
the remuneration payable to Cost Auditors, forms part of the Notice convening the Annual General Meeting.
•	 Internal Auditors
In terms of the provisions of Section 138 of the Act read with Companies (Account) Rules, 2014, the Company 
has re-appointed M/s Pooja M. Kulkarni & Co., Chartered Accountants, Nashik as the internal auditors.
REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS 
During the year under review, none of the auditors, viz., statutory auditors, cost auditors, and secretarial au-
ditors, have reported to the Audit Committee, under Section 143(12) of the Act, any instances of fraud com-
mitted against the Company by its officers or employees, the details of which would need to be mentioned in 
the Board’s Report.
[[PAGE 27]]
48 49
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
ANNUAL RETURN
The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 2025 will be available on the website of the Company at 
www.voepl.com.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
Management Discussion and Analysis Report prepared pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations; 2015 forms part this Directors’ Report is attached as Annexure - V. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Report prepared pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 forms part of this Directors’ Report. During the year under review, your company has com-
plied with the applicable Secretarial Standards.
INSURANCE
The Fixed Assets and Stocks of your Company are adequately insured.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM
Your Company has an Internal Financial Control System commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of 
its operations. Your Company has adopted proper system of Internal Control and Risk Management to ensure 
that all assets are safeguarded and protected against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that the 
transactions are authorized, recorded and reported properly.
The effectiveness of internal financial controls is reviewed through the internal audit process. Reports of inter-
nal auditors are reviewed by Audit Committee of the Company and desired actions are initiated to strengthen 
the control and effectiveness of the system.
VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
Your Company has adopted a vigil mechanism. The details of the same are explained in the Corporate 
Governance Report and also posted on the website of the Company.
SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
A list of subsidiaries/joint ventures of your Company is provided as part of the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements. During the year under review, the Company has not incorporated any subsidiary.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129, 134 and 136 of the Act read with rules made thereunder and 
Regulation 33 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, your Company has prepared consolidated financial statements 
of the Company and a separate statement containing the salient features of financial statement of subsidiaries 
in Form AOC-1, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the standalone and consolidated financial 
statements of the Company and separate audited financial statements in respect of subsidiaries are available 
on the website of the Company https://www.voepl.com/
MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
The Company has formulated a policy for determining Material Subsidiaries. The policy is available on your 
Company’s website and link for the same is https://www.voepl.com/company-policies
During the year under review, no subsidiary of the Company becomes/ceases to be a material subsidiary of 
the Company. 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) INITIATIVES
During the year, the company has constituted the CSR Committee due to applicability of the provisions sub-
section (1) of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The Company has constituted CSR Committee and framed CSR Policy and approved by the board of directors 
at the board meeting held on May 29, 2023 and September 01, 2023 respectively. 
During the year under review, your Company has spent Rs. 20.88 Lakh i.e., 2% of average net profit of last 
three financial years on CSR activities as per applicable statutory provisions. Your Company has Utilized CSR 
Funds for Apprenticeship Training Under ‘Skill Training’ Already Covered Under Item No. (Ii) Of Schedule 
VII of The Companies Act. The details are available in the CSR Report annexed herewith as Annexure I. The 
CSR Policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.voepl.com/company-policies.
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
As per the requirement of the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder, your Company has laid down a Prevention 
of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Policy and has constituted Internal Complaints Committees (ICs) at all relevant 
locations across India to consider and resolve the complaints related to sexual harassment. The ICs include 
external members with relevant experience. The ICs, presided by senior women, conduct the investigations 
and make decisions at the respective locations. Your Company has zero tolerance on sexual harassment at the 
workplace. The ICs also work extensively on creating awareness on relevance of sexual harassment issues, 
including while working remotely. The employees are required to undergo mandatory training/ certification on 
POSH to sensitize themselves and strengthen their awareness. During the year under review, your Company 
has not received any complaint pertaining to sexual harassment.
 
COMPLIANCE WITH MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT 1961
The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961. All eligible 
women employees have been extended the benefits as prescribed under the Act. The Company remains 
committed to supporting working mothers and promoting a gender-inclusive workplace.
 
THE DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY 
AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016 (31 OF 2016) DURING THE YEAR ALONGWITH THEIR STATUS AS AT 
THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
During the year under review no such instance has occurred.
THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE V ALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF 
ONE TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE V ALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS 
OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF
During the year under review no such instance was occurred.
[[PAGE 28]]
50 51
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors, to the best of their knowledge 
and ability, hereby confirm that:
•	 in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, the 
applicable accounting standards have been followed along with proper explanation relating to material 
departures, if any;
•	 the directors have selected such accounting policies have been selected and applied them consistently and 
judgment and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view 
of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025 and of the loss of the Company for the year 
ended on that date;
•	 the directors have taken proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
•	 the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis;
•	 the directors, had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the company and that such 
internal financial controls are adequate and operating effectively;
•	 the directors have advised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Your directors place on records their sincere appreciation for the valuable support and co-operation received 
from Government of India and regulatory authorities, financial institutions and banks associated with the 
Company during the year. Your directors thank all shareholders, esteemed customers, suppliers and business 
associates for their faith, trust and confidence reposed in the Company.
Your directors also wish to place on record their sincere appreciation for the dedicated efforts and consistent 
contribution made by the employees at all levels.
The Directors look forward to your continuing support.
Place: Nashik
Date: 14.08.2025
Sd/-
Mr. Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
FORM AOC- 1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2O14)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or Joint 
ventures
Name of the subsidiary YLP Solutions Pvt Ltd Virtuoso Polymers Pvt Ltd
Date of Incorporation 24/06/2014 29/07/2024
Reporting period for the 
subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding 
company’s reporting period.
April 01, 2024 to March 31, 
2025
April 01, 2024 to March 31, 
2025
Reporting currency and 
Exchange rate as on the last 
date of the relevant financial 
year in the case of foreign 
subsidiaries.
NA NA
Share capital Authorized: Rs. 2,00,000/-
Paid up: Rs. 2,00,000/-
Authorized: Rs. 50,00,000/-
Paid up: Rs. 10,00,000/-
Reserves and surplus  Rs. 15.92 Lakh  Rs. -12.08 Lakh
Total assets  Rs. 68.85 Lakh  Rs. 973.04 Lakh
Total Liabilities  Rs. 50.93 Lakh  Rs.970.96 Lakh
Investments  0.00    0.00 
Turnover  Rs. 88.99 Lakh  Rs. 31.18 Lakh
Profit before taxation  Rs. 9.41 Lakh  Rs. 1.60 Lakh
Provision for taxation  Rs. 2.36 Lakh  Rs. 13.69 Lakh
Profit after taxation  Rs. 7.05 Lakh  Rs. -12.08 Lakh
Proposed Dividend  0.00  0.00
Extent of shareholding 
(in percentage)
 0.00  0.00
•	 Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Virtuoso Compressors Pvt Ltd (Date of incorpora-
tion: 29/04/2025)
•	 Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: No such instance during the year
Place: Nashik
Date: 14.08.2025
Sd/-
Mr. Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
[[PAGE 29]]
52 53
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 ANNEXURE I - REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES/ INITIATIVES
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules made thereunder]
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
Your Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance and corporate social responsibility in 
promoting and strengthening the trust of its shareholders and other stakeholders. The CSR Policy is guided by the 
Company’s corporate vision and committed towards improving the quality of lives of people in communities in 
which it operates because; the society is an essential stakeholder and the purpose of its existence. The company 
believes that giving back to the society through CSR activities is its moral duty.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sr. No. Name of the Director Designation No. CSR Meetings No. of Meeting 
attended
1 Mr. Sukrit Bharati Chairperson 2 2
2 Ms. Drashti Solanki Member 2 2
3 Mr. Abhinav Mahajan Member 2 2
4 Ms. Illa Bhat* Member 2 2
*Ms. Illa Bhat was appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. April 29, 2024.
3. Provide the web-link(s) where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the 
board are disclosed on the website of the company:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UNcKI7Pv7zpudZhRWmEMWNFe-SPj6rMw/view
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable
Not applicable
5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate 
Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any
Sr. No. Financial Year Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in Rs)
Amount required to be setoff for 
the financial year, if any (in Rs)
Not applicable
6. Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135. (Calculated as per section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
Financial Year Profit before tax Average of 3 years
2021-22 Rs. 5,73,05,911.41 Rs. 10, 44,22,305.00
2022-23 Rs. 11,29,09,426.28
2023-24 Rs. 14,30,18,577.43
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Rs 10,44,22,305* 2/100 = 
Rs. 20,88,266/- (Rupees Twenty Lakh Eighty-Eight Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Six only) 
Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years: Nil 
Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil 
Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: Rs. 20,88,266/-
7. Details
a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): Rs. 20,88,266/- (Rupees 
Twenty Lakh Eighty-Eight Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Six only)
b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable. - Nil.
d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: Rs. 20,88,266/- (Rupees Twenty Lakh Eighty-Eight 
Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Six only)
8. Details
a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount
Spent for the
Financial Year
(in Rs.)
Amount unspent (in Rs.)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per sub-
section (6) of section 135
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135
Amount Date of Transfer Name of the 
Fund Amount Date of Transfer
20,88,266/- NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
b) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
S. 
N.
Name of the 
Project
Item 
from the 
list of 
activities 
in 
Schedule 
VII to the 
Act
Local 
area 
(Yes/No)
Location 
of the 
project
Project 
duration
Amount 
allocated for 
the project 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
spent in 
the current 
financial 
Year (in 
Rs.)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
for the 
project as 
per Section 
135(6) (in 
Rs.)
Mode of 
Implementation - 
Direct (Yes/No)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Through 
Implementing 
Agency
1 Govt 
Apprenticeship 
Schemes
- Yes Nashik 1 year 20,88,266/- 20,88,266/- - Yes No
c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year
S. N. Name of the Project
Item from the 
list of activities 
in Schedule VII 
to the Act
Local area 
(Yes/No)
Location of the 
project
State/District
Amount spent 
for the project 
(in Rs.)
Mode of 
Implementation - 
Direct (Yes/No)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Through 
Implementing  
Agency
Name of the 
Agency
CSR - RN
- - - - - - - -
d) Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Sr. No. Profit Before Tax Amount (In Rs.)
i Two percent of average net profit of the company as
per sub-section (5) of section 135
NIL
ii Total amount spent for the Financial Year NIL
iii Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)] NIL
iv Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or 
activities of the previous Financial Years, if any
NIL
[[PAGE 30]]
54 55
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
V Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years 
[(iii)-(iv)]
NIL
9. Details
a) Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial
S.N. Preceding 
Financial Year(s)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under sub- 
section (6) 
of section 
135 (in Rs.)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of 
section 135 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
Spent in the 
Financial 
Year (in Rs)
Amount transferred to a 
Fund as specified under 
Schedule VII as per second 
proviso to sub- section (5) of 
section 135, if any Amount remaining to 
be spent in succeeding 
Financial Years (in Rs)Name of 
the Fund 
Amount (in 
Rs.)
Date of transfer
- - - - - - - -
b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s):
Project No Project Name
Financial Year in 
which the project 
was commenced.
Project 
duration
Total amount 
allocated for the 
project (in Rs.).
Amount 
spent on the 
project in 
the reporting 
Financial 
Year (in Rs).
Cumulative 
amount 
spent at 
the end of 
reporting 
Financial 
Year. (in 
Rs.)
Status of 
the project - 
Completed /
Ongoing.
- - - - - - - -
10. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year: No
If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/ acquired – Not Applicable
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year:
S N
Short particulars 
of the property or 
asset(s) [including 
complete address 
and location of 
the property
Pin code of the 
property or 
asset(s)
Date of
creation
Amount 
of CSR 
amount 
spent
Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary 
of the registered owner
CSR 
Registration 
Number if 
applicable
Name Registered 
address
- - - - - - - -
(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no, Municipal Office/Municipal Corporation/ 
Gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of the immovable property as well as boundaries)
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub- sec-
tion (5) of section 135: Not Applicable
Sd/-                                                                  Sd/-
Mr. Sukrit Bharati                                         Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Chairman & Managing Director                 Executive Director
DIN: 03684038                                               DIN: 06926238
   Date: 14.08.2025
   Place: Nashik
[[PAGE 31]]
56 57
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
ANNEXURE – II TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT
INFORMATION ON CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO REQUIRED IN TERMS OF SECTION 134(3)(m) OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 8(3) OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 
2014
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
i. STEPS INITIATED OR IMPACT ON THE CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
The Company is primarily engaged in business of manufacturing of high-volume production of Electronics 
Manufacturing Services (EMS) and consumer products. The Company manufacturing consumer durable goods 
and assemble a wide array of products and provide end-to-end product solutions. Company also serves under 
both original equipment manufacturing (OEMs) and Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) business model. The 
Company has no particulars to report regarding conservation of energy as required under Section 134 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder.
ii. STEPS TAKEN BY THE COMPANY FOR UTILISING ALTERNATE SOURCES OF ENERGY
To reduce indirect energy consumption in FY 2024-25, your Company had undertaken several efforts including 
improving the operating efficiency of industrial machinery. Also, your Company is installing state of-the-art 
equipment and upgrading older ones to make them more energy efficient. 
Some of the other conservative measures, which your Company has already implemented, are:
 
a) Rain water harvesting at one plant at Satpur, Nashik. 
b) Optimum usage of Air Conditioners throughout its premises by ensuring that there is no cool air leakage. 
c) Optimum utilization of electric appliances during non-peak hours and on weekends. 
d) Installation of sun film to dissipate heat 
e) Usage of LED lights for all its lighting solution
iii. CAPITAL INVESTMENT ON ENERGY CONSERVATION EQUIPMENT:
In the ensuing years, your Company has installed roof-top solar power plant for 3 plants at Nashik. 
B. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT & TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
•	 Efforts Made Towards Technology Absorption: Your company has implemented the ‘Green Initiative’ to enable 
electronic delivery of notice/documents/annual reports to shareholders. Electronic copies of the Annual Report 
for the FY-2024-25 and notice of the 10 th Annual General Meeting were sent to all members whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s) as on the record date.
•	 Outcome and benefits: As we have done backward as well as forward integration which has decreased our 
costs and helped us to capture ‘A’ Category customers. This increased our profit margins and reputation in the 
market.
•	 INFORMATION REGARDING IMPORTED TECHNOLOGY (IMPORTED DURING LAST 3 YEARS): The Company has 
not imported technology during the last three years and therefore details including the details of technology 
imported, the year of import, whether the technology been fully absorbed and if not fully absorbed, areas 
where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof are not applicable.
•	 EXPENDITURE INCURRED ON R & D: During the year under review, Company has incurred Rs. 8.34 Cr. on 
Research and Development
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
During the year under review, the total foreign exchange expenditure amounted to Rs. 7371.44 Lakhs 
(which includes Rs.4253.38 Lakhs for the import of raw materials and components of Rs. 3118.06 
Lakh towards expenditure in foreign currency. The Company did not earn any foreign exchange.
[[PAGE 32]]
58 59
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
ANNEXURE III TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT
[Pursuant to Rule 5 (1) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
1. The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration* of the Employees of the 
Company for the financial year
* For calculating median remuneration workman trainees are not included.
(Explanation (i) the expression “median” means the numerical value separating the higher half of a population 
from the lower half and the median of a finite list of numbers may be found by arranging all the observations 
from lowest value to highest value and picking the middle one; (ii) if there is an even number of observations, 
the median shall be the average of the two middle values).
The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, 
Company Secretary, or Manager, if any, in the financial year:
•	 Remuneration paid to directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.
•	 The ratio of remuneration MD, CFO and CS to the Median Remuneration of all employees who were on the 
payroll of the Company and the percentage increase in their remuneration during the financial year 2024-25 
are given below:
Name & Designation Ratio to median Percentage Increase in 
Remuneration
Mr. Sukrit Bharati
(Managing Director)
6 NIL
Mrs. Ziral Soni
(Independent Director)
NA NA
Ms. Drashti Solanki
(Independent Director)
NA NA
Mr. Vishrut Bharati 
(Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)
NA NA
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
(Executive Director)
3 NIL
Mr. Sajid Shaikh
(Chief Financial Officer)
6.33 17.15%
Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)
0.83 NIL
* Ms. Ila S Bhat (DIN: 10605053), was appointed w.e.f. April 29, 2024 as an independent director.
Number of permanent employees 
The Company had 274 employees as of March 31, 2025.  
Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY25
The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY25 stood at 61.36%. 
Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial 
personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial 
remuneration and Justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for 
increase in the managerial remuneration:
The average percentage increase in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in 
the last financial year is 10%, as against increase of 17.15 % in salary of the Key Managerial Personnel. 
The increment given to each individual employee is based on the Employees’ Performance and also 
Benchmarked against a comparable basket of relevant Companies in India.
2. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company
It is affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and other employees, adopted by the Company.
Date: 14.08.2025
Place: Nashik
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sd/-
Mr. Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 03638084 
[[PAGE 33]]
60 61
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Annexure IV to the Annual Report
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the 
adherence to good corporate practices by Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (hereinafter called “the 
Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for 
evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliance and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorised representatives in the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, 
the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31 st March, 2025, 
generally complied with the statutory provisions listed here under and also that the Company has 
proper Board-processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject 
to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to 
the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial 
Borrowings;
v. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2009 and The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to time;
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefit) Regulation, 2014 
and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 
2008 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulations 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not Applicable as the 
Company is not registered as Registrar to Issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial 
year under review).
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 (Not Ap-
plicable to the Company during the Audit Period); and
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998 and The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as applica-
ble (Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period).
i) 
Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as identified by the man-
agement, that is to say:
1. The Factories Act, 1948;
2. The Payment of Wages Act, 1936
3. The Minimum Wages Act, 1948
4. Employees Provident Fund and Misc. Provisions Act, 1952
5. Employers State Insurance Act, 1948;
6. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986;
7. The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965;
8. Maternity Benefits Act, 1961
9. Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972
10. Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1953
11. Industrial Employment Standing Orders Act, 1946
12. Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act, 1970
13. Industrial Dispute Act, 1947.
14. Employees Compensation Act, 1923
15. E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022
16. The Apprentices Act, 1961
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
a) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above subject to filing of certain e-forms with 
additional fees.
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation 
at the meeting. 
[[PAGE 34]]
62 63
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As per the minutes, the decisions at the Board Meetings were taken unanimously. I further report 
that based on review of compliance mechanism established by the Company and on the basis of the 
Compliance Certificate(s) issued by the Company and taken on record by the Board of Directors at 
their meeting(s), we are of the opinion that there are adequate systems and processes in place in the 
Company which is commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines;
I further report that
•	 The company has made allotment of 3,500,100 Equity Shares on March 02, 2024 issued 
through a preferential issue and has submitted an application for their listing and trading on 
BSE Limited, which is still pending for approval. 
•	 The Company has also made allotment of 31,50,000 Equity Shares upon conversion of warrants 
on March 01, 2025 issued through a preferential issue and has submitted an application for 
their listing and trading on BSE Limited, which is also pending for approval. 
•	 Accordingly, the credit of Equity Shares from CDSL and NSDL is also pending and hence Shares 
are not tradable on Stock Exchange.
For Prachi Bansal & Associates
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS Prachi Bansal
Membership No. A43355
C.P. No. 23670
Peer Review No. I2020hr2093500
Date: August 14, 2025
Place: Faridabad
UDIN: A043355G001014151
ANNEXURE – A
Secretarial Audit Report
To,
The Members
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Management’s Responsibility:
It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise 
proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to 
ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures 
followed by the Company with respect to secretarial compliances. We believe that audit evidence and 
information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for us to provide 
a basis for our opinion. Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about 
the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
Disclaimer:
The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of 
the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test 
basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and 
practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of 
the Company.
The relevant records have been examined through or received by electronic mode and physical records 
were not inspected. However, necessary confirmation for the authenticity of the records received has 
been provided by the Company.
For Prachi Bansal & Associates
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
Prachi Bansal
(Proprietor)
Membership No. A43355
C.P. No. 23670
Peer Review No. I2020hr2093500
Date: 14-08-2025
Place: Faridabad
UDIN: 
[[PAGE 35]]
64 65
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
ANNEXURE – V TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
1. Industry structure and developments Overview
The fiscal year 2024-25 was a period of solid performance for our sector, demonstrating resilience against a backdrop of heightened 
global uncertainties. Despite a moderation in India’s overall GDP growth to an estimated 6.4%, reflecting subdued private demand 
and delayed government investment, the domestic economy proved its fundamental strength. Favorable conditions, including stabi-
lizing food prices that brought inflation under control and two policy rate reductions by the Reserve Bank of India, helped to support 
consumer sentiment and liquidity. 
Our industry capitalized on these conditions, experiencing moderate growth in consumer durables. A significant trend driving this 
growth was the increasing preference for premium, energy-efficient, and technologically advanced products. This “premiumization” 
was fueled by a growing urban population and rising disposable incomes. A particularly strong summer season also provided a major 
boost, driving demand for cooling products like air conditioners and air coolers. We see this as a clear signal of evolving consumer 
aspirations and a shift toward higher-value goods.
The government’s proactive policies were instrumental in our success this year. The Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme 
for ACs and LED lights attracted significant investment and was a cornerstone of our efforts to boost domestic manufacturing and 
reduce import reliance. We commend the government’s swift action in processing claims and reopening application windows, which 
has reinforced our confidence in the “Atmanirbhar Bharat” vision. This initiative has already led to a notable increase in domestic 
component manufacturing, strengthening our local value chain and preparing us for future growth.
The government’s continued focus on capital expenditure in infrastructure, energy security, and urban development provides a 
promising outlook for sustained demand. We are strategically positioned to capitalize on these trends by expanding our manufactur-
ing capabilities and enhancing our product portfolio to meet the demand for innovative, high-quality, and energy-efficient products.
Company Overview
Virtuoso Optoelectronics has steadily evolved into one of India’s leading manufacturing partners for consumer durables and elec-
tronics. Starting with Air Conditioners as its core strength, the Company today also manufactures commercial refrigeration products, 
water heaters, lights, and remotes.
In line with its vision of becoming a multi-category manufacturing powerhouse, the past year marked a significant phase of diver-
sification and expansion. 
Virtuoso entered new product categories such as washing machines, compressors, and freezers, while also strengthening its ca-
pabilities in Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS). These moves underline the Company’s strategy to deepen its presence 
across consumer durables and build an integrated manufacturing ecosystem for OEMs.
To support this transformation, Virtuoso has made strategic investments of about Rs. 140 Cr. in capacity expansion, advanced auto-
mation, and product development. Looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to navigate potential external headwinds, such as 
geopolitical tensions and trade tariffs.
Opportunities:
1. Infrastructure Expansion: 
The planned investments in new manufacturing facilities present a significant opportunity to scale up production and diversify 
into new areas like electronics and motor components.
2. Government Policy Tailwinds: 
The “Atmanirbhar Bharat” campaign and other government policies aimed at promoting self-reliance and local manufacturing 
can be a major growth driver.
3. Shift to ODM Model: 
By further developing its ODM capabilities, the company can move towards higher-margin business, reduce its reliance on 
customer-provided designs, and enhance its competitive advantage.
4. Market Growth in Consumer Durables: 
The growing consumer durables market in India provides a favourable environment for the company to expand its product 
portfolio and market share.
Threats
1. Intense Competition: 
The company faces stiff competition from both domestic and international players in the electronics manufacturing and con -
sumer durables sectors.
2. Economic Downturn: 
A slowdown in the consumer durables market due to a general economic downturn could impact sales and profitability.
3. Supply Chain Disruptions: 
As a manufacturer, the company is vulnerable to supply chain disruptions and fluctuations in raw material prices.
4. Technological Obsolescence: 
The fast-evolving nature of the electronics and consumer goods industries means the company must continuously invest in 
R&D to avoid technological obsolescence.
Industry Outlook – EMS & Consumer Durables
The EMS industry has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sectors in India, driven by domestic demand, global outsourcing 
trends, and supportive policy measures such as the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme. With India positioned as a cost-com-
petitive, skill-rich hub, OEMs are increasingly seeking strong manufacturing partners who can deliver both scale and innovation. 
Virtuoso’s timely expansion in EMS strengthens its ability to serve this rising demand.
On the consumer durables front, the Indian AC market alone is projected to grow at ~16–17% CAGR till 2029, led by urbaniza-
tion, climate change, and rising disposable incomes. The washing machine and freezer markets are also on an upward trajectory, 
especially in Tier 2 & Tier 3 cities, where appliance penetration is increasing rapidly. Demand for energy-efficient, eco-friendly, 
and smart appliances is reshaping consumer expectations, offering significant opportunities for manufacturers aligned with these 
trends.
Technology & Innovation
Virtuoso continues to focus on sustainability, efficiency, and smart technology integration. R&D initiatives are centred around:
•	 Variable-speed compressors, natural refrigerants, and eco-friendly designs.
•	 IoT-enabled appliances, predictive maintenance, and connected solutions.
•	 Advanced automation and digitization to enhance quality, speed, and cost-effectiveness.
This technology-first approach ensures Virtuoso remains aligned with both regulatory requirements and consumer preferences.
Business Performance Highlights
•	 Diversification into compressors, washing machines, and freezers, broadening market opportunities.
•	 Strengthened EMS capabilities, positioning Virtuoso as a comprehensive partner for OEMs.
•	 Strategic investments of [Investment Amount Placeholder] in capacity, automation, and product development.
•	 Expansion of customer base with stronger relationships across leading consumer durable brands.
•	 Ongoing operational excellence and cost optimization measures.
Risks & Challenges
The Company remains cautious of risks such as commodity price volatility, global supply chain disruptions, and competitive 
pressures. Regulatory changes in energy standards and dependence on a few large customers are monitored closely, with proactive 
risk-mitigation measures in place.
[[PAGE 36]]
66 67
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Medium- & Long-Term Strategy
Virtuoso’s long-term growth is built on a clear expansion roadmap:
•	 Expanding product portfolio to become a multi-category consumer durables manufacturer.
•	 Scaling EMS business to capture opportunities in electronics and contract manufacturing.
•	 Investing in R&D and automation for future-ready products and processes.
•	 Exploring exports and new markets, reducing dependency on domestic cycles.
•	 Embedding sustainability at the core of operations to drive long-term value.
The Company’s journey over the past year highlights its strategic foresight and adaptability. By aligning expansion with strong 
industry tailwinds, Virtuoso is positioning itself not just as a contract manufacturer, but as a trusted growth partner for leading 
OEMs in India and beyond.
2. Financial Performance Analysis: 
Following are the financial highlights of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025, on a standalone basis:
A good demand for the Company’s offerings across all business segments coupled with an early onset of summer in some parts of 
the country helped Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited to register a robust revenue growth. The Company delivered record revenue 
and profits in FY24-25 of Rs. 1413.04 lakhs.
Financial performance analysis is provided below:  
Income:
The year commenced on a promising note with a general improvement in consumer sentiment witnessed in the first half of the pre-
vious financial year. During the peak selling season for the Company’s products, Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited ended the year 
on a strong note with the total Income for the year ended March 31, 2025, growing by 39.53% to ₹ 1413.04 lakhs as compared to 
₹1012.73 lakhs in the previous year.
Cost Of Sales, Work Bills and Services:
The cost of sales, work bills and services during the year was Rs. 60519.39 crores compared to Rs 45860.76 crores in the previous 
year. This cost increased to 31.96% of the Revenue from Operations compared to 56.54 % in the previous year in line with the 
growth in scale.
Employee Remuneration and Benefits:
Employee cost for the year at Rs. 2008.81 lakhs increased by 61.31% compared to Rs. 1244.95 lakhs in the previous year, in line 
with the increase in scale and roll back of compensation cuts undertaken in the previous year. Employee cost was 2.86% of the total 
income compared to 2.34% in the previous year.
OPERATING AND GENERAL EXPENSES:
Operating and general expenses increased to Rs. 2068.89 lakhs from Rs.4112.57 lakhs in the previous year. As a percentage of total 
Income, the operating and general expenses for the year were at 8.80% as compared to7.73 % in the previous year.
Financial Expenses:
Financial cost for the year was at Rs 2537.47 lakhs compared to Rs. 2004.93 lakhs in the previous year. The financial cost for the 
year decreased to 3.61 % of the total income compared to 3.77% in the previous year due to lower average gross borrowings and a 
decrease in cost of financing.
Depreciation:
Depreciation charge for the year decreased to Rs. 806.83 lakhs as compared to Rs. 1826.91 lakhs in the previous year.
Profit Before Tax:
Profit before tax and exceptional items for FY24 increased by 75.03% to Rs2503.31 lakhs compared to Rs 1430.29 lakhs in FY24. 
Profit before tax and exceptional items improved to 3.56% of the total income compared to 2.69% in the previous year.
Key Financial Ratios:
Sr. 
No. Key Financial Ratios FY25 FY24 Times /Change%
1 Debtors Turnover Ratio (times) 27.29 19.25 41.21
2 Inventory Turnover Ratio (times) 3.21 2.90 10.48
3 Current Ratio (times) 1.31 1.23 6.43
4 Debt Equity Ratio (times) 0.61 0.94 -35.37
5 Operating Profit Margin (%) 3.56 2.69 33.33
6 Net Profit Margin (%) 2.03 2.30 (11.99)
7 Return on Net Worth (%) 5.75 13.52 (57.46)
8 Return on Capital Employed (%) 17.19 25.66 (32.99)
9 Trade Payables Turnover Ratio (in times) 5.27 5.00 5.41
10 Return on Investment (%) 6.27 4.67 34.15
11 Net Capital Turnover Ratio (in times) 7.07 20.97 (66.28)
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES ( >25% and <-25%)
During the year, operating profit margin has improved by 33.33% due to enhanced backward integration and better working capital 
management. In addition to this new product categories have helped in enhancing profit margin. Regarding debt equity ratio, the 
infusion of equity of Rs. 109 cr. has improved this ratio. The return on capital employed has shown a decline of 32.99% owing to 
expansion and investment in new product categories that are yet to begin commercial operations.
Internal Control Systems and Their Adequacy 
The Company has established an internal control system, commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of its operations. In ad-
dition, the internal audit function reviews and reports updates on compliance with internal controls, the efficiency and effectiveness 
of operations to the Audit Committee.
3. Risks And Concerns:
Risks
The primary operating risks which could impact the Company relate to slowdown in the manufacturing, environment and invest-
ment cycles, exposure to seasonality for some of its businesses, dependence on sale of room air conditioners, competition from 
Indian and global players, volatile exchange rates, interest rates, credit risks, import dependence, procurement concentration risks, 
volatile commodity prices risks, changes in tax and other legislations as well as risks arising out of higher input costs especially in 
the case of fixed price contracts, health and site safety, exposure to frauds, and changes in technology which impact the Company’s 
product offerings. In addition, considering the current scenario, pandemic events and geopolitical scenarios also pose a business 
continuity risk, apart from a general slowdown in the global and local economy which tends to intensify risks faced by the Company. 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics lays great emphasis on Enterprise level Risk Management, and has put in place a robust system for risk 
identification, assessment and mitigation with strong internal controls, at both the business-groups and corporate level in line with 
the Enterprise Risk Management framework. Significant risks across the entity are reviewed periodically by the Board of Directors. 
Further, the mitigation action plans are integrated with the strategy and performance management processes, and also with the in-
ternal audit plans. 
[[PAGE 37]]
68 69
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Concerns
A confluence of factors on the global and local fronts, such as geo-political equations between countries, the usage of tariff and 
non-tariff barriers to address trade imbalances, volatility in crude oil, commodity prices, and ocean freight, could impact consumer 
confidence. The Company will continue to closely monitor the macro and micro level trends in the global and Indian economy, and 
will take necessary steps to address these challenges.
Opportunity
The Company’s proven ability to innovate and offer products/solutions in line with the evolving dynamics continues to provide the 
Company with opportunities to grow even under the current challenging circumstances. These are opportunities related to the Com-
pany’s products, projects and service businesses for varied sectors.
Human Resources
The Company remains committed to the resilience and well-being of its people, in the face of the adversities brought about by the 
changed environment due to the Pandemic. Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited focused on creating a safe, conducive environment for 
change management and business continuity in this turbulent period of external circumstances. Employee well-being was a contin-
ual objective, implemented in a holistic manner, including the physical, mental and emotional ambit. 
A Growth mindset is a continued, priority agenda for the Company and its people, and weaved into its hiring and people develop-
ment strategy. Based on the V oice of its Employees (V oE), the Company continued in its endeavor towards embarking on enhanced 
employee-friendly initiatives and practices. Hybrid work culture, flexibility of work schedules, work-life balance and avenues to 
de-stress assumed center stage. Re-skilling of its human capital with the aid of contemporary technology platforms gained momen-
tum and has been well received, based on employee feedback. The talent management direction was aligned towards exploring 
cross-functional opportunities, fulfilling job rotations matching employee skill sets and career development avenues for high poten-
tial staff. In instances where internal talent was insufficient for certain crucial profiles at senior levels, it was developed inorganically 
by sourcing the subject matter experts from the industry. 
4. CORPORATE OUTLOOK
The Company ended the year on a strong note with healthy growth across all segments. Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited is wit-
nessing strong demand for air conditioners in H2FY24.Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited is growing faster than the market. With 
the increase in corporate capex and revival of demand from traditional customer segments, prospects for growth in the Electronic 
Manufacturing Projects and Commercial Air Conditioning business are also encouraging.
The Company’s cost optimization initiatives and prudent working capital management has been helping Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited to sustain growth, profitability, and a strong balance sheet.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE:
Effective Corporate Governance practices constitute the strong foundation on which successful commercial 
enterprises are built. The Company’s philosophy on corporate governance oversees business strategies and 
ensures fiscal accountability, ethical corporate behavior and fairness to all stakeholders comprising regulators, 
employees, customers, vendors, investors and the society at large. Timely information to investors, creditors, 
institutions, bankers, general public in proper manner also provide them with an opportunity to take right 
decision on investment in the company whether by way of equity or by debt instrument or even by financing 
or by making business transactions.
The Company implements and practices the principles of Corporate Governance based on fairness, transparency, 
integrity, honesty and accountability consistently being followed in all its business practices and dealings. The 
Company is committed to observe good governance by focusing on adequate & timely disclosures, transparent 
& robust accounting policies, strong & independent Board and endeavors to maximize shareholders’ benefit. 
A report, in line with the requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations) for the year ended March 31, 2025 is given below:
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
 • Composition of Board
The Board of Directors are entrusted with the ultimate responsibility of the management, general affairs, 
direction and performance of the Company and has been vested with requisite powers, authorities and 
duties. The Board of Directors provides a long-term vision and policy approach which improves the 
quality of governance. It sets out the overall corporate objectives and provides direction and independence 
to the management to achieve these objectives for value creation through sustainable profitable growth.
The Company’s Board has an optimum mix of Executive and Non-Executive Directors, to maintain 
independence and separate the functions of governance and management. The composition of the Board 
is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations read with Section 149 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’).
The Board of Directors as on March 31, 2025, comprised 5 Directors, out of which 1 is Managing Director, 
1 is Non-Executive Director, 1 is Executive Director and 3 are Non-Executive, Independent Directors. 
The Chairman of the Company is Managing Director. None of the Directors on the Board hold directorships 
in more than 10 (Ten) Public Companies. None of the Independent Directors serve as an Independent 
Director on more than 7 (Seven) Listed Entities. Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions 
in other public companies as on March 31, 2025 have been made by the Directors. None of the Directors 
are related to each other except Mr. Sukrit Bharati and Mr. Vishrut Bharati. None of the Directors on the 
Board is a member of more than 10 Committees or Chairman of more than 5 Committees across all Public 
Companies in which he/she is a director.
For this purpose, Membership/Chairmanship in Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
[[PAGE 38]]
70 71
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Committee are considered. Further no person has been appointed or continues as an alternate director for 
an Independent Director of the Company.
The Company’s Board comprises eminent professionals having sound knowledge, and relevant expertise 
and experience, in the areas of finance, legal, advertising, sales, marketing, technology, human resources, 
and general business management.
Attendance at the Board Meetings & the last Annual General Meeting (AGM), Directorship in 
other Companies and other Board Committee Chairmanship/Memberships:
Name of 
Director & 
(DIN)
Category of 
Directorship
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
Attended 
during FY 
2024 - 25
Whether 
attended 
last AGM 
held on 
11.09.2024 
(Yes/ No)
Number of 
Directorship 
in other Public 
Companies**
Directorship in 
other listed entity 
and the category 
of Directorship
Number of Committee positions 
held in Public Companies@
Chairman Member
Mr. Sukrit 
Bharati
(DIN 
03638084)
Chairman & 
Managing 
Director
(Executive)
11 Yes 0 0 0 0
Ms. Ila Bhat*
(DIN 
10605053)
Independent 
Director
(Non-
Executive)
8 Yes 0 0 0 0
Ms. Ziral 
Soni
(DIN 
09213763)
Independent 
Director
(Non-
Executive)
8 Yes 1 0
Ms. Drashti 
Solanki
(DIN 
10136197)
Independent 
Director
(Non-
Executive)
11 Yes 3 Chavda Infra 
Limited: 
Independent 
Director
1 1
Mr. Vishrut 
Bharati
(DIN 
06818457)
Non-
Executive 
Non- 
Independent
9 No 0 0 0 0
Mr. Abhinav 
Mahajan
(DIN 
06926238)
Executive 11 No 0 0 0 0
** This includes Directorships and alternate Directorships held in other Public Limited Companies 
excluding directorships in Private, Foreign, One-Person Companies and Companies under Section 8 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
@ This covers Membership/Chairmanship of ‘Audit Committee’ and ‘Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee’ in all Public Limited Companies (including Automotive Stampings and Assemblies 
Limited) as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of Listing Regulations.
* Ms. Ila Bhat appointed as Director of the Company in the meeting held on April 29, 2024.
Details about Directors seeking appointment/reappointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting 
are given separately in this report along with Notice convening the said Meeting.
Board Meetings and Procedure:
The internal guidelines for Board/Committee meetings facilitate the decision-making process at the 
meetings of the Board/Committees in an informed and efficient manner. Board Meetings are governed 
by structured agenda. All major agenda items are backed by comprehensive background information to 
enable the Board to take informed decisions. 
The Company Secretary in consultation with the Senior Management prepares the detailed agenda for the 
meetings. Agenda papers and Notes on Agenda are circulated to the Directors, in advance, in the defined 
Agenda format. All material information is being circulated along with Agenda papers for facilitating 
meaningful and focused discussions at the meeting. 
Where it is not practicable to attach any document to the agenda, the same is tabled before the meeting 
with specific reference to this effect in the agenda. In special and exceptional circumstances, additional or 
supplementary item(s) on the agenda are permitted. 
In order to transact some urgent business, which may come up after circulation agenda papers, the same 
is placed before the Board by way of Table Agenda or Chairman’s Agenda. 
Minimum 4 Board meetings are held every year. Apart from the above, additional Board meetings are 
convened by giving appropriate notice to address the specific needs of the Company. The meetings are 
usually held at the Company’s Registered Office at Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, 422007 or through video 
conferencing mode.
The required information as enumerated in Part A of Schedule II to SEBI Listing Regulations is made 
available to the Board of Directors for discussions and consideration at every Board Meetings. The Board 
periodically reviews compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company as required under Regula-
tion 17(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The important decisions taken at the Board/Committee meetings are communicated to departments con-
cerned promptly. Action taken report on the decisions taken at the meeting(s) is placed at the immediately 
succeeding meeting of the Board/Committee for noting by the Board/Committee.
During the year, the Board of Directors accepted all recommendations of the Committees of the Board, 
which were statutory in nature and required to be recommended by the Committee and approved by the 
Board of Directors. Hence, the Company is in compliance of condition of clause 10(j) of Schedule V of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 • Number of Board Meetings:
During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Board of Directors of your Company met 11 times and the gap 
[[PAGE 39]]
72 73
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
between two Board Meetings did not exceed 120 days. The meetings were held on April 02, 2024, April 
23, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 28, 2024, June 03, 2024, June 21, 2024, August 20, 2024, September 23, 
2024, November 11, 2024, March 01, 2025 and March 27, 2025
Directors with material pecuniary or business relationship with the Company:
The Company did not have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Non-Executive 
and/ or Independent Directors during the financial year 2024-25.
Confirmation on independence of Independent Directors:
Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors as defined under Section 149(6) of the Act and Reg-
ulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. The maximum tenure of the Independent Directors is in com-
pliance with the Act. Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board of 
Directors has confirmed that:
a) They meet the criteria of independence and fulfil the conditions specified in Listing Regulations and 
Section 149 of the Act and are independent of the management.
b) They are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, 
that could impair or impact their ability to discharge duties with an objective independent judgment 
and without any external influence in terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations.
c) Not being a director in more than 10 (Ten) Public Companies (to a limit of 7 (Seven) Listed Compa-
nies) and 10 (Ten) Private Companies, aggregating to not more than 20 (Twenty) Companies. Further, 
confirmation has been received from Independent Directors to adhere to this requirement for FY 
2025-26 as well.
d) They have complied with the requirement of inclusion of their name in the Data Bank maintained by 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs as envisaged under Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019 and they hold valid registration certificate with the Data 
Bank of Independent Directors.
The Board confirms that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in Section 149 of the Act 
and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the Listing Regulations and are independent of the management.
During the year under review no Independent Director has resigned before the expiry of his/her tenure.
The following is the list of core skills/expertise/competencies identified by the Board of Directors 
as required in the context of its business(es) and sector(s) for the Company to function effectively, 
those actually available with the Board and the names of Directors who have such Skills / Expertise 
/ Competence:
Areas of skills / expertise Mr. Sukrit 
Bharati
Ms. Ila 
Bhat
Ms. Ziral 
Soni
Ms. 
Drashti 
Solanki
Mr. 
Vishrut 
Bharati
Mr. Abhinav 
Mahajan
Knowledge and understanding of the 
Company’s Business, Policies, And 
Culture (Including Its Mission, Vision, 
Values, Goals, Current Strategic Plan, 
Governance Structure, Major Risks and 
Threats and Potential Opportunities) and 
also knowledge of the industry in which 
the Company operates
☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑
Proficiency in financial accounting and 
reporting, corporate finance and internal 
controls, corporate funding and associat -
ed risks
☑ -- ☑ ☑ -- --
Knowledge and experience of best prac-
tices in governance structures, estab-
lishing risk and legal compliance frame -
works, identifying and monitoring key 
risks.
-- -- ☑ ☑ -- --
A strong understanding of innovation 
and technology, and the development and 
implementation of initiatives to enhance 
production
☑ ☑ -- -- ☑ ☑
Strategic thinking and decision making
☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑ ☑
 • Code of Conduct for Board & Senior Management Personnel
Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Board Members & Senior Management Personnel 
and the declaration from the Managing Director, stating that all the Directors and the Senior Management 
Personnel of your Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct has been included in this 
Report. The Code has been posted on your Company’s website at www.voepl.com.
Profile of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment: 
The brief profile and other information of the director’s seeking appointment/re-appointment is provided 
in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.
Detailed reasons for the resignation of an independent director:
During the year under review and there after till date no Independent Director has resigned.
 • Performance Evaluation:
The Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees, 
Chairman and individual directors. The criteria for performance evaluation of the Board included aspects 
like quality of Board meeting and procedure, information and functioning, strategic plans and policies etc. 
The criteria for performance evaluation of committees of the Board included aspects like functions and 
duties, committee meeting and procedures, management relation etc. 
The criteria for performance evaluation of the Chairman included his role, managing relationship and 
leadership. 
The criteria for performance evaluation of individual directors included participation and contribution in 
the Board/Committee meetings, managing relationship, knowledge & skills etc. 
The performance evaluation of the Board and the individual directors was evaluated by the Board seeking 
inputs from all the Directors. The performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board seeking 
inputs from the committee members.
The performance of non-independent directors was reviewed in the separate meeting of Independent 
Directors. During the year, a meeting of Independent Directors was held on March 27, 2025 to review the 
performance of the Board as a whole on parameters of effectiveness and to assess the quality, quantity and 
[[PAGE 40]]
74 75
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
timeliness of the flow of information between the management and the Board.
Mrs. Ziral Soni, Chairman of the Meeting presented the views of the Independent Directors on matter 
relating to Board processes and overall affairs of the Company to the full Board. All the two Independent 
Directors were present in the meeting.
Familiarization programs for Independent Directors
The Board familiarization program comprises of the following: -
 • Induction program for new Independent Directors;
 • Presentation on business and functional issues;
 • Updating of business, branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor relations 
matters.
All new Independent Directors are taken through a detailed induction and familiarization program when 
they join the Board of your Company. The induction program is an exhaustive one that covers the history 
and culture of your company, background of the Company and its growth over the decades, various 
milestones in the Company’s existence since its incorporation, the present structure and an overview of 
the businesses and functions.
Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and responsibilities in the Company as well 
as with the nature of industry and business model of the Company by providing various presentations 
at Board/ Committee meetings from time to time. These presentations provide a good understanding 
of the business to the Independent Directors which covers various functions of the Company and also 
an opportunity for the Board to interact with the next level of management. There are opportunities for 
Independent Directors to interact amongst themselves.
Apart from the above, the Directors are also given an update on the environmental and social impact of 
the business, branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor relations matters. 
The details of the Familiarization Programme have been uploaded on the Company’s website at: https://
www.voepl.com/company-policies
Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se
Following relationships exist between executive and non-executive directors – 
Executive Director Non-executive director Relationship
Sukrit Bharati Vishrut Bharati Brother
None of the Independent Directors are related to each other or with any other executive directors.
 • CODE OF CONDUCT
Company had published a comprehensive code of conduct for its Board members, employees of the 
company and business partners that requires strict adherence to its corporate values while delivering a 
world-class customer experience. 
All the members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the code 
of conduct as on March 31, 2025. The Company’s Code of Conduct is available on the website of the 
Company under the weblink at: https://www.voepl.com/investors.
 • Board Diversity:
The Board ensures that a transparent Board nomination process is in place that encourages diversity 
of thought, experience, knowledge, perspective, age and gender. It is ensured that the Board has an 
appropriate blend of functional and industry expertise.
 • BOARD COMMITTEES
Audit Committee:
The Audit Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the requirements of Section 177 
of the Companies Act 2013 and regulation 18 of SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Audit 
Committee is an Independent Director and two-thirds of the members of the Audit Committee are 
Independent Directors. During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Committee met 7 times on April 05, 2024, 
May 28, 2024, August 20, 2024, September 23, 2024, November 14, 2024, Feb 28, 2025, March 27, 2025.
The composition of the Audit Committee as on March 31, 2025 and the attendance of the members in the 
meetings held during the Financial Year 2024-25 are as follows:
Name of the Member Designation No. of Meetings attended
Ms. Drashti Solanki Chairperson - Independent Director 7
Mr. Ziral Soni Independent Director 6
Ms. Ila Bhat Independent Director 5
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director 7
All the Members are financially literate and 2 (Two) Members have accounting or financial management 
related expertise. The Committee is governed by a Charter which is in line with the regulatory require -
ments mandated by the Act and Listing Regulations. The Audit Committee meetings are attended by the 
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The representatives of Statutory Auditors and 
Internal Auditors are permanent invitees to the Audit Committee meetings. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee. The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at 
the 9th Annual General Meeting held on September 11, 2024.
Terms of Reference:
The broad terms of reference of the Audit Committee include the following as has been mandated in Sec-
tion 177 of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations:
 • Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information 
to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.
 • Recommending to the Board, the appointment, re-appointment and, if required, the replacement or 
removal of the statutory auditor and the fixation of audit fees.
 • Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors.
[[PAGE 41]]
76 77
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 • Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements before submission to the board for 
approval, with particular reference to:
 • Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s 
report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
 • Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
 • Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
 • Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
 • Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
 • Disclosure of any related party transactions;
 • Qualifications in the draft audit report.
 • Reviewing, with the management, the half yearly financial statements before submission to the board 
for approval.
 • Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue 
(public issue, right issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other 
than those stated in the offer document/Draft Prospectus/ Prospectus /notice and the report submitted 
by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making 
appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter.
 • Review and monitor the auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of audit process.
 • Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
 • Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
 • Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, wherever it is necessary;
 • Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
 • Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the 
internal control systems
 • Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit.
 • Discussion with internal auditors any significant findings and follow up there on.
 • Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there 
is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and 
reporting the matter to the board.
 • Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as 
well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
 • To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.
 • To oversee and review the functioning of the vigil mechanism which shall provide for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of employees and directors who avail of the vigil mechanism and also 
provide for direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in appropriate and exceptional 
cases.
 • Call for comments of the auditors about internal control systems, scope of audit including the 
observations of the auditor and review of the financial statements before submission to the Board;
 • Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the whole-time Finance Director or any other person heading 
the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience & 
background, etc. of the candidate.
 • To investigate any other matters referred to by the Board of Directors;
 • Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders.
 • Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
and/or is mandated by the Board from time to time and/or enforced by any statutory notification, 
amendment or modification, as may be applicable.
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:
a) Management discussion and analysis of financial information and results of operations;
b) Statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the Audit Committee), submitted by 
the management;
c) Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
d) Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and
e) The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be subject to 
review by the Audit Committee.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee:
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the requirements 
of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Committee 
is an Independent Director. During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Committee met 2 times on May 28, 
2024, Sep 23, 2024.
The composition of the Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee as on March 31, 2025 and the attendance 
of the members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2024-25 are as follows:
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended
Ms. Ziral Soni Independent Director - Chairperson 2
Ms. Ila Bhat Independent Director 2
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director 2
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan Executive Director 2
The Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee includes the matters specified under 
Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 as well as Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013.
The Committee looks into investor complaints if any and redresses the same expeditiously. Besides, the 
committee approves allotment, transfer & transmission of shares, debentures, any new certificates on split 
\ consolidation \ renewal etc. as may be referred to it by the Board of Directors. In addition, the committee 
also looks into compliance with stock exchange Listing Regulations and circulation of shareholder and 
general public interest information through proper media and stock exchanges from time to time. This 
Committee looks into all aspects related to Shares, Bonds Securities and retail investors. The committee 
also looks after the dematerialization process of equity shares. 
[[PAGE 42]]
78 79
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Other function roles duties powers etc. have been clearly defined in line with the Regulation 20 of the 
Listing Regulations and kept flexible for medication by the Board from time to time.
The details of Shareholders Complaints / Grievances received so far, resolved and pending during the 
Financial Year 2024-25 are as follows:
Opening Balance Received during 
year
Resolved during 
year
Pending/ closing 
balance
Not solved to the satisfaction 
of Shareholders
0 0 0 0 0
Pursuant to notification number LIST/COMP/15/18-19 dated July 05, 2018 issued by SEBI transfer 
of securities held in physical form has not been permitted after March 31, 2019. However, there is no 
restriction on Transmissions/Transposition of securities held in physical form. The Share Transmissions/
Transposition approved by the Committee are placed at the Board meetings from time to time. The 
Company attends to the Investor correspondence promptly. There were no pending share transmissions/ 
transposition as on March 31, 2025.
Name and Designation of Compliance Officer and Nodal Officer for IEPF Compliances:
Name of the Company Secretary and the Compliance 
Officer, Nodal Officer for IEPF Compliances
Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni (till July 04, 2025) 
Mr. Prasad Zinjurde (w.e.f. August 14, 2025)
Address P No 7, MIDC Satpur, Nashik 422007
Email Id cs@voepl.com
Contact No. 0253-2309016
Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the 
requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of 
the Committee is an Independent Director.
During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Committee met 3 times on April 29, 2025, August 20, 2025, 
February 28, 2025
The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as on March 31, 2025 and the attendance 
of the members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2024-25 are as follows:
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended
Ms. Ila Bhat Independent Director - Chairperson 2
Mrs. Ziral Soni Independent Director 2
Ms. Drashti Solanki Independent Director 3
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director 1
Mr. Vishrut Bharati Non-Executive Non-Independent Director 1
The Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee include the matters specified 
under Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 as well as Section 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013.
 • formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a 
director and recommend to the board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the directors, 
key managerial personnel and other employees;
 • formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;
 • devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;
 • identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of directors their 
appointment and removal. 
 • whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent directors, on the basis of the 
report of performance evaluation of independent directors.
 • carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and / or enforced by any 
statutory notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable.
 • perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.
Remuneration Policy:
The remuneration policy of the Company is directed towards rewarding performance, based on review 
of achievements on a periodic basis. The Company endeavors to attract, retain, develop and motivate 
the high-caliber executives and to incentivize them to develop and implement the Companies Strategy, 
thereby enhancing the business value and maintain a high-performance workforce. The policy ensures 
that the level and composition of remuneration of the Directors is optimum. 
The Remuneration policy is also placed on the website of the Company can be accessed at www.voepl.in
Remuneration to Directors:
Details of remuneration and sitting fees paid or provided to all the directors during the year ended March 
31, 2025 are as under:
Name of Director Salary & Perquisites Sitting Fees Commission Total
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 36,00,000 - - 36,00,000
Mr. Vishrut Bharati Nil - - Nil 
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan 18,00.000 - 18,00,000
Ms. Ila Bhat - 2,20,000 - 2,20,000
Mr. Ziral Soni - 60,000 - 60,000
Ms. Drashti Solanki - 78,000 - 78000
There were no pecuniary relationship or transactions of the non-executive director’s vis a vis the Company. 
Non-Executive Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for attending the Board and Committee 
Meetings. 
Role of Non-Executive/Independent Directors of the Company is not just restricted to corporate governance 
or outlook of the Company, but they also bring with them significant professional expertise and rich 
experience across the wide spectrum of functional areas. The Company seeks their expert advice on 
[[PAGE 43]]
80 81
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
various matters from time to time. Hence, the compensation to the non-executive/independent directors 
is recommended.
The Company pays remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and allowances (fixed component), incen-
tive remuneration and/or commission (variable components) to its Executive Directors within the limits 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and approved by the shareholders.
There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees under the resolutions governing the appoint-
ment of Chairman and Managing Director. 
The Company has not granted stock options to the Employees of the Company as on March 31, 2025.
The aforesaid Executive Director, so long as they function as such shall not be entitled to any sitting fees 
for attending any meetings of Board or Committees thereof. 
The Shareholding of Directors as on March 31, 2025 is as under:
Sr. No. Name of Director Shareholding Percentage
1 Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,52,57,059 51.74%
2 Mr. Vishrut Bharati 2,43,333 0.83%
3 Mr. Abhinav Mahajan Nil -
4 Mrs. Ziral Soni Nil -
5 Ms. Ila Bhat Nil -
6 Ms. Drashti Solanki Nil -
CSR Committee of the Board:
The Company has Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR) of the Board in compliance with the 
requirements of Section 135 of the Act. During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Committee met 3 times on 
May 28, 2024 and November 14, 2024.
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director - Chairperson 2
Ms. Drashti Solanki Independent Director 2
Ms. Ila Bhat Independent Director 2
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan Executive Director 2
The role of the Committee includes the following:
1. To formulate and recommend to the Board, the CSR Policy to be undertaken by the Company;
2. To recommend the Annual Action Plan for expenditure to be incurred on the CSR activities;
3. To monitor implementation of CSR activities in terms of CSR Policy;
4. To monitor compliance requirements of the Act and Rules made there under w.r.t. CSR;
5. To oversee the Company’s conduct with regard to its corporate and societal obligations and its 
reputation as a responsible corporate citizen;
6. To oversee activities impacting the CSR projects;
7. To monitor the CSR policy and expenditure of the material subsidiaries;
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS:
Details of AGM/EOGM/Postal Ballots held during the last 3 financial years:
AGM for the FY Date and Time Venue No. special resolutions 
passed
Details of Special 
Resolutions passed
2023-24 Sep 11, 2024 Through video 
conferencing mode
0 NIL
2022-23 Sep 23, 2023 Through video 
conferencing mode
1 To appoint Ms. Drashti 
Laxmikant Solanki 
(DIN: 10136197) as an 
Independent Director
Postal Ballot in 
the Financial 
Year
Date of Postal 
Ballot notice 
date
Details of Special 
Resolutions passed Voting & Result Scrutinizer
2024-25 April 02, 2024 Migration of 
Equity Shares 
of the Company 
from BSE SME 
(SME platform of 
BSE) to the Main 
Board of BSE
In favour
Against
Result
15755876
0
Pass
CS Vishal Thawani CP 
No. 17377
(M/s. Vishal Thawani & 
Associates, Practising 
Company Secretary)
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:
 • The Quarterly, Half-Yearly and Annual Results are published in English News Paper and Regional 
language Newspaper as required under the Regulation 47 of Listing Regulations.
 • The financial results are also posted on the Company’s website: https://www.voepl.com/notices-
announcements
 • Management Discussion and Analysis has been covered in the Board’s Report.
 • The Company also displays official news releases, ratings and presentations, if any, made to institutional 
investors or the analysts on the Company’s website: www.autostampings.com and websites of BSE.
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
AGM: Day, Date, Time and Venue Sunday, September 28, 2025 at 11.00 a.m. 
(IST)
Through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OA VM”)
Financial Year April 1st to March 31st 
Profile of Directors being re-appointed Profile and the additional information required 
under Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations in 
respect of Director eligible for re-appointment 
is as under:
[[PAGE 44]]
82 83
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name and DIN Mr. Abhinav Mahajan (DIN: 06926238)
Date of Birth and Age 29/07/1989 (36 Years)
Date of Appointment / Reappointment 29/05/2023
Qualifications Bachelor of Engineering (Honors) 
Manufacturing and Master of Science)
Expertise in specific functional areas Mr. Abhinav, has completed his B Engineering 
(Honors) manufacturing and Master of Science 
(Technology). Engineering Technology from 
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, 
Pilani. He started his career as Business 
Consultant with ZS Associates India Pvt. 
Ltd., with a track a record of working with 
more than 7 fortune 500 companies in the 
pharmaceuticals domain.
Directorships in Companies (excluding foreign and Section 8 
Companies) as on March 31, 2025
Helfis Technologies Pvt Ltd
Agsure Innovations Pvt Ltd
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Virtuoso Polymers Pvt Ltd
Chairmanship / Membership of specified Committees of the 
Boards of above Companies as on March 31, 2025
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited – 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Shareholding in the Company NIL
* Membership/Chairmanship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan and his relatives do not hold any shares in the Company and is not related with 
other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
It is further affirmed that, based on information available with us Mr. Abhinav Mahajan is not debarred 
from holding the Office of Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or any other authority.
Financial Calendar for the financial year 2025-26: 1. First Quarter Results – Before August 14, 
2025;
2. Half yearly Results – Before November 
14, 2025;
3. Third Quarter Results – Before February 
14, 2026;
4. Results for the year ending March 31, 
2026 – Before end of May 30, 2026
Dividend Payment Date: The Board of Directors has not recommended 
a dividend in F.Y . 2024-25
Cut-off Date: Sunday, September 21,2025
BSE Limited: Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001
Annual Listing Fees of the Exchanges for FY 2025-
26:
Company has paid Listing fees for FY 2025-
26.
Stock Code: 543597
Demat ISIN Number for NSDL & CDSL INE0I0T01010
Suspension of Securities, if Any: NIL
Registrar and Transfer Agents: Cameo Corporate Services Limited
Subramanian Building No. 1, Club House 
Road, 
Chennai-600 002
Phone :   44-28460390
Fax :   44-40020700 
Email 
:   investor@cameoindia.com
Share Transfer System: All transfers of shares held in physical form 
are dealt by our Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agents. The transfers which are complete in all 
respects are taken up for approval at least once 
in a fortnight and the transferred securities 
dispatched to the transferee within 21 days. 
Depositories control share transfers in Demat 
Mode. The Company obtains from a Company 
Secretary in Practice half yearly certificate 
of compliance in respect of compliance with 
share transfer formalities as required under 
Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations 
with Stock Exchanges and files a copy of the 
certificate with the stock exchanges.
The distribution of Shareholding and Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2025:
Shareholding of 
Nominal Shares Shareholders % of Total Total Shares % of Total
1 To 5000 3119 92.60 3389626 11.49
5001 To 10000 105 3.11 790218 2.67
10001 To 20000 51 1.51 731147 2.47
20001 To 30000 18 0.53 459070 1.55
30001 To 40000 15 0.44 539459 1.82
40001 To 50000 11 0.32 529500 1.79
50001-100000 25 0.74 1924344 6.52
100001 and Above 24 0.71 21125392 71.63
TOTAL 3368* 100 29488756 100
* This number is before the merging of PANs of same shareholder
Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2025:
Sr. No. Category of Shareholders. No. of Shares held
Promoters, Directors, Relatives and Associates. 1,58,32,236
[[PAGE 45]]
84 85
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Public - Institutions
1 AIF 68,000
2 Institutions (Foreign) 4,84,500
3 NRI’s & Body Corporate 21,81,148
Public - non-institution
4 Resident Individuals 1,01,25,069
7 HUF/LLP/Trusts 7,97,803
8 Clearing Members (NSDL+CDSL) 0
Total 2,94,88,756
The status of dematerialization of shares as on March 31, 2025 is as under:
On March 31, 2024, no shares of Company were held in physical form. The Promoters & Promoters-group 
shareholding was also fully dematerialized. The aggregate dematerialized shareholding of the Company stood 
at 100%. Brief position of Company’s dematerialized shares is given below:
S. No. Description Shares % holding
1 NSDL 19684586 66.7529
2 CDSL 3154070 10.6958
3 PHYSICAL 6650100 22.5513
TOTAL 29488756 100
Outstanding Global Depository Receipts or American Depository Receipts or Warrants or Any Other 
Convertible Instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity:
As on March 31, 2025, there are no such outstanding Global Depository Receipts or American Depository 
Receipts or Warrants or Any Other Convertible Instruments.
Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities:
During the year under review, Company was not engaged in any hedging activities.
Plant Locations:
Plant Address
1 64-B-1 MIDC Area Satpur Nashik 422007
2 602/2, Near Ozar Airport, Janori, Tal Dindori, Dist- Nashik 422206
3 206/A, 206/B, Ambe Hills, At post Jaulke, Tal- Dindori Nashik 422207
4 181/1, Dhanori, Jaulke Nashik, 422206
5 7, MIDC Trimbak Road Nashik 422007
6 97/2, Shed No 1,2, and 3, Mumbai Agra Road, Vilholi, Nashik-422010
7 182/B-1, Wadivarhe, Nashik Mumbai Agra Highway, Tal-Igatpuri, Dist Nashik 
422403
8 Gat No. 38,39 & 40, Janori-Mohadi Road, Village- Mohadi, Tal Dindori, Dist 
Nashik 422206
Address for correspondence:
Shareholders correspondence should be addressed to our Registrars and Share Transfer Agents at the 
address mentioned above. Shareholders may also contact the Company Secretary at the Registered Office 
of the Company for any assistance: “Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik 422007”. The Company Secretary 
has designated Email ID: cs@voepl.com for investors’ correspondence and redressal of their grievances and 
complaints.
Shareholders holding shares in electronic mode should address all their correspondence relating to Change of 
Address, Change in Bank Mandate for NECS etc. to their respective Depository Participant.
List of all Credit Ratings obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant 
financial year, for all debt instruments of such entity or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme or 
proposal of the listed entity involving mobilization of funds, whether in India or abroad:
Ratings/ Revisions obtained by the Company from CRISIL ratings has been communicated to Stock Exchanges 
and uploaded on the website www.autostampings.com from time to time. Since the Company do not have any 
debt instruments, or fixed deposit programme, or any scheme or proposal involving mobilisation of funds 
whether in India or abroad, obtaining rating for the same is not applicable.
MD & CFO CERTIFICATION:
A Certificate by Mr. Sukrit Bharati, Managing Director and Mr. Sajid Shaikh, Chief Financial Officer, in terms 
of Regulation 17(8) of Listing Regulations was placed before the Board at its Meeting held on August 14, 
2025.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
a) Disclosures on materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict with 
the interest of company at large: 
Details of transactions with the related parties as specified in Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS 24) 
have been reported in the Financial Statements. There was no transaction of a material nature with any of 
the related parties which was in conflict with the interest of the Company.
b) Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties, strictures imposed on the Company by Stock 
Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets during the 
last three years:
There was no such instance in the last three years.
c) Details of establishment of vigil mechanism, Whistle-blower policy and affirmation that no personnel 
have been denied access to the Audit Committee:
Please refer note on establishment of Vigil Mechanism, Whistle-Blower Policy provided in this report.
d) Details of compliance with the mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory 
requirements:
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements and has not adopted non-mandatory 
requirements.
[[PAGE 46]]
86 87
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
e) Various policies of the Company
The Company in compliance with Listing Regulations has adopted a 
1. Policy on Determination of Materiality for Disclosure of Events or Information
2. Policy on Determining Material Subsidiary
3. Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions
4. Policy on preservation of documents
The same has been posted on the website of the Company: www.voepl.com as required under the Listing 
Regulations. 
f) Commodity price risk and Commodity hedging activities: NIL
g) Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement 
as specified under Regulation 32(7A):
During the year under review, the Company raised Rs. 1,69,64,40,510/- through preferential allotment. As 
on July 31, 2025 the company has utilised 100% of funds raised.
h) The Company has obtained certificate from CS Vishal Thawani, Practicing Company Secretary 
confirming that none of the Directors of the Company is debarred or disqualified by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such authority from being appointed 
or continuing as Director of the Company and the same is also attached to this Report. 
i) During the year, the Board of Directors accepted all recommendations of the Committees of the 
Board, which were statutory in nature and required to be recommended by the Committee and 
approved by the Board of Directors.
j) Total fees for all services paid / payable by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, 
to the Statutory Auditors and all entities in the network firm/network entity of which the Statutory 
Auditors is a part:
(Rs. in Lakh)
Particulars FY 2024-25
Statutory Audit and Limited Review 15,00,000
Other Services including reimbursement of expenses 0
TOTAL 15,00,000
Note: The above fees are exclusive of applicable tax.
k) Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Number of complaints filed during 
the financial year 2024-25
Number of complaints disposed of 
during the financial year 2024-25
Number of complaints pending as on 
end of the financial year 2024-25
NIL NIL NIL
l) Loans and Advances in the nature of Loan to firm/companies in which directors are interested:
During the year under review Company has extended ICD of Rs. 8.80 Cr. to Virtuoso Polymers Limited 
(subsidiary of the Company) 
m) Details of material subsidiaries of the company including the Date and Place of Incorporation and 
the Name and Date of Appointment of The Statutory Auditors of Such Subsidiaries: NIL
n) Non-compliance of any requirement of Corporate Governance Report of sub-para (2) to (10) of 
Schedule V (c) of the Listing Regulations:
There is no Non-compliance of any requirement of Corporate Governance Report of sub-para (2) to (10) of 
Schedule V (c) of the Listing Regulations.
o) Extent to which the discretionary requirements specified in Part E of Schedule II of the Listing Reg-
ulations have been adopted: NIL
p) Disclosure of compliance with Corporate Governance requirements as specified in Listing Regula-
tions: Please refer clause d.
q) Compliance   certificate   from   either   the   auditors   or   practicing   company secretaries regard-
ing compliance of conditions of corporate governance shall be annexed with the directors’ report. 
Annexed herewith
r) Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account: NIL
s) Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding the company pursuant to clause 5A of paragraph 
A of Part A of Schedule III Listing Regulations:
During the year, no information was required to be disclosed by the Company under clause 5A of Para A 
of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations. None of the Shareholders, Promoters, Promoter Group 
Entities, Related Parties, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Employees of the Company or of its 
Holding Company have submitted any information as specified under Regulation 30A of the Listing Regu-
lations. All the Directors of the Company and the members of the Senior Management have confirmed that 
they are not aware of any agreement entered into by any Shareholders, Promoters, Promoter Group Enti -
ties, Related Parties, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or Employees of the Company or of its Holding 
Company, among themselves or with the Company or with a third party, Solely or Jointly, Which, Either 
Directly or Indirectly or Potentially or whose purpose and effect is to, Impact the Management or Control 
of the Company, or Impose any Restriction or Create any Liability upon the Company other than in the 
Normal Course of Business, whether or not the Company is a party to such agreements. Accordingly, the 
disclosure required under Regulation 30 A (2) of the Listing Regulations, on the website of the Company 
and in the Annual Report is not applicable to the Company.
[[PAGE 47]]
88 89
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
DECLARATION
I, Sukrit Bharati, Managing Director of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited, hereby declare that all the members 
of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of 
Conduct applicable to them for the year ended March 31, 2025.
Place: Nashik
Date: August 14,2025
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Managing Director
DIN:03638084
Compliance Certificate on Corporate Governance
To, 
The Members
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
I have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated in applicable regulations 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, pursuant 
to the Listing Agreement of the Company with stock exchange.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. My 
examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for 
ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an 
expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me, I 
certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in 
applicable regulations of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended.
I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor 
the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Prachi Bansal & Associates
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS Prachi Bansal
Membership No. A43355
C.P. No. 23670
Peer Review No. I2020hr2093500
Date: August 14, 2025
Place: Faridabad
UDIN: A043355G001014171
[[PAGE 48]]
90 91
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Certificate on Non-disqualification of Directors
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the 
Directors of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (CIN: L74999MH2015PLC268355) and having registered 
office at P NO. 7 MIDC Satpur, Nashik, Maharashtra – 422007 (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”), 
produced before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with 
Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub Clause 10 (i) of the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. In my opinion and to the 
best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me 
by the Company and its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company 
as stated below for the Financial year ending on 31 st March, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
S r . 
No. Name of Director DIN Date of Appointment in Company
1 Sukrit Bharati 03638084 11/09/2015
2 Vishrut Bharati Arvind 06818457 11/09/2015
3 Abhinav 06926238 29/05/2023
4 Ziral Soni 09213763 31/01/2023
5 Drashti Laxmikant Solanki 10136197 29/05/2023
6 Ila S Bhat 10605053 29/04/2024
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility 
of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my 
verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
For Vishal Thawani & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries 
Sd/-
CS Vishal Thawani
Proprietor
ACS: 43938
COP: 17377      Place: Ahmedabad
UDIN: A043938G001014050    Date: August 14, 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (the “Company”) which 
comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, and the Cash Flow Statement for the year then 
ended, and Notes to the standalone financial statements, including summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a 
true and fair view in conformity with the accounting standards and accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of 
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025, its profit and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’ s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with 
the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules there under, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone 
financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be key audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled the 
responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements section of our report, 
including relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material mis-
statement of the standalone financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address 
the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying standalone financial statements.
[[PAGE 49]]
92 93
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Other Information
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Company’s Annual Report, but does not include the standalone financial statements and our auditor’s report(s) 
thereon. The Company’s annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, and cash 
flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Accounting Standards 
(AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accor-
dance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are rea-
sonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view  and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements in place and the oper-
ating effectiveness of such controls.
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Revenue Recognition from Sales
Revenue is measured net of returns, discounts 
and rate difference on the Company’s sales.
Revenue is recognized when the control of 
the underlying products has been transferred 
to the customer. Accuracy of revenues, 
onerous obligations and profits may deviate 
significantly on account of change in 
judgements and estimates.
Considering the variability of assumptions 
involved in estimation of revenues, the same 
has been considered as a Key Audit Matter.
Our audit procedures included the following:
• Assessing the appropriateness of the revenue recognition 
accounting policies, including those relating to sales 
returns, discounts and rate difference.
• Performing substantive testing (including year- end cutoff 
testing) by selecting samples of revenue transactions 
recorded during the year by verifying the underlying 
documents, which included sales invoices / e-invoice, etc.
• For sample customers, obtained and assessed the 
arrangements with the Company and impact on revenue 
recognition including their payment terms and right to 
returns.
• For sample customer balances, obtained direct 
confirmation and tested the reconciliations, if any.
Revenue Recognition from Government Grants
The Company’s revenues include revenue 
from government grants amounting to INR 
975.24 Lakhs, disclosed under Note 22 
‘Revenue from Operations’
As per AS 12 “Accounting for Government 
Grant”, Government grants available to the 
enterprise are considered for inclusion in 
accounts:
(i) where there is reasonable assurance that 
the enterprise will comply with the conditions 
attached to them; and
(ii) where such benefits have been earned by 
the enterprise and it is reasonably certain that 
the ultimate collection will be made.
Our audit procedures included:
• We evaluated the recognition and measurement principles 
of sanctioning grants under the PLI Scheme and State 
Electronics Policy, ensuring compliance with accounting 
standards. This included assessing revenue recognition 
conditions and the proper allocation of incentives over the 
performance period.
• We verified the company’s compliance with PLI scheme 
eligibility criteria and performance obligations, ensuring 
documentation supported eligibility and annual cap of 
incentives.
• We assessed the adequacy of disclosure regarding PLI and 
IPS incentives in the financial statements and compliance 
with reporting requirements outlined by regulatory 
authorities.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are held at the lower of landed cost 
and net realizable value (NRV).
Due to high volume and nature of products, 
the company is dealing with and the absence 
of adequate records, valuation of inventory 
may be misstated.
Also NRV is being based on the assumptions/
judgment of the management. Inappropriate 
assumptions of NRV can impact the assessment 
of the carrying value of inventories.
Our audit procedures included:
• Assessing the appropriateness of the inventory valuation 
method followed by the management and by comparing 
with applicable AS.
• Performing substantive testing (including year – end cut 
off testing) by selecting samples of inward and outward 
movement of inventory during the year by verifying the 
underlying documents, which included sales invoices / 
purchase invoice and bill of entry.
• Evaluating the design and implementation of the 
Company’s internal controls over the Landed Cost of 
Inventory and Net Realizable Value (NRV) assessment.
• Considered the valuation certificate provided by the 
management and stock statements submitted to the banks.
We have determined that there are no other Key Audit Matters to communicate in our report.
[[PAGE 50]]
94 95
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(g) In our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2025 has been paid / provided by the Com-
pany to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act;
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
i. The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position in its standalone finan-
cial statements;
ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses;
iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company during the year ended March 31, 2025;
iv. (a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Benefi-
ciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been received by the 
Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
(c) Based on such audit procedures performed that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circum -
stances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (a) and 
(b) contain any material misstatement.
v. The Company has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year.
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software’s for maintaining 
its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software’s. Fur-
ther, during the course of our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with 
in respect of the Company’s accounting software where the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the audit trail 
for the previous year has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention, to 
the extent it was enabled.
 
For Jain Chhajed & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 25121597BMIFYY5625
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related dis -
closures made by the Management and Board of Directors.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting 
in preparation of standalone financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncer -
tainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regard-
ing independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in ex-
tremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, and on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the Company as we consid-
ered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on 
the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books of the Company;
(c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agree-
ment with the books of account;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards (AS) specified un -
der Section 133 of the Act;
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms 
of Section 164(2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements 
of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”;
[[PAGE 51]]
96 97
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
Subsidiaries 13.10
Joint Ventures --
Associate --
Others --
(B) Loans to Subsidiary Companies
Aggregate amount of loans provided during the year
Subsidiaries 880.00
Joint Ventures --
Associate --
Others --
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
Subsidiaries 880.46
Joint Ventures --
Associate --
Others --
(b)  Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us, the Company has 
not provided security and granted loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, 
limited liability partnership or any other parties, except to subsidiary company during the year. Further, in our opinion, 
the investments made during the year and loans granted to subsidiary companies are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the 
Company’s interest.
(c) Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us, the Company 
has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other 
parties, except to subsidiary company. Accordingly, provisions of clauses 3 (iii) (c), (d), (e) and (f) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
(iv) According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the company, 
there are no loans and security in respect of which provisions of sections 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are 
applicable. Further, investments made and guarantees provided in respect of which provision of sections 185 and 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are applicable have been complied by the Company.
(v) The Company has neither accepted any deposits from the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be deposits 
within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, to the extent applicable. 
Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(v) of the order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central 
Government for the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, related to the manufacture 
of its products, and are of the opinion that prima facie, the specified accounts and records have been made and maintained. 
We have not, however, made a detailed examination of the same.
(vii) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, in our opinion amounts deducted / accrued in the books of account in respect of undisputed statutory dues 
including goods and service tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, custom duty, cess and other 
statutory dues applicable to it, have been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities. 
According to the information and explanations given to us and based on audit procedures performed by us, no 
undisputed amounts payable in respect of these statutory dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more 
than six months from the date they become payable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us, the dues of goods and services tax, provident fund, 
employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess, and 
other statutory dues have not been deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors’ Report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Virtuoso 
Optoelectronics Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
With reference to the Annexure “A” referred to in Paragraph under the heading “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements” of our report of even date:
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and the books of account and records examined 
by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i) (a)  [A] The Company has maintained reasonable records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situa-
tion of Property, Plant and Equipment.
[B] The company does not have any intangible assets; accordingly, this clause is not applicable to the Company.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has a regular program of verification to cover all the items of Property, Plant and Equipment 
during the year which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
assets. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were identified on such 
verification.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of records of Company examined by us we 
report that, the title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the company is the lessee 
and the lease agreements are duly executed in favor of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statements are held in the 
name of the company.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible 
assets or both during the year ended 31st March 2025.
(e) According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Com-
pany; there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any Benami property under the 
Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a) In our opinion and according to the information given to us, the company has maintained proper records of its invento-
ries. The inventory has been physically verified by the management during the year, in our opinion frequency of verifi-
cation is reasonable and procedures and coverage of such verification by the management is appropriate. No material 
discrepancies have been noticed on verification between physical stock and the book records that were 10% or more in 
the aggregate for each class of inventory.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records produced 
of the company and as disclosed in note 9 to the financial statements, the Company has been sanctioned working capital 
limits in excess of Rs. five crores, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current assets of the Company. 
Based on the records examined by us in the normal course of audit of the financial statements, the quarterly returns/
statements filed by the Company with such banks and financial institutions are in agreement with the books of accounts 
of the Company.
(iii) (a) According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the company, 
the Company has made investments in and granted unsecured loan (ICD) to subsidiary companies during the year, in 
respect of which the requisite information is as below. 
Particulars Amount (INR Lakhs)
(A) Investments in Subsidiary Companies
Aggregate amount of investment during the year
Subsidiaries 10.00
Joint Ventures --
Associate --
Others --
[[PAGE 52]]
98 99
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(xiii) (a) Based on information and explanations provided to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion, the Company has an 
internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
(b) We have considered the internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date for the period under audit.
(xiv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any non-
cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with its directors and hence requirement to report on clause 3(xv) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xv) (a) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, 
the requirement to report on clause (xvi)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(b) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, 
clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of India. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(d) According to the information and explanations provided to us, the Group (as per the provisions of the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) does not have any CIC as part of the Group.
(xvi) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and immediately preceding financial year.
(xvii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly, requirement to report on clause 
3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xviii) On the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in Note 43, ageing and expected dates of realization of current assets and 
payment of current liabilities, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination 
of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date 
of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that 
this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within 
a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
Also refer to the other information paragraph of our main audit report which explains that the other information comprising 
the information included in Company’s annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s 
report.
(xix) (a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under sub-
section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project other than ongoing projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the 
Order is not applicable.
(b) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under 
sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to ongoing projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(b) of the Order is not 
applicable.
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN – 25121597BMIFYY5625
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
Name of Statue Nature of Dues Forum where case is 
pending
Period to which the 
amount relates
Amount
(Rs. in Crores)
Goods and Service Tax 
Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax Commissioner of 
Appeals
2017-18 14.38
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, previously unrecorded as income in the books of 
account, in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to 
report on clause 3(viii)of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(ix) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans and borrowing or in the payment of interest thereon 
to any lender.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or 
government authority.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, and on an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, we report that no funds raised on 
short-term basis have been used for long-term purposes by the Company.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the standalone financial 
statements of the Company, we report that the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account 
of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries as defined under the Act. The Company does not hold any investment in 
any associate or joint venture (as defined under the Act) during the year ended 31st March, 2025.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the Company 
has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries (as defined under the Act). The 
Company does not hold any investment in any associate or joint venture (as defined under the Act).
(g) 
(a) The Company has not raised any moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments). 
Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has converted 31,50,000 equity warrants into corresponding equity shares during the year. 
These equity warrants were issued on preferential allotment or private placement basis. 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has utilized funds raised by 
way of preferential allotment or private placement of equity shares / equity warrants for the purposes for which they 
were raised. Also, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares (partially or 
optionally) convertible debentures during the year.
(x) (a)  Based on examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the information and explanations given 
to us, considering the principles of materiality outlined in Standards of Auditing, we report no fraud by the Company or 
on the Company has been noticed or reported during the course of our audit.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us including the representation made to us by the management 
of the Company, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 
as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, with the Central Government.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us including the representation made to us by the management 
of the Company, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year.
(xi) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, clause 3(xii) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the transactions with related parties in 
compliance with the provisions of Sections 177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related party 
transactions have been disclosed in the notes to the standalone financial statements, as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
[[PAGE 53]]
100 101
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are 
subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN – 25121597BMIFYY5625
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors’ Report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Virtuoso 
Optoelectronics Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act.
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(f) under ’Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even 
date)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (“the 
Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements 
and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31st March 2025, based on the internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of  Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”). 
Management’s Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
controls with reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing 
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to these Standalone Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
[[PAGE 54]]
102 103
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 
3 Current Assets  
 (a) Current Investments 16 3,293.75 9,033.38
 (b) Inventories 17 21,245.49 16,475.12
(c) Trade Receivables 18 3,044.71 2,121.56
(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents 19 209.33 6.97
 (e) Short-Term Loans & Advances 20 28.00 16.02
 (f) Other Current Assets 21 2,883.75 2,896.75
Total Current Assets 30,705.03 30,549.80
 Total Assets 61,054.19 45,521.87
Significant Accounting Policies 1
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 
For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No.121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr. 
No. Particulars Note 
No
 As at 
31st March 2025
 As at 
31st March 2024
 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    
1 Shareholders’ Funds    
(a) Share Capital 3 2,948.88 2,633.88
 (b) Reserves and Surplus 4 25,238.25 16,312.32
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants 5 - 2,008.91
 Total Equity 28,187.13 20,955.11
 
 2 Share Application Money pending allotment - -
 
 3 Non-Current Liabilities
 (a) Long-Term Borrowings 6 8,258.93 6,040.74
 (b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 7 1,132.81 480.54
 (c) Other Long-Term Liabilities - -
 (d) Long Term Provisions 8 85.65 48.05
 Total Non-Current Liabilities                9,477.39 6,569.33
 4 Current Liabilities
 (a) Short-Term Borrowings 9 8,889.57 7,456.09
 (b) Trade Payables 10
 -Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises & 
Small Enterprises (MSME)
772.60 245.00
 - Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than 
Micro Enterprises & Small Enterprises
12,366.00 9,579.69
 (c) Other Current Liabilities - -
 (d) Short Term Provisions 11 1,361.50 716.66
 Total Current Liabilities 23,389.67 17,997.44
 
 Total Liabilities 61,054.19 45,521.87
  
 ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
 (a) Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible 
Assets
12
 (i) Property, Plant & Equipment 20,124.11 13,015.47
 (ii) Other Intangible Assets - -
 (iii) Capital Work-in-Progress 4,791.29 689.13
(iv) Intangible Assets under Development - -
 (c) Non-Current Investments 13 896.12 991.24
 (d) Deferred Tax Assets (Net) - -
 (e) Long-Term Loans & Advances 14 4,159.46 -
 (f) Other Non-Current Assets 15 378.18 276.23 
 Total Non-Current Assets  30,349.16 14,972.07
[[PAGE 55]]
104 105
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No.121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
MARCH 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs), except EPS
Sr.
No. Particulars Note 
No
Year Ended 
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
1 Income   
 (a) Revenue from Operations 22 69,720.07 53,108.41
 (b) Other Income 23 504.17 122.01
 Total Income 70,224.23 53,230.42
  
2 Expenses
 (a) Cost of raw material consumed 24 60,872.35 46,243.61
 (b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-
in-progress & stock-in-trade 
25 (352.96) (382.85)
 (c) Employee Benefits Expenses 26 2,008.81 1,244.95
 (d) Finance costs 27 2,537.47 2,004.93
 (e) Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 12 1,020.08 1,826.91
 (f) Other Expenses 28 1,635.16 862.68
 Total Expenses 67,720.92 51,800.23
    
3 Profit Before Tax (PBT) 2,503.31 1,430.19
4 Tax Expenses:
 (a) Current Tax 438.00 250.00
 (b) Deferred Tax Charge/ (Benefit) 652.27 167.45
  
5 Profit after Tax (PAT) 1,413.04 1,012.73
Paid up Equity Share Capital
(Face Value of Rs. 10/- each)
2,948.88 2,633.88
 Reserves excluding Revaluation Reserves 25,238.25 16,312.32
Earning per Equity Share (EPS)
 (Basic EPS for the period) 33 5.31 4.38
(Diluted EPS for the period) 33 5.26 4.30
 
Significant Accounting Policies 1
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
MARCH 31, 2025
 (Rs. in Lakhs) 
S r . 
No. Particulars  Year ended  
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
1 Cash Flow from Operating Activities   
 Net profit before tax 2,503.31 1,430.19
 Adjustments for:
 Depreciation 1,020.08 1,826.91
 Finance Cost 2,537.47 2,004.93
 Interest on Fixed Deposits (442.03) (90.17)
Adjustment in Reserves - Excess Provision for Taxation - 1.73
Adjustment in Securities Premium – Equity Warrant Expenses (207.76) (362.05)
 Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes 5,411.08 4,811.53
 Changes in Working Capital
 (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables (923.15) 502.53
 (Increase) / Decrease in Other Assets (100.93) (2,509.05)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories (4,770.37) (2,632.95)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables 3,313.90 1,133.74
 Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions 682.45 299.06
 Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations 3,612.97  1,604.87
 Income Taxes Paid (438.00) (250.00)
 Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Operating Activities (A) 3,174.97 1,354.87
2 Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investments in Property, Plant & Equipment (12,230.88) (6,083.84)
Investments in Subsidiary Company (10.00) (3.10)
Advance for Property Purchase (3,279.00) -
Investment in Fixed Deposits 5,844.75 (8,998.59)
 Interest on Fixed Deposits 442.03 90.17
 Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Investing Activities (B) (9,233.10) (14,995.36)
3 Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Inter-Corporate Deposit to Subsidiary (880.46) -
 Proceeds from Preferential Issue - 8,928.76
Proceeds from Share Warrants 6,026.74 2,008.91
Proceeds from Borrowings 3,651.67 4,681.78
Payment of Finance Costs (2,537.47) (2,004.93)
[[PAGE 56]]
106 107
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST 
MARCH, 2025
I. COMPANY OVERVIEW
The Company (“Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited”, “VOEPL”) having CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355 is public limited 
company incorporated and domiciled in India having its registered office at Plot No.7, MIDC Area, Trimbak Road, Satpur, 
Nashik – 422007, Maharashtra, India. The Company is engaged primarily in the in manufacturing, selling and marketing 
of White Goods. The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners and related components, 
Lighting and their components. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and related products to 
its customers. The equity shares of the Company are listed on The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) – SME Platform.
II. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Basis of preparation and measurement
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards (AS) to comply with 
the Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 2013 Act”) and the relevant provisions and amendments, as applicable. The 
Company follows the mercantile system of accounting and recognizes income and expenditure on accrual basis to the extent 
measurable and where there is certainty of ultimate realization in respect of incomes. Accounting policies not specifically 
referred to otherwise, are consistent and in consonance with the generally accepted accounting policies. 
The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention method unless otherwise specified and presented in 
Indian Rupee (INR), which is also the company’s functional currency. All the amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest 
rupee, unless otherwise indicated.
Estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements and disclosures are based upon management’s 
evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as of the date of the financial statements.
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025 were approved by the Board of Directors and 
authorized for issue on May 30, 2025.
(b) Operating Cycle
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle. An 
operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash or cash equivalents. The 
Company has identified twelve months as its operating cycle.
(c) Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue can 
be reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is being made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of amount received 
or receivable.
Sale of goods is recognized when significant risks & rewards of ownership of the goods are transferred to the buyer, usually on 
the delivery of goods.
Service income is recognized as per the terms of contract with customers when the related services are performed.
 Interest income is recognized using time proportionate method.
Other income (including rent, income from sale of scrap, income from claims received, etc.) is recognized on accrual basis. 
However, where the ultimate collection of the same is uncertain, revenue recognition is postponed to the extent of uncertainty.
Dividend income is accounted when right to receive is established.
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance of compliance with associated conditions and receipt of 
 Net Cash Flow from / (used in) Financing Activities (C) 6,260.48 13,614.51
 Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 202.35 (25.98)
 Cash & Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 6.97 32.96
 Cash & Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 209.33 6.97
Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises
Balances with Bank
- On Current / Escrow Accounts 209.10 6.02
- Deposits with original maturity of less than three months - -
- Cash on Hand 0.22 0.95
 Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year 209.33 6.97
1. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in Accounting 
Standard – 3, “Cash Flow Statement” notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, whereby 
profit before tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or ac-
cruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
2. Cash comprise cash on hand, current accounts and deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short term 
balances (with original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid in -
vestments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant 
risk of change in value.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 
For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No.121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 57]]
108 109
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
the grant. Accordingly, the Company has recognized its revenue from government grants separately in the income statement 
under “Other Sources of Revenue – Government Grant and Incentives” to enhance transparency and allow users to assess the 
impact on the company’s financial performance.
(d) Property, Plant and Equipment:
 Recognition and measurement:
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. The cost 
of property, plant and equipment includes purchase price, including freight, duties, taxes and any costs directly attributable to 
bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by manage -
ment. 
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
Property, plant and equipment are derecognized from financial statements, either on disposal or when no economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. The gain or losses arising from disposal of property, plant and equipment are recognized in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss in the year of occurrence.
Assets under construction include the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not ready to use at the balance sheet date. 
Advances paid to acquire property; plant and equipment before the balance sheet date are disclosed under other non-current 
assets. Assets under construction are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use.
The Company has capitalized R&D costs and is recognized at cost, comprising expenditures directly attributable to the design 
and testing of new products or processes. Costs incurred after technological feasibility is established are capitalized until the 
product or process is available for general release.
Subsequent expenditures
Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, plant and equipment are added to its carrying value only when it is 
probable that the future economic benefits from the asset will flow to the Company and cost can be reliably measured. All other 
repair and maintenance costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year in which they are incurred.
Intangible Assets
An intangible asset shall be recognized if, and only if:
(a) it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Company; and
(b) the cost of the asset can be measured reliably.
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible assets are amortized over their 
respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they are available for use.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its estimated residual value. 
Depreciation / Amortization on property, plant & equipment of the Company has been provided using the Straight-Line Method 
(SLM) based on the useful life specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The Company has changed its method of 
depreciation to Straight Line Method (SLM) prospectively from April 1, 2024, depreciating the assets over the remaining useful 
life in line with provisions of AS 10 & AS 5. The useful life is as follows:
Class of Asset Useful Life
Factory Building / Leasehold Improvements 30 years
Plant & Machinery 15 years
Electrical Installations 10 years
Furniture & Fixtures 10 years
Tools, Dies & Equipment 10 years
Office Equipment 5 years
Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 3 years
Servers & Networks 6 years
Motor Vehicles 8 years
Assets costing less than Rs. 5,000 are depreciated at 100% in the year of acquisition.
Assets acquired on lease and leasehold improvements are amortized over the primary period of the lease on straight line basis.
The estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant & equipment and intangible assets are reviewed at the end 
of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
The amortization of capitalized R&D costs is provided on a systematic basis over their estimated useful lives, which typically 
reflect the period over which the economic benefits from the asset are expected to be realized. The amortization method applied 
is generally the straight-line method unless another method better reflects the pattern of consumption of the economic benefits.
(e) Impairment of Assets
The carrying values of assets / cash generating units at each balance sheet date are reviewed for impairment if any indication 
of impairment exists.
The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired.  If any such 
indication exists, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the asset.  If such recoverable amount of the asset or re-
coverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount 
is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
The reduction is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss.  If at the Balance Sheet date 
there is an indication that if a previously assessed impairment loss no longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed and 
the asset is reflected at the recoverable amount.
(f) Foreign currency transactions:
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Company’s functional currency at exchange rates at the dates of the 
transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency 
at the exchange rate at that date.
Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the 
date of the transaction.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from those 
at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous standalone financial statements are recog-
nized in the standalone statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
(g) Investments:
Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which such in-
vestments are made, are classified as current investments. Current investments are carried in the financial statements at lower 
of cost and fair value determined on an individual investment basis.
[[PAGE 58]]
110 111
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Investment other than current investments, are classified as long-term investments and are stated at cost. Provision for diminu-
tion in value of long-term investments is made only if such a decline is other than temporary.
 
(h) Inventories:
•	 Inventories are valued at cost or market price whichever is less in the case of finished and semi-finished goods and at cost in 
case of raw material. Cost comprises of cost of purchase, cost conversion & other cost for bringing the inventory to present 
location and condition.
•	 The net realizable value of work-in-progress is determined with reference to the selling prices of related finished products.
•	 Raw material, components and other supplies held for use in the production of finished products are not written down be-
low cost except in cases where material prices are declined, and it is estimated that the cost of finished products will exceed 
their net realizable value.
•	 Traded goods are valued at cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition.
•	 The value of write down and circumstances, if any are disclosed in the notes pertaining to the inventories. There is no 
reversal of write down.
(i) Taxes on Income:
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
Current Tax
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustment to 
the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Company:
i) has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and
ii) intends either to realize the asset and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Deferred Tax
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for finan-
cial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent 
there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which such deferred tax asset can be realized. 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that the related 
tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax 
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company ex-
pects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
i) the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and
ii) The deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the 
same taxable entity.
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT)
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance to the tax laws, which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form 
of adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Company will pay 
normal income tax. Accordingly, MAT is recognized as an asset in the balance sheet when it is probable that the future economic 
benefit associated with it will flow to the Company and the asset can be measured reliably.
(j) Leases:
Finance Lease
Agreements are classified as finance leases, if substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the leased asset 
is transferred to the lessee.
Operating Lease
Agreements which are not classified as finance leases are considered as operating lease.
Operating lease payments/income are recognized as an expense/income in the standalone statement of profit and loss on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term unless there is another systematic basis which is more representative of the time pattern 
of the lease.
(k) Borrowing Costs:
Borrowing cost includes interest, amortization of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings and 
exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest 
cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial 
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. There are no 
borrowing costs capitalized during the year.
All other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the company has an unconditional right to differ settlement of liability for 
at least 12 months after the reporting period.
(l) Related Party
The disclosures of transactions with related parties, their outstanding balances, terms & conditions, securities offered and 
guarantees given are disclosed in Note No. 32. The company has not made provision for doubtful debts in respect of any of the 
related parties. The company has not written-off or written back any amount in respect of above related parties.
(m) Earnings per share:
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year. 
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax as adjusted for dividend, interest and other 
charges to expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating to the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted 
average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and the weighted average number of equity 
shares which could have been issued on conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
(n) Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand deposit and short-term deposits with 
an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short term deposits, as defined 
[[PAGE 59]]
112 113
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Company’s cash management.
(o) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets:
The Company recognizes a provision when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and 
it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the 
Company or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(p) Dividend:
Dividend to the equity shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the 
dividend is approved by the shareholders.
(q) Events after reporting date:
Where events occurring after the balance sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting peri-
od, the impact of such events is adjusted with the standalone financial statements. Otherwise, events after the balance sheet date 
of material size or nature are only disclosed.
(r) Segment Reporting:
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision 
maker. The primary operating segment of Company is business segment. Since majority of the assets are located at single place 
and are of common nature, management has decided not to bifurcate the same into segment wise assets & liabilities. 
The Geographic Segments identified, as Secondary Segment are “Domestic Market” and “Export Market”.
(s) Cash Flow Statement 
The Cash Flow statement is prepared by indirect method set out in AS 3 - “Cash Flow Statements” and present cash flows by 
operating, investing and financing activities of the Company.
(t) Trade Receivables
A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if it is in respect of the amount due on account of goods sold or services rendered 
in the normal course of business.
The management is authorized, whenever required, to execute / transfer / assign Company’s right to claim on its trade receiv -
ables in favor of its trade payables to avoid getting stuck in debt recovery loop and affect its operations, by executing proper 
documentation to that effect in favor of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade receivables is reduced to 
such extent of debts which are assigned in favor of creditors.
(u) Trade and other payables
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of financial year which are 
unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after reporting 
period. For trade and other payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
The management of the company, whenever required, can execute and transfer its right to claim on its trade receivables in favor 
of its trade payables to avoid financial crunch and getting stuck in trade payable payment pressure and affect its operations, by 
executing proper documentation to that effect in favor of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade payable 
is reduced to such extent of debts which are assigned in their favor.
Employee Stock Options Plan
Expenses related to ESOPs are recognized based on the fair value of options granted to employees over the vesting period. Fair 
value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques and is certified by the Registered Valuer. 
Management is required to make estimates regarding employee turnover and the likelihood of option exercise. These estimates 
are based on historical data, industry trends, and management’s judgment. However, actual employee turnover and option ex-
ercise may differ from these estimates, leading to adjustments in subsequent periods.
(v) CSR Expenditure
The Company allocates CSR expenditure based on the nature of the initiatives undertaken during the financial year. Expenditure 
is categorized and disclosed accordingly to provide transparency on the utilization of resources.
The Company periodically evaluates the impact of its CSR activities to assess their effectiveness in achieving the desired social 
and environmental objectives. Key performance indicators are utilized to measure and monitor the outcomes of CSR initiatives.
[[PAGE 60]]
114 115
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes forming integral part of Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31st-
March, 2025
Note 3: Share Capital
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31,2024
Authorised Capital   
3,50,00,000 (Previous year: 2,60,00,000) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each 3,500.00 3,500.00
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Capital  
2,94,88,756 (Previous year: 2,63,38,756) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each 
fully paid up
2,948.88 2,633.88
Total 2,948.88 2,633.88
Footnote:
a) During the previous financial year ended March 31, 2024, the Company had allotted 31,50,000 Equity 
Warrants, each convertible into one equity shares of the Company at a price of ₹255.10 per warrant 
(comprising ₹10 face value and ₹245.10 as share premium). In accordance with the terms of the issue, 
25% of the issue price, i.e., ₹63.775 per warrant, was received at the time of allotment, aggregating to 
approximately ₹20.08 crores.
During the current financial year ended March 31, 2025, the balance 75% of the issue price, i.e., ₹191.325 
per warrant, was received upon conversion, aggregating to approximately ₹ 60.26 crores. Pursuant to the 
receipt of the full consideration, all 31,50,000 share warrants have been converted into corresponding 
equity shares, thereby resulting in an increase in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The 
aforesaid allotment was approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on March 1, 2025.
b) Pursuant to the allotment of equity shares as referred to in the foregoing point, the paid-up share cap-
ital of the Company has increased from ₹26,33,87,560 (Rupees Twenty-Six Crore Thirty-Three Lakh 
Eighty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred Sixty only) to ₹29,48,87,560 (Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Forty-Eight 
Lakh Eighty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred Sixty only).
(a) Reconciliation of number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
As at 31st March,2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Number of 
Equity Shares
Share 
Capital
Number of 
Equity Shares Share Capital
Outstanding at the 
beginning of the year
2,63,38,756 2,633.88 2,28,38,656 2,283.87
Add: Conversion of 
Share Warrants 
31,50,000 315.00 - -
Add: Preferential issue 
during the year
- - 35,00,100 350.01
Outstanding at the end of 
the year
2,94,88,756 2,948.88 2,63,38,756 2,633.88
(b) Terms / Rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a face value of Rs. 10/- Per share. Each holder of 
equity shares is entitled to one vote per share and dividend in Indian rupees, if proposed by the Board of 
Directors, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The 
Board of Directors have not declared dividend for the year ending 31st March, 2025.
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the 
remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in 
proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the aggregate shares of Company
Name of the Shareholder
As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Number of
shares 
% Number of
shares
%
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,52,57,059 51.74% 1,46,57,059 55.65%
Other Shareholders 1,42,31,697 48.26% 1,16,81,697 44.35%
Total 2,94,88,756 100.00% 2,63,38,756 100.00%
As per the records of the company, including its register of shareholders / members and other declarations 
received from the shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal 
and beneficial ownership of shares.
(d) Details of Shares held by Promoters
Shares Held by Promoters at the end of the year % Change in During 
the YearPromoter Name No. of 
Shares % of Total Shares
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,52,57,059 51.74% -3.91%
Note 4: Reserves and Surplus
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(a) General Reserves   
Balance at the beginning of the year 2,352.59 1,338.13
Add: Net Profit / (Net Loss) as per Statement of Profit and Loss 1,413.04 1,012.73
Add: Adjustment in Reserves - Income Tax - 1.73
Closing Balance 3,765.64 2,352.59
[[PAGE 61]]
116 117
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(b) Securities Premium
Balance at the beginning of the year 13,959.73 5,743.03
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year (Preferential 
Issue – Equity Warrants) 7,720.65 8,578.75
Less: Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses (207.76) (362.05)
Closing Balance 21,472.62 13,959.73
Balance at the end of the year 25,238.25 16,312.32
Footnote:
(a) The company has issued Convertible Share Warrants - 31,50,000 at Rs. 255.10/- per share, including 
securities premium of Rs. 245.10/- per share.
(b) Expenses related to preferential issue were adjusted against the securities premium.
Note 5: Money Received against Share Warrants 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31,2024
Money received against Share Warrants  
      Issue of Share Warrants - 2,008.91
Total - 2,008.91
Footnote:
(a) For FY 2023-24, the company has issued 31,50,000 Equity Warrants convertible into same number of 
equity shares at a price of Rs.255.10/- per Share Warrant (including a share premium of Rs.245.10/- per 
Share Warrant), of which Rs.63.775/- per warrant, i.e., 25% of Rs.255.10/- was received.
(b) Further, during FY 2024-25, the Company received the remaining 75% of the consideration for the afore-
said warrants, amounting to Rs. 6,026.74 lakhs, which were subsequently converted into equity shares.
Note 6: Long-Term Borrowings
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Term Loans – Secured from Banks and Financial Institutions
(a) Axis Bank 1,763.52 1,373.59
(b) Yes Bank 130.92 200.10 
(c) Mahindra Finance -                  940.01 
(d) SIDBI 525.96 725.60
(e) HDFC Bank 2,849.69               2,253.95 
(f) ICICI Bank 2,101.38 816.30
(g) Bajaj Finance Limited 1,087.60                  -  
(h) Union Bank 768.58                  913.25 
(i) Siemens Finance 1,378.70                  581.46
Less: Short Term Maturities of Long-Term Debts (2,347.41) (1,763.53)
Total 8,258.93 6,040.74
Footnote:
(a) The company has availed Term Loans / GECL Loans from various Banks for the investments in Property, 
Plant and Equipment. The rate of interest varies from 7.70% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. These loans are secured by 
way of: 
(i) Hypothecation & Exclusive Charge of Plant and Machinery procured out of term loans;
(ii) Pari passu / Second pari passu charge on current assets for both present and future;
(iii) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC Sat-
pur, Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments;
(iv) Guarantee given by National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC) and extension of charge on 
current assets for GECL Term Loans;
(v) Equitable mortgage of industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, 
Madhya Pradesh owned by M/s Luma Lamp Private Limited
(vi) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. F-108 situated in MIDC 
Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Reprolite Papers (India) Private Limited.
(vii) First Charge / Second pari passu charge on industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC 
Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited.
(viii) Unconditional and Irrecoverable Personal Guarantee of Managing Director;
(ix)  Corporate Guarantee of Associate Concerns / Property Owners - M/s Filament & Filaments &        M/s 
Luma Lamps Private Limited;
(x) Lien on Fixed Deposits with the Banks / Financial Institutions;
(xi) Hypothecation of Vehicles purchased out of Auto Loan;
Note 7: Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Opening Balance 480.54 313.09
Add: DTL arising on account of temporary differences 652.27 167.45
Closing Balance 1,132.81 480.54
Total 1,132.81 480.54
[[PAGE 62]]
118 119
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 8: Long Term Provisions
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Provision of Employee Benefit Expenses
Provision for Gratuity 26.05 18.25
Deferred Employee Compensation Expenses 59.60 29.80
Total 85.65 48.05
Footnote:
(a) The provision for Gratuity is a non-fund based provision and is made on the basis of Actuarial Report.
Note 9: Short-Term Borrowings
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Secured from Banks
(a) Axis Bank - Cash Credit Limit 858.67 229.46
(b) Axis Bank Limited (PO - Finance) - (0.66)
(c) Union Bank 13.42 13.26
(d) ICICI Bank - Cash Credit Limit 137.57 425.71
(e) HDFC Bank - Cash Credit Limit 579.53 856.86
(f) HDFC Bank WCDL 1,800.00 1,132.08
(g) Axis Bank WCDL 1,800.00 1,800.00
(h) ICICI Bank WCDL 1,352.97 1,235.85
Short Term Borrowings - Unsecured
(i) From Other Parties - Repayable on Demand - -
Short Term Maturities of Long-Term Debts 2,347.41 1,763.53
Total 8,889.57 7,456.09
Footnote:
(a) The company has availed cash credit loan from the Axis / HDFC & ICICI Banks. As per sanction letter, 
rate of interest is in the range of 9.15% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. and these limits are secured by way of: 
(i) Primary Security of hypothecation of Stocks, Book Debts;
(ii) Charge on all existing and future current assets; 
(iii) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on Plot No. 7 situated in 
MIDC Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments; 
(iv) Industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, MP owned by M/s 
Luma Lamp Private Limited; 
(v) Personal / Corporate Guarantee of Directors and Associate Concerns;
(vi) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on No. F-108 situated in 
MIDC Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Reprolite Papers (India) Private Limited; 
(vii) Paripassu charge on Industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC Satpur Nashik 
owned by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (collateral security).
(b) The company has utilized the borrowings from the Banks for the specific purpose for which the same 
is taken.
        
Note 10: Trade Payables
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Trade Payables
Other than due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 12,366.00 9,579.69
Amount due to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise (MSME) 772.60 245.00
Total 13,138.60 9,824.69
Footnote:
(a) The above figures of Trade Payables are shown as net of advances paid to the local / foreign suppliers.
(b) The average credit period on purchases is 1 to 6 months.
(c) The above includes payables to related parties. Refer Note 32 for more details.
(d) Kindly refer Note No. 2(u) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade payables.
(e) Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as certified by the management is provided as follows:
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date 
of payment
TotalLess than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years
More 
than 
3 years
i) MSME 290.08 482.52 - - - 772.60
ii) Others 7,593.08 4,772.91 - - - 12,366.00
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Dues -Others - - - - - -
Total 7,883.16 5,255.44 - - - 13,138.60
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2024
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of 
payment
TotalLess than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
i) MSME 154.95 90.05 - - - 245.00
ii) Others 8,488.77 1,090.92 - - - 9,579.69
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Dues -Others - - - - - -
Total 8,643.72 1,180.97 - - - 9,824.69
[[PAGE 63]]
120 121
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 11: Short Term Provisions
 (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
(a) Statutory dues payable
GST Payable 598.55 140.75
TDS Payable 83.18 61.17
TCS Payable 0.88 1.96
Professional Tax Payable 0.55 0.38
PF Payable 3.18 2.24
ESIC Payable 0.06 0.31
Provision for Income Tax 438.00 250.00
(b) Other Provisions
Salary and Bonus Payable 31.24 91.77
Rent Payable 10.76 32.17
Provisions for Gratuity 1.83 1.95
Provisions for Leave Encashment 3.74 3.77
Audit Fees Payable 15.70 14.00
Electricity Charges Payable 45.64 45.43
Jobwork & Labour Expenses Payable 68.86 33.70
Security Service Expense Payable 5.57 4.13
Telephone Charges Payable 0.25 0.21
Provision for Expenses 53.51 32.72
Total 1,361.50 716.66
Note 12: Property, Plant & Equipment
Sr. 
No. Particulars GROSS CARRYING AMOUNT DEPRECIATION NET CARRYING 
AMOUNT
As at  
April 1, 
2024
Additions 
during the 
year
Deletions 
during the 
year
As at March 
31, 2025
As at  
April 1, 
2024
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2025
As at  
March 31, 
2024
A Tangible Assets
1 Land 157 - - 157 - - 157 157
2 Factory 
Building - 
Satpur
979 45.19 - 1,024.20 226.82 253.6 770.59 752.19
3 Factory 
Building – 
Janori
140.36 - - 140.36 32.54 35.96 104.4 107.82
4 Plant and 
Machinery
12,709.11 6,365.72 - 19,074.83 2,511.22 3,285.25 15,789.59 10,197.89
5 Tools, Dies 
&Equipment
644.48 683.42 - 1,328.10 361.51 399.44 928.66 283.17
6 Research & 
Development 
Tools
506.45 327.49 - 833.94 61.22 107.81 726.12 445.23
7 Electrical 
Installations
1,160.00 506.06 - 1,666.06 332.03 421.14 1,244.92 827.98
8 Furniture & 
Fixtures
300.99 56.81 - 357.8 139.28 159.55 198.25 161.71
9 Office 
Equipments
4 10.24 - 14.25 2.17 3.08 11.17 1.83
10 Computer 
Devices, 
Laptops, etc.
47.78 55.67 - 103.44 30.03 40.13 63.31 17.74
11 Servers & 
Networks
3.61 57.87 - 61.48 1.11 4.75 56.73 2.5
12 Motor Vehicles 77.22 20.24 - 97.46 16.79 24.09 73.37 60.43
Total 16,730.20 8,128.72 - 24,858.92 3,714.73 4,734.81 20,124.11 13,015.47
(Previous Year) 10,735.08 5,995.13 - 16,730.20 1,887.82 3,714.73 13,015.47 8,847.26
B Capital Work-
in-Progress
1 Plant & 
Machinery
689.13 4,102.16 - 4,791.29 - - 4,791.29 689.13
Total 689.13 4,102.16 - 4,791.29 - - 4,791.29 689.13
(Previous Year) 600.42 689.13 600.42 689.13 - - 689.13 600.42
Total 1,361.50 716.66
[[PAGE 64]]
122 123
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 13: Non-Current Investments
 (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Investment in Fixed Deposits   
Fixed Deposit with Banks and Financial Institutions 848.48 935.17
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit 34.53 52.97
Investments in Shares
Investment in YLP Solutions Private Limited (51%) 3.10 3.10
Investment in Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited (99.90%) 10.00 -
Total 896.12 991.24
Footnote:
(a) Investments in Fixed Deposits are provided as security (lien) against the finance obtained from banks 
and financial institutions.
(b) The Company has incorporated a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (WOS) Company, namely Virtuoso Polymers 
Private Limited on July 29, 2024 with the object of manufacturing of Plastic Components, Thermocol 
Packaging Products, etc.
Note 14: Long Term Loans & Advances
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Capital Advances
Advance for Immovable Properties 3,279.00 -
Inter-Corporate Deposit (ICD)
Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited 880.46 -
Total 4,159.46 -
Footnote:
(a) The Company has entered into a transaction for the purchase of land and building located at Plot No. 7, 
MIDC, Satpur, Nashik from M/s. Filaments & Filaments. Accordingly, an advance of Rs. 2,418.00 Lakhs 
was paid during the financial year 2024–25 towards this acquisition. As the registered sale deed / docu-
mentation for above property was executed in the subsequent financial year, the advance paid has been 
classified under Long Term Capital Advances as at 31st March 2025.
(b) The Company has entered into a transaction for the purchase of land and building located at Gat No. 40 
& 41, Mohadi, Nashik from Nikitha Shravan Poddatur. An advance of Rs. 861.00 Lakhs was paid during 
the financial year 2024–25 towards this acquisition.
(c) In-case of Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited, the company has agreed to pay Inter-Corporate Deposit 
(ICD) of Rs. 15.00 Crores, out of which Rs. 8.80 Crores were paid during the year as per the terms of ICD 
agreement dated March 28, 2025. The rate of interest for ICD is charged at 7% p.a. and the repayment 
period is 3 years.
Note 15: Other Non-Current Assets
 (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Security Deposits
Deposit for Government Tender 60.10 102.11
Gas Connection Deposit 0.25 0.25
MSEDCL Deposit – Factory 64.95 55.51
Security Rent Deposit 252.72 118.18
BSNL Telephone Deposit 0.17 0.17
Total 378.18 276.23
Footnote:
(a) Deposit paid to Municipal Commissioner - Punchkulla (Haryana) was against LED Street Lighting Contract 
awarded to the Company. This contract has been revoked by the Haryana State Government and the 
company has challenged this decision with MSME Samadhan Platform, Nashik for compensation.
Note 16: Current Investments
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Investments in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks (Short Term) 3,293.75 9,033.38
Total 3,293.75 9,033.38
Footnote:
(a) Investments in fixed deposits are from the proceeds of preferential issue of Equity Shares and Equity 
Share Warrants deployed on short term basis.
Note 17: Inventories
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Inventories (lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials 19,777.22 15,359.80
Finished Goods 880.97 408.89
Work-in-progress 587.31 706.42
Total 21,245.49 16,475.12
Footnote:
(a) Method of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2 (h) of Significant Accounting Policies.
[[PAGE 65]]
124 125
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 18: Trade Receivables
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Unsecured and Considered Good
Trade Receivables for supply of goods and services 3,044.71 2,121.56
Total 3,044.71 2,121.56
Footnote:
(a) The above figures of Trade Receivables are shown as net of advances / raw material received from the   
customers.
(b) The above includes receivables from related parties. Refer Note 32 for more details
(c) Kindly refer Note No. 2(t) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade receivables.
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at 31st March 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 
6 months
6 months -    
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 
years
More than 3 
years
i)  Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – considered 
good
3,023.27 11.9 0.52 9.02 - - 3,044.71
ii)   Undisputed   Trade   
Receivables   –   which 
have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)   Undisputed   Trade   
Receivables   –   credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Trade 
Receivables – considered 
good
- - - - - - -
v)  Disputed Trade 
Receivables – which 
have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)    Disputed    Trade    
Receivables    –    credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
Total 3,023.27 11.9 0.52 9.02 - - 3,044.71
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at 31st March 2024
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 
6 months
6 months -    
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
i)  Undisputed Trade 
receivables – considered 
good
1,868.07 248.48 - 5.00 - - 2,121.56
ii)   Undisputed   Trade   
Receivables   –   which 
have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)   Undisputed   Trade   
Receivables   –   credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
iv)  Disputed Trade 
Receivables – considered 
good
- - - - - - -
v)  Disputed Trade 
Receivables – which 
have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)    Disputed    Trade    
Receivables    –    credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
Total 1,868.07 248.48 - 5.00 - - 2,121.56
Note 19: Cash and Cash Equivalents
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balances with Banks   
     In Current and Deposit Accounts 209.10 0.70
     In Escrow Accounts - 5.33
Cheques on Hand - -
Cash in Hand 0.22 0.95
Total 209.33 6.97
Note 20: Short Term Loans & Advances
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Other Advances
Advance to Staff 28.00 16.02
Total 28.00 16.02
[[PAGE 66]]
126 127
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 21: Other Current Assets
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Balance with Revenue Authorities
TDS Receivables 108.57 41.30
TCS Receivables 1.52 1.24
Advance Tax 480.00 325.00
Custom Duty Receivables 0.03 0.16
Export Duty Receivable - 0.36
Government Grants and Incentives Receivables 2,108.73 2,243.22
Other Assets
TDS Receivable - NBFC 4.88 5.14
Prepaid Insurance - 31.06
Reimbursement of Stipend Claim (Govt. Scheme) 9.19 11.81
Prepaid Expenses 127.76 76.77
Preliminary / Preoperative Expenses 43.08 160.69
Total 2,883.75 2,896.75
Footnote:
(a) Government Grants & Incentives Receivable includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of 
Maharashtra under the Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme for White Goods of Central 
Government.
(b) Pre-operative expenses includes expenditure incurred on the new plant located at Janori (Plant B2), where 
commercial operations have not yet started. The new plant will be operational in the next financial year.
Note 22: Revenue from Operations
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Sale of Products & Services   
Sale of Lighting, Consumer Durables, etc. 68,117.00 51,138.22
Service Income 627.82 13.13
Other Sources of Revenue
Government Grant and Incentives 975.24 1,957.06
Total 69,720.07 53,108.41
Footnote:
(a) Government Grants & Incentives includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of Maharashtra 
under the Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme for White Goods of Central Government.
Note 23: Other Income
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Other Income
Interest on Fixed Deposit 442.03 90.17
Foreign Exchange Gain 54.44 25.04
Discount Received 1.70 -
Misc. Income – Liabilities not Payable 2.66 6.43
Export Duty Drawback 3.34 0.36
Total 504.17 122.01
Note 24: Cost of raw materials consumed
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Raw material consumed
Inventory at the beginning of the year 15,359.80 13,109.70
Add: Purchases during the year – Indigenous 58,406.49 43,365.91
Add: Purchases during the year – Imports 3,943.30 2,997.68
Add: Other Manufacturing Costs/Cost of Production (Footnote–b) 2,939.98 2,130.12
Less: Inventory at the end of the year (19,777.22) (15,359.80)
Total 60,872.35 46,243.61
Footnote:  
Above purchase figures are shown as net of rate differences; Debit Notes issued for defective materials and 
warranty claims.
(a) Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production:
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production
Freight Inward 376.72 212.16
Conversion Cost – Manufacturing 1,521.23 1,056.93
Electricity & Fuel Charges 539.86 387.54
Customs Duty 384.52 384.22
Clearing & Forwarding Expenses 94.42 73.92
Loading & Unloading Charges 15.78 12.25
Packing & Water Charges 0.45 0.22
[[PAGE 67]]
128 129
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Tooling Cost 3.04 2.88
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production 3.96 -
Total 2,939.98 2,130.12
Note 25: Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Inventories at the beginning of the year  
Work-in progress 408.89 253.00
Finished goods 706.42 479.47
Sub-Total 1,115.32 732.47
 
Inventories at the end of the year
Work-in progress 587.31 408.89
Finished goods 880.97 706.42
Sub-Total 1,468.28 1,115.32
 
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories (352.96) (382.85)
Note 26:  Employee Benefit Expenses
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Employee Benefit Expenses
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Other Allowances 1,381.27 752.85
Directors’ Remuneration 54.00 36.00
Stipend Expenses - Internship 370.96 289.07
Contribution to provident fund 36.12 26.19
Contribution to ESIC fund 3.25 2.88
MLWF Establishment Contribution (ERC) 0.33 0.15
Expenses for Gratuity 9.11 9.56
Expenses for Leave Encashment 4.40 4.50
Staff Welfare Expenses 118.76 91.77
Education, Training and Development 0.81 2.18
Employee Compensation Expenses - ESOP 29.80 29.80
Total 2,008.81 1,244.95
Footnote:
(a) The Company has granted 2,59,140 options exercisable under Employee Stock Option Plan / Scheme 
-2023. Accordingly, ESOP - Employee Compensation Expenses booked for the year.
(b) Kindly refer Note No. 2(v) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding Employee Stock Options Plan.
Note 27: Finance Cost
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Finance Cost
Interest on Loan 2,323.02 1,863.98
Other Borrowing Costs 214.45 140.96
Total 2,537.47 2,004.93
Note 28: Other Expenses
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Other Expenses
Payment to Auditors 15.00 10.00
Printing & Stationery 8.64 9.12
Professional & Legal Fees 209.34 81.84
Rent, Rates & Taxes 900.33 523.66
Office Expenses 15.08 7.08
Freight Outward 45.38 6.81
GST Assessment Payment 39.99 -
Income Tax & Interest Payment (Dues) 0.22 5.62
Insurance Charges 140.63 46.23
Telephone Expenses 6.88 6.08
Travelling Expenses 67.02 66.80
Sales Promotion Expenses 81.48 24.44
Repairs & Maintenance 14.53 4.43
Security Service Charge 59.97 45.47
Cleaning & Utility Expense 4.49 10.32
CSR Expenditure 22.02 13.18
Directors’ Sitting Fees 3.58 1.60
Vehicle Expenses 0.60 -
Total 1,635.16 862.68
Note 28 (a): Details of Payments to Auditors
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
As Auditor:   
Statutory Audit Fees 10.00 8.00
Tax Audit Fees 5.00 2.00
In Other Capacities
Professional Fees 1.40 1.98
Total 16.40 11.98
[[PAGE 68]]
130 131
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 29: Employee Benefit Obligations
The disclosure required as per Accounting Standard 15 “Employees Benefit” issued by the Institute of Char -
tered Accountants of India (ICAI) and as specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
29.1 Defined Benefits Plan 
(a) Gratuity Benefits:
Retirement benefits in the form of Gratuity have been valued by an independent actuary as on the Balance 
Sheet date. The accrued benefits are projected to the due date and valued prospectively by applying proper 
economic and demographic assumptions stated below. The liability is computed on current salary levels pro-
jected to the probable due date using “Projected Unit Credit (PUC) Method”.
The following table summarizes the components of net benefit expenses recognized in respect of Gratuity:
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Expense recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss   
Interest Cost 1.46 0.83
Current Service Cost 9.41 7.66
Past Service Cost - -
Expected return on plan assets - -
Net Actuarial Gain/(Loss) recognized in the period (1.76) 0.58
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.11 9.07
Reconciliation of Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the period 20.20 11.12
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.11 9.07
Benefit paid (if any) (1.43) -
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 27.88 20.20
Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 27.88 20.20
Fair value of plan assets at end of period - -
Net liability / (asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet and related analysis 27.88 20.20
Funded Status – Surplus/(Deficit) (27.88) (20.20)
Current Liability (Short Term) 1.83 1.95
Non-Current Liability (Long Term) 26.05 18.25
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity as shown below:
Discount Rate 7.00% p.a. 7.25% p.a.
Salary Growth Rate 5.00% p.a. 5.00% p.a.
Withdrawal Rate 10.00% p.a. 5.00% p.a.
(b) Leave Encashment:
The leave obligation covers the Company’s liability for earned leave. The entire amount of the provision of 
Rs. 4.40 Lakhs (year ended 31/03/2024 – Rs. 4.50 Lakhs) is presented as current, since the company does not 
have an unconditional right to defer settlement for these obligations.
29.2 Defined Contribution Plans
(a) Provident Fund:
The Company contribution towards Provident Fund is paid to the Central Government is debited to the state-
ment of profit and loss. The amount debited to the statement of profit and loss during the year was Rs. 36.12 
Lakhs (year ended 31/03/2024 Rs. 26.19 Lakhs).
Note 30: Other Disclosures (As certified by Management)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Contingent Liabilities - TDS Outstanding Demand NIL NIL
Contingent Liabilities - Custom Duty Payable (EPCG Obligations) 624.41 624.41
Corporate Guarantees NIL NIL
Commitments NIL NIL
Value of Imports on CIF Basis 7,371.44 7,585.85
Expenditure in Foreign Currency NIL NIL
Earnings in Foreign Exchange - Exports 49.71 17.12
Footnote:
(a) Contingent Liabilities is towards Custom Duty amount waived under EPCG Scheme, for import of plant 
and machinery. This contingent liability may arise in case the company fails to honor the export obliga -
tion in future.
Note 31: Disclosures under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
The information of MSME creditors has been determined to the extent of such parties identified on the basis 
of the information available with the Company regarding the status of parties under the MSMED Act and has 
been relied upon by the auditors. Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to 
micro and small enterprises during the year.
[[PAGE 69]]
132 133
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
1. The principal amount and the interest due thereon as at the end of each 
accounting year.
482.52 90.05
2. The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment made 
to the supplier beyond the appointed day.
-- --
3. The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under this Act.
-- --
4. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year.
-- --
5. The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually 
paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible 
expenditure under section 23.
-- --
Footnote:
(a) Company received intimation from suppliers about their status as ‘MSME Supplier’ as per ‘Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006’.
(b) Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises 
during the year.
Note 32: Related Party Disclosures
A. List of Related Parties and Relationship
(a) Key Management Personnel (KMP)
1. Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director
2. Abhinav - Executive Director
3. Sajid Shaikh - CFO
4. CS Vibhuti Kulkarni - Compliance Officer
(b) Non-Executive Director
1. Vishrut Bharati - Non-Executive Director
2. Ziral Soni - Independent Director
3. Ila S Bhat - Independent Director
4. Drashti Solanki - Independent Director
(c) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
1. Nikitha Shravan Poddatur
2. Arvind Bharati
3. Ashu Bharati
(d) Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel exercise significant influence or control
1. YLP Solutions Private Limited - Subsidiary Company
2. Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited – Wholly Owned Subsidiary
3. Swami Shanti Prakash Virtuoso Esco Private Limited
4. Agsure Innovations Private Limited
5. Sakri Sustainable Energy Assets Private Limited
6. Helfis Technologies Private Limited
7. Sukrit Bharati HUF
(e) Enterprises over which their relatives exercise significant influence or control   
1. Solarcopyer Limited    
2. Starlite Components Limited    
3. Paragon Plastics Private Limited    
4. Lumalamp Limited
5. Techmark International FZE
6. Starlite Lamp Components Private Limited
B. Transactions with Related Parties during the year
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Particulars
2024-25 2023-24
Transaction 
Value for the 
year
Closing 
Balances 
Transaction 
Value for the 
year
Closing 
Balances
A) Key Management Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital / Share Warrants (including 
Share Premium)
1,147.95 - 382.65 -
Director’s Remuneration 54.00 0.96 36.00 -
Unsecured Loans / (Repayments) - - - -
Salary Expenses - KMP 42.00 - 36.14 2.63
B) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
Issue of Share Capital / Share Warrants (including 
share premium)
478.31 - 159.44 -
Rent Expenses 9.00 - - -
Advance for Immovable Properties 861.00 861.00 - -
C) Transactions with the entities which is controlled 
by the Key Management Personnel -
Investment in Subsidiary Shares 10.00 13.10 3.10 3.10
Sale of Goods / Services 15.26 - 15.79 -
Purchase of Goods / Services 53.26 - 94.10 -
Inter Corporate Deposit (including Interest) 880.50 880.46 - -
D) Transactions with the entities which is controlled 
by the Relatives of KMP -
Sale of Goods / Services 49.71 54.29 87.72 17.16
Purchase of Goods / Services - - - -
Advance for Purchase of Goods 35.01 35.01 - -
Footnote:
(a) The transactions with the related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms’ 
length transactions.      
[[PAGE 70]]
134 135
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(b) No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in re -
spect of debts due from / to above related parties.    
(c) Reimbursement for expenses / payments made by the directors on behalf of the company in the ordinary 
course of business is not reported above.
Note 33: Earnings Per Share
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
  (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Net profit / (loss) for calculation of Basic EPS 1,413.04 1,012.73
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the 
year for Basic EPS
2,66,01,256 2,31,30,331
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 5.31 4.38
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the 
year for Diluted EPS
2,68,60,396 2,35,65,591
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 5.26 4.30
Nominal Value Per Share (Rs.) 10 10
The Weighted average number of Equity Share for calculation of Diluted EPS includes 2,59,140 Employee 
Stock Options.
Note 34: Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOP)
The Company instituted VOEPL Employees Stock Option Plan-2023 (ESOP 2023) for all eligible employees pur-
suant to a resolution approved by the shareholders in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on February 
24, 2023. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of the company administers the ESOP 
2023 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees. The Committee determines which eligible employ-
ees will receive options, the number of options to be granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the 
exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of grant. Participation in 
the plan is at the board’s discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate in the plan or to 
receive any guaranteed benefits.
The company has established VOEPL 2023 Plan with 20,00,000 equity shares. However, the company has 
granted 2,59,140 options during the previous FY 2023-24. Out of which, 12,820 options were forfeited during 
the year.
The exercise price of the options is Rs.246.30/- per share. The fair value of the share options is estimated at 
the grant date using a Black-Scholes Method, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the 
share options were granted. However, the above performance condition is only considered in determining the 
number of instruments that will ultimately vest.
The carrying amount of the liability at 31 March, 2025 was Rs. 59.60 Lakhs (31 March, 2024: Rs. 29.80 Lakhs).
The expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following table:
  (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions 29.80 29.80
Total expense arising from share-based payment transactions 29.80 29.80
There were cancellations or modifications to the awards in year ending 31 March, 2025.
Movements during the year:  The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices 
(WAEP) of, and movements in, share options during the year
  (INR in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year 2,59,140 -
Granted during the year - 2,59,140
Forfeited during the year 12,820 -
Exercised during the year - -
Expired during the year - -
Options outstanding at the end of the year 2,46,320 2,59,140
Exercisable at 31 March 2025 2,46,320 2,59,140
The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the plan for the years ended 31 March, 2025:
(INR in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
Weighted average fair values at the measurement date 246.30 246.30
Dividend yield (%) - -
Expected Annualized V olatility (%) 32.81% 32.81%
Risk–free interest rate (%) 7.17% 7.17%
Expected life of share options (years) 4.5 years 4.5 years
Weighted average share price (Rs.) 246.30 246.30
Model used Black-Scholes
Method
Black-Scholes
Method
Note 35: Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
  (INR in Lakhs)
Particulars As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2024
1. Amount required to be spent by the company during the year 20.88 13.18
2. Amount of expenditure incurred on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset - -
[[PAGE 71]]
136 137
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above 22.02 13.18
3. Shortfall at the end of the year 
 
 
- -
4. Total of previous years shortfall - -
5. Nature of CSR Activities Education & 
Apprenticeship 
Training
Education & 
Apprenticeship 
Training
6. Details of related party transaction - -
7. Reason for shortfall - -
The Company endeavoured to ensure full utilization of the allocated 
CSR budget. The CSR activities are scalable with few new initiatives 
that may be considered in future and moving forward the Company 
will endeavour to spend the amount on CSR activities in accordance 
with the statutory requirements.
Footnote:
(a) The company is liable to comply with the requirements of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 from 
the financial year 2024-25. The Company is spending its 2% of average net profits as CSR expenditure on 
the apprenticeship training. 
(b) As per the circular from Ministry of Corporate Affairs, industries/establishments are permitted to utilize 
their Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) funds for Apprentices Training which includes expenditure 
on Basic Training and stipend funds payable to apprentices under Apprentices Act, 1961 (as amended in 
2014)
Note 36: Segment Reporting
The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing, selling and marketing of White Goods. The range of 
products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners & related components, Lighting and their 
components. During the current financial year, the Company has forayed into the manufacturing of deep 
freezers, with its new manufacturing facility. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing Services 
(EMS) and related products to its customers. 
The Company has only one operating segment, hence disclosure under AS 17 on Segment Reporting is not 
applicable. In the opinion of the management, this is the only segment as per Accounting Standard – 17 on 
Segment Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
Note 37: Balance Confirmations
The balances in the accounts of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Loans and Advances, Other Current Assets 
and Other Current Liabilities are subject to confirmation / reconciliation, if any; the Management does not 
expect any significant variance from the reported figures.
    
Note 38: General Remarks to Financial Statements
(a) The company is registered person under the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Act, 2017. During the year, the 
company has availed various input tax credits of GST paid on procurement of goods and services. The compa-
ny is in the process of reconciliation of such input tax credits with its vendors and the GST returns filed during 
the year. Effects of such reconciliation, if any, have not been considered in the books of accounts.  
   
(b) We have applied test check method of vouching regarding purchase, sales, vouchers, expenses, whenever 
we found necessary. 
(c) Normally the company is regular in payment of all statutory dues. There were no statutory dues outstand-
ing for more than six months as on 31-03-2025. 
(d) We have not physically verified cash in hand and closing stock as on 31-03-2025. Cash balance and quan-
titative details of stock have been certified by the management and accepted & relied upon by us. Due to the 
high volume and nature of business, it is not possible to verify quantitative details of the goods manufactured 
and traded by the Company. 
(e) There have been no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date, which require adjustment of, or disclo-
sure in, the financial statements or notes thereto. 
(f) The company has complied with all aspects of contractual agreements that could have a material effect 
on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. To the best of our knowledge there has been no 
non-compliance with requirements of regulatory authorities that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements in the event of non-compliance. 
(h) Previous period figures have been regrouped, re-arranged and re-classified wherever necessary to con-
form to current period’s classification 
(i) The financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on May 
30, 2025. 
(j) The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through May 30, 2025, the 
date at which the financial statements were available to be issued, and determined that there are no mate-
rial items to disclose.
Note 39: Other Statutory Information
(a) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending 
against the Company for holding any Benami property. 
(b) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond 
the statutory period. 
(c) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year 
as well as in the previous financial year. 
(d) The Company has not made any contribution to any political party during the current financial year as well 
as in the previous financial year. 
(e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), includ-
ing foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: 
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or  
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
(f) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company has not 
received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the under-
standing (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall 
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
(g) The Company has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been 
[[PAGE 72]]
138 139
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 
(such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961). 
(h) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company has not 
granted any loans or advances in nature of loans to promoters, directors and KMPs either severally or jointly 
with any other person during the year ended March 31, 2025.
(i) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank, financial institution, government or 
government authority.     
(j) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-to-use assets) or intan-
gible assets during the year ended March 31, 2025.
(k) As per information received from the management, there were no transactions entered with the compa-
nies which are struck off.
Note 40: Audit Trail 
The Company has used the accounting software for maintaining its books of accounts which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant trans-
actions recorded in the software. Further, there have been no instances of audit trail feature being tampered 
with in respect of these accounting software where the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the audit 
trail of previous year has been preserved as per the statutory requirements for record retention, to the ex -
tent it was enabled.
Note 41: Backup of Books of Accounts 
The Company is maintaining its books of account in electronic mode and these books of account are acces-
sible in India at all times and the back-up of books of account has been kept in servers physically located in 
India on a daily basis.
Note 42: Investment in Subsidiaries
During the year, with an aim to expand business operations and to enter new markets, product lines, etc. 
under a separate entity i.e., Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited, a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, was incorporated on July 29, 2024. This is second subsidiary company after the YLP Solutions Pri-
vate Limited.
As per our report attached of even date
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No.121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as “the Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) 
which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, and the con-
solidated Statement of Cash Flow for the year then ended, and Notes to the consolidated financial statements, including significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give 
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting standards and accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the con-
solidated state of affairs of the Group as at 31 March 2025, of its consolidated profit and consolidated cash flows for the year then 
ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under 
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit 
of the Consolidated Financial Statements’  section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms of the Code of Ethics issued by the Insti-
tute of Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be key audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled the 
responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report, 
including relation to these matters. 
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material mis-
statement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures performed by us, including those procedures 
performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial state-
ments.
[[PAGE 73]]
140 141
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Revenue Recognition from Sales
Revenue is measured net of returns, discounts and rate 
difference on the Company’s sales.
Revenue is recognized when the control of the 
underlying products has been transferred to the 
customer. Accuracy of revenues, onerous obligations 
and profits may deviate significantly on account of 
change in judgements and estimates.
Considering the variability of assumptions involved in 
estimation of revenues, the same has been considered as 
a Key Audit Matter.
• Our audit procedures included the following:
• Assessing the appropriateness of the revenue recognition accounting 
policies, including those relating to sales returns, discounts and rate 
difference.
• Performing substantive testing (including year- end cutoff testing) by 
selecting samples of revenue transactions recorded during the year by 
verifying the underlying documents, which included sales invoices / 
e-invoice, etc.
• For sample customers, obtained and assessed the arrangements with 
the Company and impact on revenue recognition including their 
payment terms and right to returns.
• For sample customer balances, obtained direct confirmation and 
tested the reconciliations, if any.
2. Revenue Recognition from Government Grants
The Company’s revenues include revenue from 
government grants amounting to INR 975.24 Lakhs, 
disclosed under Note 21 ‘Revenue from Operations’
As per AS 12 “Accounting for Government Grant”, 
Government grants available to the enterprise are 
considered for inclusion in accounts:
(i) where there is reasonable assurance that the enterprise 
will comply with the conditions attached to them; and
(ii) where such benefits have been earned by the 
enterprise and it is reasonably certain that the ultimate 
collection will be made.
Our audit procedures included:
• We evaluated the recognition and measurement principles of 
sanctioning grants under the PLI Scheme and State Electronics 
Policy, ensuring compliance with accounting standards. This included 
assessing revenue recognition conditions and the proper allocation of 
incentives over the performance period.
• We verified the company’s compliance with PLI scheme eligibility 
criteria and performance obligations, ensuring documentation 
supported eligibility and annual cap of incentives.
• We assessed the adequacy of disclosure regarding PLI and IPS 
incentives in the financial statements and compliance with reporting 
requirements outlined by regulatory authorities.
3. Inventory Valuation
Inventories are held at the lower of landed cost and net 
realizable value (NRV).
Due to high volume and nature of products, the 
company is dealing with and the absence of adequate 
records, valuation of inventory may be misstated.
Also, NRV is being based on the assumptions/judgment 
of the management. Inappropriate assumptions of NRV 
can impact the assessment of the carrying value of 
inventories.
Our audit procedures included:
• Assessing the appropriateness of the inventory valuation method 
followed by the management and by comparing with applicable AS.
• Performing substantive testing (including year – end cut off testing) 
by selecting samples of inward and outward movement of inventory 
during the year by verifying the underlying documents, which 
included sales invoices / purchase invoice and bill of entry.
• Evaluating the design and implementation of the Company’s internal 
controls over the Landed Cost of Inventory and Net Realizable Value 
(NRV) assessment.
• Considered the valuation certificate provided by the management and 
stock statements submitted to the banks.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Other Information
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Annual Report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report(s) thereon. The 
Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the con-
solidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial 
statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consoli -
dated financial performance and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally ac-
cepted in India, including the Accounting Standards (AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of Directors 
of the companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregulari-
ties; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consol-
idated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Management and Board of 
Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are 
responsible for assessing the ability of their respective companies to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial re-
porting process of their respective companies.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and ap-
propriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher 
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related dis -
closures made by the management.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of con-
solidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. If we con -
clude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
[[PAGE 74]]
142 143
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with -
in the Group of which we are the independent auditors and whose financial information we have audited, to express an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of 
the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other companies included in the consoli-
dated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regard-
ing independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare cir -
cumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, and on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the Company as we consid-
ered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the CARO reports issued by 
the respective auditors of companies included in the consolidated financial statements, to which reporting under CARO is 
applicable, we report as under:
Sr. 
No. Name CIN
Holding 
Company / 
Subsidiary
Clause number of CARO 
report which is qualified 
or is adverse
1 Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited
L74999MH2015PLC268355 Holding 
Company
(i) (a), (vii) (b)
2 YLP Solutions Private Limited U72900MH2014PTC255661 Subsidiary NIL
3 Virtuoso Polymers Private 
Limited
U2209DL2024PTC434773 Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
NIL
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the extent applicable that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to the preparation of the aforesaid consolidation of 
the financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books;
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and the Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flow dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of 
the consolidated financial statements;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards (AS) specified 
under Section 133 of the Act;
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 2025 
taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors who are 
appointed under Section 139 of the Act, of its subsidiary companies, none of the directors of the Group’s companies, 
incorporated in India, is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) 
of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of 
the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such con -
trols, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” to this report;
(g) In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports of other statutory auditors of the subsidiaries, incorporated in 
India, the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2025 has been paid/provided by the Holding Company 
and its subsidiaries incorporated in India to their directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with 
Schedule V to the Act;
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the report of the other auditors on separate financial state-
ments:
i. The Group did not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position in its consolidated financial 
statements;
ii. The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses;
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protec-
tion Fund by the Holding Company, its subsidiaries, incorporated in India during the year ended March 31, 2025. 
iv. 
a) The respective managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in 
India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us and the other auditors 
of such subsidiaries, respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Holding Company or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities, 
including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated 
in India (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene -
ficiaries;
b) The respective managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in 
India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us and the other auditors of 
such subsidiaries, respectively that represented that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds have been 
received by the Holding Company or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India from any person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Holding Company or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India shall directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Parties (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; and
c) Based on such audit procedures performed that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circum -
stances performed by us and that performed by the auditors of the subsidiaries, which are incorporated in India 
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to 
believe that the representations under sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.
v. The Holding Company and its subsidiaries has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year.
[[PAGE 75]]
144 145
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks and that performed by us and the auditor of the associate 
which are companies incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, the Holding 
Company and subsidiaries, has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, we and auditor of the above referred subsidiaries 
did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with in respect of the accounting softwares 
where the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the audit trail of previous year has been preserved by the Group 
as per the statutory requirements for record retention, to the extent it was enabled.
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 25121597BMIFYZ6893
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors’ Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Virtuoso Opto-
electronics Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (”the Act”).
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ’Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date)
Opinion
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsid-
iaries together referred to as “the Group”), which are incorporated in India as of that date.
In our opinion, the Group, have,  maintained in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements and such internal financial controls  with reference to consolidated financial statements were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Hold-
ing Company considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of  Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group, which are companies incorporated in India, are re-
sponsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective Compa-
ny’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Fi-
nancial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, specified under section 143(10) 
of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both, issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guid-
ance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated Ind AS financial statements was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with ref-
erence to consolidated Ind AS financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judge-
ment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
A Company’s internal financial control with reference to consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
[[PAGE 76]]
146 147
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide rea-
sonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, including 
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the poli-
cies or procedures may deteriorate.
For Jain Chhajed & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 25121597BMIFYZ6893
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
I. CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company (“Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited”, “VOEPL”) having CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355 is public limited com-
pany incorporated and domiciled in India having its registered office at Plot No.7, MIDC Area, Trimbak Road, Satpur, Nashik 
– 422007, Maharashtra, India. The Company is engaged primarily in the in manufacturing, selling and marketing of White 
Goods. The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners and related components, Lighting and 
their components. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and related products to its customers. 
The equity shares of the Company are listed on The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) – SME Platform.
YLP Solutions Private Limited (CIN - U72900MH2014PTC255661) is a subsidiary company of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited 
was incorporated on 24th June, 2014 and engaged in the business of online sales and services of lighting and marketing, etc.
Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited (CIN - U2209DL2024PTC434773) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited was incorporated on 29th July, 2024 and engaged in the business of manufacturing of plastic components, thermocol, 
etc.
II. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Basis of preparation and measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards (AS) to comply with 
the Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 2013 Act”) and the relevant provisions and amendments, as applicable. The 
Company and its Indian subsidiary follows the mercantile system of accounting and recognizes income and expenditure on ac-
crual basis to the extent measurable and where there is certainty of ultimate realization in respect of incomes. Accounting pol-
icies not specifically referred to otherwise, are consistent and in consonance with the generally accepted accounting policies. 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention method unless otherwise specified 
and presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is also the company and its Indian subsidiary’s functional currency. All the amounts 
have been rounded-off to the nearest rupee, unless otherwise indicated.
Estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and disclosures are based upon 
management’s evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as of the date of the financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2025 were approved by the Board of 
Directors and authorized for issue on May 30, 2025.
(b) Basis of Consolidation
 The Company consolidates all entities which are controlled by it. 
The Company establishes control when; it has power over the entity, is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its 
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect the entity’s returns by using its power over relevant activities of the 
entity.
Entities controlled by the Company are consolidated from the date control commences until the date control ceases.
The results of subsidiaries acquired, or sold, during the year are consolidated from the effective date of acquisition and up to the 
effective date of disposal, as appropriate. The financial statements of the Group companies are consolidated on a line-by-line 
basis and all inter-company transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated in full on consolidation.
(c) Operating Cycle
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating cycle. An operating 
cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash or cash equivalents. The Group 
has identified twelve months as its operating cycle.
[[PAGE 77]]
148 149
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(d) Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue can be 
reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is being made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of amount received or 
receivable.
Sale of goods is recognized when significant risks & rewards of ownership of the goods are transferred to the buyer, usually on 
the delivery of goods.
Service income is recognized as per the terms of contract with customers when the related services are performed.
 Interest incomeis recognized using time proportionate method.
Other income (including rent, income from sale of scrap, income from claims received, etc.) is recognized on accrual basis. 
However, where the ultimate collection of the same is uncertain, revenue recognition is postponed to the extent of uncertainty.
Dividend income is accounted when right to receive is established.
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance of compliance with associated conditions and receipt of 
the grant. Accordingly, the Group has recognized its revenue from government grants separately in the income statement under 
“Other Source of Revenue – Government Grant and Incentives” to enhance transparency and allow users to assess the impact 
on the company’s financial performance.
(e) Property, Plant and Equipment:
 Recognition and measurement:
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. The cost 
of property, plant and equipment includes purchase price, including freight, duties, taxes and any costs directly attributable to 
bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by manage -
ment. 
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plantand equipment. 
Property, plant and equipment are derecognized from financial statements, either on disposal orwhen no economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. The gain or losses arising from disposal ofproperty, plant and equipment are recognized in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss in the year of occurrence.
Assets under construction include the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not ready to use at the balance sheet date. 
Advances paid to acquire property; plant and equipment before the balance sheet date are disclosed under other non-current 
assets. Assets under construction are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use.
The Group has capitalized R&D costs and is recognized at cost, comprising expenditures directly attributable to the design and 
testing of new products or processes. Costs incurred after technological feasibility is established are capitalized until the product 
or process is available for general release.
Subsequent expenditures
Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, plant and equipment are added to its carrying value only when it is 
probable that the future economic benefits from the asset will flow to the Group and cost can be reliably measured. All other 
repair and maintenance costs are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year in which they are incurred.
Intangible Assets
An intangible asset shall be recognized if, and only if:
(a) it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Group; and
(b) the cost of the asset can be measured reliably.
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible assets are amortized over their 
respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they are available for use.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its estimated residual value. 
Depreciation / Amortization on property, plant & equipment of the Company has been provided using the Straight-Line Method 
(SLM) based on the useful life specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The useful life is as follows:
Class of Asset Useful Life
Factory Building / Leasehold Improvements 30 years
Plant &Machinery 15 years
Electrical Installations 10 years
Furniture & Fixtures 10 years
Tools, Dies & Equipment 10 years
Office Equipment 5 years
Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 3 years
Servers & Networks 6 years
Motor Vehicles 8 years
Assets costing less than INR 5,000 are depreciated at 100% in the year of acquisition.
Assets acquired on lease and leasehold improvements are amortized over the primary period of the lease on straight line basis.
The estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant & equipment and intangible assets are reviewed at the end 
of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
The amortization of capitalized R&D costs is provided on a systematic basis over their estimated useful lives, which typically 
reflect the period over which the economic benefits from the asset are expected to be realized. The amortization method applied 
is generally the straight-line method unless another method better reflects the pattern of consumption of the economic benefits.
(f) Impairment of Assets
The carrying values of assets / cash generating units at each balance sheet date are reviewed for impairment if any indication 
of impairment exists.
The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired.  If any such indi-
cation exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset.  If such recoverable amount of the asset or recoverable 
amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced 
to its recoverable amount. 
The reduction is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss.  If at the Balance Sheet date 
there is an indication that if a previously assessed impairment loss no longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed and 
the asset is reflected at the recoverable amount.
(g) Foreign currency transactions:
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Group’s functional currency at exchange rates at the dates of the trans-
actions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency 
at the exchange rate at that date.
Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the 
date of the transaction.
[[PAGE 78]]
150 151
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from those 
at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous consolidated financial statements are rec-
ognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
(h) Investments:
Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which such in-
vestments are made, are classified as current investments. Current investments are carried in the financial statements at lower 
of cost and fair value determined on an individual investment basis.
Investment other than current investments, are classified as long-term investments and are stated at cost. Provision for diminu-
tion in value of Long term investments is made only if such a decline is other than temporary.
 
(i) Inventories:
•	 Inventories are valued at cost or market price whichever is less in the case of finished and semi-finished goods and at 
cost in case of raw material. Cost comprises of cost of purchase, cost conversion & other cost for bringing the inventory 
to present location and condition.
•	 The net realizable value of work-in-progress is determined with reference to the selling prices of related finished products.
•	 Raw material, components and other supplies held for use in the production of finished products are not written down 
below cost except in cases where material prices are declined, and it is estimated that the cost of finished products will 
exceed their net realizable value.
•	 Traded goods are valued at cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition.
•	 The value of write down and circumstances, if any are disclosed in the notes pertaining to the inventories. There is no 
reversal of write down.
(j) Taxes on Income:
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
Current Tax
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and anyadjustment to 
the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted orsubstantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Group:
i) has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
ii) intends either to realize the asset and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Deferred Tax
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences tothe extent 
there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which such deferred taxasset can be realized. 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that the related 
tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax 
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, 
at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
i) the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and
ii) The deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the 
same taxable entity.
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT)
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance to the tax laws, which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of 
adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal 
income tax. Accordingly, MAT is recognized as an asset in the balance sheet when it is probable that the future economic benefit 
associated with it will flow to the Group and the asset can be measured reliably.
(k) Leases:
Finance Lease
Agreements are classified as finance leases, if substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the leased asset 
is transferred to the lessee.
Operating Lease
Agreements which are not classified as finance leases are considered as operating lease.
Operating lease payments/income are recognised as an expense/income in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on a 
straight line basis over the lease term unless there is another systematic basis which is more representativeof the time pattern 
of the lease.
(l) Borrowing Costs:
Borrowing cost includes interest, amortization of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings and 
exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest 
cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial 
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. There are no 
borrowing costs capitalized during the year.
All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to differ settlement of liability for at 
least 12 months after the reporting period.
(m) Related Party
The disclosures of transactions with related parties, their outstanding balances, terms & conditions, securities offered and guar-
antees given are disclosed in Note No. 31. The Group has not made provision for doubtful debts in respect of any of the related 
parties. The Group has not written-off or written back any amount in respect of above related parties.
(n) Earnings per share:
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year. 
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax as adjusted for dividend, interest and other 
charges to expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating to the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted 
average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and the weighted average number of equity 
shares which could have been issued on conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
(o) Business Combinations
The Group accounts for its business combinations under acquisition method of accounting. Acquisition related costs are recog-
nized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent 
liabilities that meet the condition for recognition are recognized at their fair values at the acquisition date.
[[PAGE 79]]
152 153
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Purchase consideration paid in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. Where the fair value of 
identifiable assets and liabilities exceed the cost of acquisition, after reassessing the fair values of the net assets and contingent 
liabilities, the excess is recognized as capital reserve.
The interest of minority interests is initially measured either at fair value or at the minority interest’s proportionate share of the 
acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent 
to acquisition, the carrying amount of minority interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the minority 
interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries.
(p) Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand deposit and short-term deposits with 
anoriginal maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short term deposits, as defined 
above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Group’s cash management.
(q) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets:
The Group recognizes a provision when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable esti-
mate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of 
the Group or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(r) Dividend:
Dividend to the equity shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Group’s financial statements in the periodin which the 
dividend is approved by the shareholders.
(s) Events after reporting date:
Where events occurring after the balance sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting pe-
riod, the impact of such events is adjusted with the consolidated financial statements. Otherwise, eventsafter the balance sheet 
date of material size or nature are only disclosed.
(t) Segment Reporting:
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision 
maker.The primary operating segment of Group is business segment. Since majority of the assets are located at single place and 
are of common nature, management has decided not to bifurcate the same into segment wise assets & liabilities. 
The Geographic Segments identified, as Secondary Segment are “Domestic Market” and “Export Market”.
(u) Cash Flow Statement 
The Cash Flow statement is prepared by indirect method set out in AS 3 - “Cash Flow Statements” and present cash flows by 
operating, investing and financing activities of the Group.
(v) Trade Receivables
A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if it is in respect of the amount due on account of goods sold or services rendered 
in the normal course of business.
The management is authorized, whenever required, to execute / transfer / assign Group’s right to claim on its trade receivables 
in favour of its trade payables to avoid getting stuck in debt recovery loop and affect its operations, by executing proper docu-
mentation to that effect in favour of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade receivables is reduced to such 
extent of debts which are assigned in favor of creditors.
(w) Trade and other payables
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year which are 
unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after reporting 
period. For trade and other payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
The management of the Group, whenever required, can execute and transfer its right to claim on its trade receivables in favour 
of its trade payables to avoid financial crunch and getting stuck in trade payable payment pressure and affect its operations, by 
executing proper documentation to that effect in favour of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade payable 
is reduced to such extent of debts which are assigned in their favor.
Employee Stock Options Plan
Expenses related to ESOPs are recognized based on the fair value of options granted to employees over the vesting period. Fair 
value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques and is certified by the Registered Valuer. 
Management is required to make estimates regarding employee turnover and the likelihood of option exercise. These estimates 
are based on historical data, industry trends, and management’s judgment. However, actual employee turnover and option ex-
ercise may differ from these estimates, leading to adjustments in subsequent periods.
(x) CSR Expenditure
The Group allocates CSR expenditure based on the nature of the initiatives undertaken during the financial year. Expenditure is 
categorized and disclosed accordingly to provide transparency on the utilization of resources.
The Group periodically evaluates the impact of its CSR activities to assess their effectiveness in achieving the desired social 
and environmental objectives. Key performance indicators are utilized to measure and monitor the outcomes of CSR initiatives.
[[PAGE 80]]
154 155
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr. No. Particulars Note 
No
 As at 
31st March 2025
 As at 
31st March 2024
 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    
1 Shareholders’ Funds    
(a) Share Capital 3 2,948.88 2,633.88
 (b) Reserves and Surplus 4 25,232.43 16,314.98
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants 5 - 2,008.91
 Total Equity 28,181.30 20,957.77
 
2 Minority Interest 8.78 5.33
 2 Share Application Money pending allotment - -
 
 3 Non-Current Liabilities
 (a) Long-Term Borrowings 6 8,260.44 6,041.05
 (b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 7 1,145.61 480.68
 (c) Other Long-Term Liabilities - -
 (d) Long Term Provisions 8 86.29 48.69
 Total Non-Current Liabilities 9,501.12 6,575.75
 4 Current Liabilities
 (a) Short-Term Borrowings 9 8,889.57 7,456.09
 (b) Trade Payables 10
 - Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises & Small Enterprises (MSME) 775.78 245.84
 - Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than Micro Enterprises & Small 
Enterprises
12,425.25 9,580.48
 (c) Other Current Liabilities 11 63.94 45.20
 (d) Short Term Provisions 12 1,365.14 718.46
 Total Current Liabilities 23,519.68 18,046.07
 
 Total Liabilities 61,202.11 45,579.58
  
 ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
 (a) Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets 13
 (i) Property, Plant & Equipment 20,833.28 13,028.79
 (ii) Other Intangible Assets 21.59 26.40
(iii) Goodwill on Consolidation 0.22 0.22
 (iv) Capital Work-in-Progress 4,807.31 689.13
(v) Intangible Assets under Development - -
 (b) Non-Current Investments 14 883.02 988.13
 (c) Deferred Tax Assets (Net) - -
 (d) Long-Term Loans & Advances 15 3,297.56 -
 (e) Other Non-Current Assets 16 399.17 277.52
 Total Non-Current Assets  30,242.14 15,010.19
 
3 Current Assets  
 (a) Current Investments 17 3,293.75 9,033.38
 (b) Inventories 18 21,307.92 16,476.35
(c) Trade Receivables 19 3,057.82 2,130.57
(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents 20 235.56 8.66
 (e) Short-Term Loans & Advances 21 47.54 20.11
 (f) Other Current Assets 22 3,017.38 2,900.33
Total Current Assets 30,959.97 30,569.39
 Total Assets 61,202.11 45,579.58
Significant Accounting Policies 1
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 As per our report of even date
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No. 121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs), except EPS
Sr.
No. Particulars Note No Year Ended 
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
1 Income   
 (a) Revenue from Operations 23 69,771.63 53,106.45
 (b) Other Income 24 504.25 122.14
 Total Income 70,275.88 53,228.59
  
2 Expenses
 (a) Cost of raw material consumed 25 60,843.75 46,146.22
 (b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress 
&stock-in-trade 
26 (352.96) (382.85)
 (c) Employee Benefits Expenses 27 2,050.71 1,292.63
 (d) Finance costs 28 2,538.12 2,004.95
 (e) Depreciation and amortization expense 13 1,026.72 1,829.60
 (f) Other Expenses 29 1,653.99 901.38
 Total Expenses 67,760.32 51,791.93
    
3 Profit Before Tax (PBT) 2,515.56 1,436.66
4 Tax Expenses:
 (a) Current Tax 441.39 251.81
 (b) Deferred Tax Charge / (Benefit) 664.93 167.81
  
5 Profit after Tax (PAT) 1,409.23 1,017.04
Paid up Equity Share Capital
(Face Value of Rs. 10/- each)
2,948.88 2,633.88
 Reserves excluding Revaluation Reserves 25,232.43 16,314.98
Earning per Equity Share (EPS)
 (Basic EPS for the period) 34 5.30 4.40
(Diluted EPS for the period) 34 5.25 4.32
 
Significant Accounting Policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 As per our report of even date
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No. 121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 81]]
156 157
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs) 
S r . 
No. Particulars  Year ended  
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
1 Cash Flow from Operating Activities   
 Net Profit Before Tax 2,514.33 1,437.89
 Adjustments for:
 Depreciation 1,026.72 1,829.60
 Finance Cost 2,537.98 2,004.95
 Interest on Fixed Deposits (442.03) (90.17)
Adjustment in Reserves - Excess Provision for Taxation - 1.73
Adjustment of IPO Expenses - Securities Premium (207.76) (362.05)
 Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes 5,429.24 4,821.95
 Changes in Working Capital
 (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables (927.26) 502.44
 (Increase) / Decrease in Other Assets (246.58) (2,503.17)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories (4,831.57) (2,634.18)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables 3,407.85 1,120.69
 Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities & Provisions 668.30 317.53
 Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations 3,499.98 1,625.26
 Income Taxes Paid (439.80) (250.50)
 Net Cash Flow / (used in) Operating Activities (A) 3,060.18 1,374.75
2 Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investments in Property, Plant &Equipment (12,944.57) (6,096.78)
Investments in Subsidiary Company - (3.10)
Advance for Property Purchase (3,317.11) -
Investment in Fixed Deposits 5,844.75 (8,998.59)
 Interest on Fixed Deposits 442.03 90.17
 Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Investing Activities (B) (9,974.91) (15,008.30)
3 Cash Flow from Financing Activities
 Proceeds from Preferential Issue – SME Platform - 8,928.76
Proceeds from Share Warrants 6,026.74 2,008.91
Proceeds from Borrowings 3,652.87 4,673.92
Payment of Finance Costs (2,537.98) (2,004.95)
 Net Cash Flow from / (used in) Financing Activities (C) 7,141.63 13,606.64
 Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 226.90 (26.91)
 Cash & Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 8.66 35.57
 Cash &Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 235.56 8.66
Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises
Balances with Bank
- On Current / Escrow Accounts 235.34 6.51
- Deposits with original maturity of less than three months - -
- Cash on Hand 0.22 2.16
 Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year 235.56 8.66
The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in Accounting Standard – 3, “Cash Flow 
Statement” notified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, whereby profit before tax is adjusted for the effects of trans-
actions of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
1. Cash comprise cash on hand, current accounts and deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short term balances (with 
original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of change in value.
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
 As per our report of even date
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No. 121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
Place: Nashik
Date:  May 30, 2025
[[PAGE 82]]
158 159
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 3 : Share Capital
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Authorised 
3,50,00,000 (Previous year : 2,60,00,000) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each  3,500.00  3,500.00 
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up
2,94,88,756 (Previous year : 2,63,38,756) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each fully paid 
up
 2,948.88  2,633.88 
Total  2,948.88  2,633.88 
During the previous financial year ended March 31, 2024, the Company had allotted 31,50,000 Equity War-
rants, each convertible into one equity share of the Company at a price of ₹255.10 per warrant (comprising 
₹10 face value and ₹245.10 as share premium). In accordance with the terms of the issue, 25% of the issue 
price, i.e., ₹63.775 per warrant, was received at the time of allotment, aggregating to approximately ₹20.08 
crores.  
During the current financial year ended March 31, 2025, the balance 75% of the issue price, i.e., ₹191.325 per 
warrant, was received upon conversion, aggregating to approximately ₹60.26 crores. Pursuant to the receipt 
of the full consideration, all 31,50,000 share warrants have been converted into corresponding equity shares, 
thereby resulting in a increase in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The aforesaid allotment 
was approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on March 1, 2025.
Pursuant to the allotment of equity shares as referred to in the foregoing point, the paid-up share capital of 
the Company has increased from ₹26,33,87,560 (Rupees Twenty-Six Crore Thirty-Three Lakh Eighty-Sev-
en Thousand Five Hundred Sixty only) to ₹29,48,87,560 (Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Forty-Eight Lakh 
Eighty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred Sixty only).
(a) Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars  As at  March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024 
No. of Shares Amount (Rs.)  No. of Shares  Amount (Rs.) 
Outstanding at the beginning of the year  2,63,38,756  2,633.88  2,28,38,656  2,283.87 
Add : Conversion of Share Warrants into Equity Shares  31,50,000  315.00  -    -   
Add : Preferential Issue during the year  -    -    35,00,100  350.01 
Outstanding at the end of the year  2,94,88,756  2,948.88  2,63,38,756  2,633.88 
(b) Terms / rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a face value of Rs. 10/- Per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled 
to one vote per share and dividend in Indian rupees, if proposed by the Board of Directors,  which is subject to the approval of the 
shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors have not declared dividend for the year ending 31st 
March, 2025.
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of the 
company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held 
by the shareholders.
Note 4 : Reserves and Surplus
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
" As at  
March 31, 2025 
"
" As at  
March 31, 2024 
"
(a) General Reserves
Balance as at the beginning of the year  2,355.26  1,338.13 
Add : Net Profit / (Net Loss) as per Statement of Profit and Loss  1,404.55  1,015.39 
Add: Adjustment in Reserves - Income Tax  -    1.73 
Add: Post acquisition share of YLP Subsidiary -  - 
Add: Post acquisition share of Polymer Subsidiary -  -   
Closing Balance  3,759.81  2,355.26 
(b) Securities Premium
Balance as at the beginning of the year  13,959.73  5,743.03 
Less: Balance utilised on issue of bonus shares  -    -   
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year (IPO)  -    -   
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year (Preferential Issue)  7,720.65  8,578.75 
Less: Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses  (207.76)  (362.05)
Closing Balance  21,472.62  13,959.73 
Balance as at the end of the year  25,232.43  16,314.98 
Footnote:
(a) The company has issued Convertible share warrants - 31,50,000 at Rs. 255.10/- per share, including securities premium of Rs. 
245.10/- per share.
(b) Expenses related to preferential issue were adjusted against the securities premium.
Note 5 : Money Received against Share Warrants
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Money received against Share Warrants
Issue of Share Warrants  -    2,008.91 
Total  -    2,008.91 
Footnote:
(d) Details of shares held by the promoters
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year % Change 
during the yearPromoter Name No. of Shares % of Total 
Shares
Mr. Sukrit Bharati  1,52,57,059 51.74% -3.91%
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the aggregate shares in the Company
Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
No. of Shares %  No. of Shares   % 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati  1,52,57,059 51.74%  1,46,57,059 55.65%
Other Shareholders  1,42,31,697 48.26%  1,16,81,697 44.35%
Total  2,94,88,756 100.00%  2,63,38,756 100.00%
As per the records of the company, including its register of shareholders / members and other declarations received from the 
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial ownership of shares.
[[PAGE 83]]
160 161
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 7 :  Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Opening Balance  480.54  313.09 
Add: Deferred Tax Liabilities arising on account of temporary differences  655.07  167.59 
Closing Balance  1,145.61  480.68 
Note 8 :  Long Term Provisions
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Provisions for Employee Benefits
Provisions for Gratuity  26.05  18.25 
Deferred Employee Compensation Expenses  60.24  30.44 
Total  86.29  48.69 
Footnote:
(a) FY 2023-24, the company has issued 31,50,000 Equity Warrants convertible into same number of equity shares at a price of 
Rs.255.10/- per Share Warrant (including a share premium of Rs.245.10/- per Share Warrant), of which Rs.63.775/- per warrant, 
i.e., 25% of Rs.255.10/- was received.
(b) Further, during FY 2024-25, the Company received the remaining 75% of the consideration for the aforesaid warrants, 
amounting to Rs. 6,026.74 lakhs, which were subsequently converted into equity shares.
Note 6 : Long-Term Borrowings
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Term Loans - Secured from Banks & Financial Institutions
(a) Axis Bank 1763.52 1373.59
(b) Yes Bank 130.92  200.10 
(c) Mahindra Finance  -   940.01 
(d) SIDBI 525.96 725.60
(e) HDFC GECL   2849.69 2253.95 
(f) ICICI Bank 2101.38 816.30
(g)Bajaj Finance Limited  1,087.60  -   
(h) Union Bank  768.58  913.25 
Footnote:
(a) The company has availed term loans / GECL loans from various Banks for the investments in Property, Plant and Equipment. The rate of interest varies 
from 7.70% p.a. to 9.50% p.a. These loans are secured by way of: 
(i) Hypothecation & Exclusive Charge of Plant and Machinery procured out of term loans
(ii) Pari passu / Second pari passu charge on current assets for both present and future
(iii) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments
(iv) Guarantee given by National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC) and extension of charge on current assets for GECL Term Loans
(v) Equitable mortgage of industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, Madhya Pradesh owned by M/s Luma Lamp Private 
Limited
(vi) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. F-108 situated in MIDC Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Reprolite Papers 
(India) Pvt Ltd.
(vii)First Charge / Second pari passu charge on industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Virtuoso Optoelec-
tronics Limited
(viii)Unconditional and Irrecoverable Personal Guarantee of Managing Director
(ix) Corporate Guarantee of Associate Concerns / Property Owners - M/s Filament & Filaments , M/s Luma Lamps Private Limited & M/s Reprolite Papers 
(India) Pvt Ltd.
(x) Lien on Fixed Deposits with the Banks / Financial Institutions
(xi) Hypothecation of Vehicles purchased out of Auto Loan.
(a) The provision for Gratuity is a non fund based provision and is made on the basis of Acturial Report.
Note 9 : Short-Term Borrowings
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Short Term Borrowings - Secured from Banks & Financial Institutions
(a) Axis Bank  - Cash Credit Limit  858.67  229.46 
(b) Axis Bank Limited (PO - Finance)  -    (0.66)
(c) Union Bank  13.42  13.26 
(d) ICICI Bank - Cash Credit Limit  137.57  425.71 
(e) HDFC Bank - Cash Credit Limit  579.53  856.86 
(f) HDFC Bank WCDL  1,800.00  1,132.08 
(g) Axis Bank WCDL  1,800.00  1,800.00 
(h) ICICI Bank WCDL  1,352.97  1,235.85 
Short Term Borrowings - Unsecured
(d) From Directors - Repayable on Demand  -    -   
Short Term Maturities of Long Term Debts  2,347.41  1,763.53 
Total  8,889.57  7,456.09 
Footnote:
(a) The company has availed cash credit loan from the Axis / HDFC & ICICI Banks. As per sanction letter, rate of interest is in the 
range of 9.15% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. and these limits are secured by way of: 
    (i) Primary Security of hypothecation of Stocks, Book Debts;
    (ii)Charge on all existing and future current assets; 
   (iii)Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC Satpur Nashik owned 
by M/s Filaments & Filaments; 
    (iv)Industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, MP owned by M/s Luma Lamp Private Limited; 
    (v)Personal / Corporate Guarantee of Directors and Associate Concerns;
   (vi) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on No. F-108 situated in MIDC Satpur, Nashik owned 
by M/s Reprolite Papers (India) Private Limited; 
   (vii) Paripassu charge on Industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Virtuoso 
Optoelectronics Limited (collateral security).
(b) The company has utilized the borrowings from the Banks for the specific purpose for which the same is taken.
Note 10 :  Trade Payables
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Trade Payables
Other than due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME)  12,425.25  9,580.48 
Amount due to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME)  775.78  245.84 
Total  13,201.03  9,826.32 
Footnote:
(a) The above figures of Trade Payables are shown as net of advances paid to the local / foreign suppliers.
(b) The average credit period on purchases is 1 to 6 months.
(c) The above includes payables to related parties. Refer note 33 for more details
(d) Kindly refer Note No. 2(w) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade payables.
(e) Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as certified by the management is provided as follows:
[[PAGE 84]]
162 163
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 12 : Short-Term Provisions
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
(a) Statutory Dues Payable
GST Payable  598.55  140.75 
TDS Payable  83.18  61.17 
TCS Payable  0.88  1.96 
Profession Tax Payable (Employees)  0.55  0.38 
PF Payable  3.18  2.24 
ESIC Payable  0.06  0.31 
Provision for Income Tax  441.39  251.80 
(b) Other Provisions
Salary and Bonus Payable  31.24  91.77 
Rent Payable  10.76  32.17 
Provisions for Gratuity  1.83  1.95 
Provisions for Leave Encashment  3.74  3.77 
Audit Fees Payable  15.70  14.00 
Electricity Charges Payable  45.64  45.43 
Jobwork & Labour Expenses Payable  68.86  33.70 
Security Service Expense Payable  5.57  4.13 
Telephone Charges Payable  0.25  0.21 
Provision for Expenses  53.76  32.72 
Total  1,365.14  718.46 
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
i) MSME 290.08 485.70  -    -    -    775.78 
ii) Others 7593.08 4832.17  -    -    -    12,425.25 
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME -  -    -    -    -    -   
iv) Disputed Dues -Others -  -    -    -    -    -   
Total 7883.16 5317.87  -    -    -    13,201.03 
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2024
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total"Less than  
1 year" 1-2 years 2-3 years "More than  
3 years"
i) MSME  154.95  90.89  -    -    -    206.64 
ii) Others  8488..77  1,091.71  -    -    -   9580.48
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
iv) Disputed Dues -Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total 8643.72 1182.60  -    -    -   9826.32
Note 11 : Other Current Liabilities
Particulars
As at 31st 
March,
2025
As at 31st 
March,
2024
Other Current liabilities
Advance from customers 22.59 37.34
Other Current Liabilities 41.35 7.86
Total 63.94 45.20
PAGE INTENTIONALLY 
LEFT BLANK
[[PAGE 85]]
164 165
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 13 : Property, Plant & Equipment
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr. 
No. Particulars Useful Life SLM Rate  Gross Carrying Amount  Depreciation  Net Carrying Amount 
 As at April 1, 
2024 
 Additions 
during the year 
 Deletions 
during the year 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
 As at April 1, 
2024 
 Additions 
during the year 
 Deletions 
during the year 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
 As at March 31, 
2024 
A Tangible 
Assets
1 Land at Satpur 
MIDC
- -  157.00  -    -    157.00  -    -    -    -    157.00  157.00 
2 Factory 
Building - 
Satpur
30 3.17%  979.00  45.19  -    1,024.20  226.82  26.79  -    253.60  770.59  752.19 
3 "Factory 
Building - Janori  
(Leasehold 
Improvements)"
30 3.17%  140.36  -    -    140.36  32.54  3.42  -    35.96  104.40  107.82 
4 Plant and 
Machinery
15 6.33%  12,709.11  6,365.72  -    19,074.83  2,511.22  774.03  -    3,285.25  15,789.59  10,197.89 
5 Tools, Dies & 
Equipments
10 9.50%  644.68  683.42  -    1,328.10  361.51  37.93  -    399.44  928.66  283.17 
6 Research & 
Development 
Tools
10 9.50%  506.45  327.49  -    833.94  61.22  46.60  -    107.81  726.12  445.23 
 -    -   
7 Electrical 
Installations
10 9.50%  1,160.00  506.06  1,666.06  332.03  89.12  -    421.14  1,244.92  827.98 
 -    -    -    -    -   
8 Furniture & 
Fixtures
10 9.50%  300.99  56.81  -    357.80  139.28  20.26  -    159.55  198.25  161.71 
 -    -    -    -    -   
9 Office 
Equipments
5 19.00%  4.00  10.24  -    14.25  2.17  0.90  -    3.08  11.17  1.83 
 -    -    -    -    -   
10 Computer 
Devices, 
Laptops, etc.
3 31.67%  47.78  55.67  -    103.44  30.03  10.10  -    40.13  63.31  17.74 
11 Servers & 
Networks
6 39.30%  3.61  57.87  -    61.48  1.11  3.64  -    4.75  56.73  2.50 
12 Motor Vehicles 8 11.88%  77.22  20.24  -    97.46  16.79  7.30  -    24.09  73.37  60.43 
Total  16,730.20  8,128.72  -    24,858.92  3,714.73  1,020.08  -    4,734.81  20,124.11  13,015.47 
(Previous Year)  10,735.08  5,995.13  -    16,730.20  1,887.82  1,826.91  -    3,714.73  13,015.47  8,847.26 
B Capital Work-
in-Progress
1 Plant & 
Machinery
15 18.10%  689.13  4,102.16  -    4,791.29  -    -    -    -    4,791.29  689.13 
Total  689.13  4,102.16  -    4,791.29  -    -    -    -    4,791.29  689.13 
(Previous Year)  600.42  689.13  600.42  689.13  -    -    -    -    689.13  600.42 
[[PAGE 86]]
166 167
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note 14 : Non - Current Investments
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Investments in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks and Financial Institutions  848.48  935.17 
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit  34.53  52.97 
Total  883.02  988.13 
Footnote:
(a) Investments in Fixed Deposits are provided as security (lien) against the finance obtained from banks and financial institutions.
Note 15 : Long Term Loans & Advances
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Capital Advances
Advance for Capital Goods  3,279.00  -   
Advance for Capital goods  18.56 -
Total  3,297.56  -   
Footnote:
(a) The Company has entered into a transaction for the purchase of land and building located at Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik 
from M/s. Filaments & Filaments. Accordingly, an advance of Rs. 2,418.00 Lakhs was paid during the financial year 2024–25 
towards this acquisition. As the registered sale deed / documentation for above property was executed in the subsequent financial 
year, the advance paid has been classified under Long Term Capital Advances as at 31st March 2025.
(b) The Company has entered into a transaction for the purchase of land and building located at Gat No. 40 & 41, Mohadi, 
Nashik from Nikitha Shravan Poddatur. An advance of Rs. 861.00 Lakhs was paid during the financial year 2024–25 towards this 
acquisition.
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
i) Undisputed Trade receivables – 
considered good
3,036.38 11.9 0.52 9.02 3,057.82
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - -
iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - -
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good
- - - - -
v) Disputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - -
vi) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - -
Total 3,036.38 11.9 0.52 9.02 3,057.82
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than  
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
i) Undisputed Trade receivables – 
considered good
1,868.07 252.77 0.71 9.02 2,130.57
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - -
iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - -
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good
- - - -
v) Disputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - -
vi) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - -
Total 1,868.07 252.77 0.71 9.02 2,130.57
Note 16 : Other Non - Current Assets
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Security Deposits
Deposit for Government Tender #  60.10  102.11 
Gas Connection Deposit  0.25  0.25 
MSEDCL Deposit - Factory  64.95  56.55 
Security Rent Deposit  273.71  118.43 
BSNL Telephone Deposit  0.17  0.17 
Total  399.17  277.52 
Footnote:
(a) Deposits for Government Tender includes deposits of Rs. 60.00 Lakhs paid to Municipal Commissioner - Punchkulla (Haryana) 
against LED Street Lighting Contract awarded to the company. This contract has been revoked by the Haryana State Government 
and the company has filed with MSME Samadhan Platform and District Court, Nashik for compensation.
Note 17 : Current Investments
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Investments in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks (Short Term)  3,293.75  9,033.38 
Total  3,293.75  9,033.38 
Footnote:
(a) Investments in fixed deposits is from the proceeds of preferential issue of Equity Shares and Equity Share Warrants deployed 
on short term basis.
Note 18 : Inventories
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Inventories (valued at lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials  19,777.22  15,361.03 
Work-in-progress  587.31  706.42 
Finished Goods  943.39  408.89 
Total  21,307.92  16,476.35 
Footnote:
[[PAGE 87]]
168 169
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(a) Method of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2 (i) of Significant Accounting Policies.
Note 19 : Trade Receivables
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured & Considered Good
Trade Receivables for supply of goods and services  3,057.82  2,130.57 
Total  3,057.82  2,130.57 
Footnote:
(a) The above figures of Trade Receivables are shown as net of advances / raw material received from the customers.
(b) The above includes receivables from related parties. Refer note 33 for more details
(c) Kindly refer Note No. 2(v) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade receivables.
Note 20 : Cash and Cash Equivalents
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Balances with Banks
In Current and Deposit Accounts  211.25  6.51 
In Escrow Accounts  -    - 
Cheques on hand  -    -   
Cash in hand  24.31 2.16 
Total  235.56  8.66 
Note 21 : Short Term Loans & Advances
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Other Advances
Advance to Staff  28.11    16.40   
Advance to Suppliers 18.11 -
Advance to Related parties  -  3.71 
TDS Receivables 1.32 -
Total  47.54  20.11 
Note 22 : Other Current Assets
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Balance with Revenue Authorities
TDS Receivables  108.57  41.30 
TCS Receivables  1.52  1.24 
GST Receivables (Excess ITC) 133.40 3.58
Advance Tax  480.00  325.00 
Customs Duty Receivable  0.03  0.16 
Export Duty Receivable  -    0.36 
Government Grants & Incentives Receivable  2,108.73  2,243.22 
Other Assets
TDS Receivable - NBFC  4.88  5.14 
Prepaid Insurance  -    31.06 
Reimbursement of Stipend Claim (NAPS Scheme)  9.19  11.81 
Prepaid Expenses  127.99  76.77 
Preliminary / Preoperative expenses  43.08  160.69 
Total  3,017.38  2,900.33 
Footnote:
(a) Government Grants & Incentives Receivable includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of Maharashtra under the 
Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
(b) Pre-operative expenses includes expenditure incurred on the new plants located at Mohadi & Vilholi, where commercial 
operations have not yet started. Both the new plants will be operational in the next financial year.
Note 23 : Revenue from Operations
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Sale of Products & Services
Sale of Lighting, Consumer Durables, etc.  68,168.57  51,136.26 
Service Income  627.82  13.13 
Other Sources of Revenue
Government Grant and Incentives  975.24  1,957.06 
Total  69,771.63  53,106.45 
Footnote:
(a) Government Grants & Incentives includes the subsidy sanctioned by the Government of Maharashtra under the Electronics 
Policy, 2016 and subsidy sanctioned under the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
Note 24 : Other Income
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Other Income
Interest on Fixed Deposits  442.09  90.31 
Foreign Exchange Gain  54.45  25.04 
Discount Received  1.70  -   
Misc. Income -  Liabilities not payable  2.66  6.43 
Export Duty Drawback  3.34  0.36 
Total  504.25  122.14 
Note 25 : Cost of raw materials consumed
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Raw material consumed
Inventory at the beginning of the year  15,361.03  13,109.70 
Add : Purchases during the year - Indigenous  58,376.66  43,269.75 
Add : Purchases during the year - Imports  3,943.30    2,997.68   
Add : Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production  2,939.98  2,130.12 
Less : Inventory at the end of the year  (19,777.22)  (15,361.03)
Total  60,843.75  46,146.22 
Footnote:
(a) Above purchase figures are shown as net of rate differences, debit notes issued for defective materials and warranty claims.
(b) Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production: (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production
Freight Inward  376.72  212.16 
Conversion Cost - Manufacturing  1,521.23  1,056.93 
Electricity & Fuel Charges  539.86  387.54 
Customs Duty  384.52  384.22 
Clearing & Forwarding Expenses  94.42  73.92 
Loading & Unloading Charges  15.78  12.25 
[[PAGE 88]]
170 171
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Packing & Water Charges  0.45  0.22 
Tooling Cost  3.04  2.88 
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production  3.96  -   
Total  2,939.98  2,130.12 
Note 26 : Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Work in progress  408.89  253.00 
Finished Goods  706.42  479.47 
 1,115.32  732.47 
Inventories at the end of the year
Work in progress  587.31  408.89 
Finished Goods  880.97  706.42 
 1,468.28  1,115.32 
(Increase) / Decrease in inventories of finished goods  (352.96)  (382.85)
Note 27 : Employee Benefit Expenses
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Employee Benefit Expenses
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Other Allowances  1,423.02  800.52 
Directors' Remuneration  54.00  36.00 
Stipend Expenses - Internship  370.96  289.07 
Contribution to Provident Fund  36.12  26.19 
Contribution to ESIC Fund  3.25  2.88 
MLWF Establishment Contribution (ERC)  0.33  0.15 
Expenses for Gratuity  9.11  9.56 
Expenses for Leave Encashment  4.40  4.50 
Staff Welfare Expenses  118.90  91.77 
Education, Training and Development  0.81  2.18 
Employee Compensation Expenses - ESOP  29.80  29.80 
Total  2,050.71  1,292.63 
Footnote:
(a) The Company has granted 2,59,140 options exercisable under Employee Stock Option Plan / Scheme-2023. Accordingly, ESOP 
- Employee Compensation Expenses booked for the year.
(b) Kindly refer Note No. 2(x) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding Employee Stock Options Plan.
Note 28 : Finance Cost
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Finance Cost
Interest on Loan  2,323.02  1,863.98 
Other Borrowing Cost  214.59  140.97 
Total  2,538.12  2,004.95 
Note 29 : Other Expenses
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Other Expenses
Payments to Auditors  15.55  10.40 
Printing & Stationery  8.93  9.13 
Professional & Legal Fees  217.30  85.69
Rent, Rates & Taxes  904.40  531.35 
Office Expenses  16.46  7.68 
Freight Outward  48.94  6.81 
GST Assessment Payment  39.99  -   
Interest on Income Tax & TDS  0.25  5.62 
Insurance Charges  140.63  46.23 
Telephone Expenses  7.14  6.08 
Travelling Expenses  67.09  67.62 
Sales Promotion Expenses  81.59 49.77 
Repairs & Maintenance  14.68  4.43 
Security Service Charge 60.35  45.47 
Cleaning & Utility Expense  4.49  10.32 
CSR Expenditure  22.02  13.18 
Directors' Sitting Fees  3.58  1.60 
Vehicle Expenses  0.60 -
Total  1,653.99  901.38 
Note 29(a) : Details of Payment to Auditors
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
As Auditor
Statutory Audit Fees 10.55  8.40 
Tax Audit Fees 5.00  2.00 
In other capacities
Professional Fees 1.40  1.98 
Total 16.95    12.38 
Note 30 : Employee Benefit Obligations:
The disclosure required as per Accounting Standard 15 “Employees Benefit” issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (ICAI) and as specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( The Act ) read with rule 7 of the Companies ( 
Accounts ) Rules, 2014.
30.1 Defined Benefits Plan
(a) Gratuity Benefits:
Retirement benefits in the form of Gratuity have been valued by an independent actuary as on the Balance Sheet date. The accrued 
benefits are projected to the due date and valued prospectively by applying proper economic and demographic assumptions stated 
below. The liability is computed on current salary levels projected to the probable due date using "Projected Unit Credit (PUC) 
Method".
The following table summarizes the components of net benefit expenses recognised in respect of Gratuity:
[[PAGE 89]]
172 173
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Expense recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss
Interest cost  1.46  0.83 
Current service cost  9.41  7.66 
Past Service Cost  -    -   
Expected return on plan assets  -    -   
Net Acturial (Gain) / Loss recognised in the period  (1.76)  0.58 
Expenses to be recognised in P&L  9.11  9.07 
Reconciliation of Liability recognised in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the period  20.20  11.12 
Expenses to be recognized in P&L  9.11  9.07 
Benefits paid (if any)  (1.43)    -   
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period  27.88  20.20 
Liability recognised in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period  27.88  20.20 
Fair value of plan assets at end of period  -    -   
Net liability / (asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet and related analysis  27.88  20.20 
Funded Status - Surplus/ (Deficit)  (27.88)  (20.20)
Current Liability (Short Term)  1.83  1.95 
Non - Current Liability (Long Term)  26.05  18.25 
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity as shown below:
Discount Rate 7.00% 7.50%
Rate of increase in compensation levels 5.00% 5.00%
Withdrawal Rate 10.00% 5.00%
(b) Leave Encashment:
The leave obligation cover the Company’s liability for earned leave. The entire amount of the provision of Rs. 4.40 Lakhs (year 
ended 31/03/2024 4.50 Lakhs) is presented as current, since the company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement 
for these obligations.
30.2 Defined Contribution Plans
(a) Provident Fund:
"The Company contribution towards Provident Fund is paid to the Central Government is debited to the statement 
of profit and loss. The amount debited to the statement of profit and loss during the year was Rs. 36.12 Lakhs (year ended 
31/03/2023 Rs. 26.19 Lakhs)."
Note 31 : Other Disclosures (As certified by Management)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Contingent Liabilities - TDS Outstanding Demand  -    -   
Contingent Liabilities - Custom Duty Payable (EPCG Obligations)  624.41  624.41 
Corporate Guarantees  NIL  NIL 
Commitments  NIL  NIL 
Value of Imports on CIF Basis  7,371.44  7,585.85 
Expenditure in Foreign Currency  -    -   
Earnings in Foreign Exchange - Exports  49.71  17.12 
Footnote:
(a) Contingent Liabilities is towards Custom Duty amount waived under EPCG Scheme, for 
import of plant and machinery. This contingent liability may arise in case the company fails 
to honour the export obligation in future.
Note 32 : Disclosures under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
The information of MSME Creditors has been determined to the extent of such parties identified on the basis of the information 
available with the Company regarding the status of parties under the MSMED Act and has been relied upon by the auditors. 
Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises during the year.
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Rs. Rs.
1. The principal amount and the interest due thereon as at the end of each accounting year.  485.70  90.05 
2. The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier 
beyond the appointed day.
 -    -   
3. The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which 
have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
specified under this Act.
 -    -   
4. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year.  -    -   
5. The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, 
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for 
the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23.
 -    -   
Footnote:
1. Company received intimation from suppliers about their status as 'MSME Supplier' as per 
'Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Devolopment Act, 2006'.
2. Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to micro and small 
enterprises during the year.
Note 33 : Related Party Disclosures
The Company’s principal related parties consist of its holding company Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited and its subsidiaries, 
affiliates and key managerial personnel. The Group’s material related party transactions and outstanding balances are with related 
parties with whom the Group routinely enter into transactions in the ordinary course of business.
A. List of Related Parties and Relationship
(a) Key Management Personnel
1. Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director
2. Abhinav - Executive Director
3. Sajid Shaikh - CFO
4. CS Vibhuti Kulkarni - Compliance Officer
(b) Non Executive Director
1. Vishrut Bharati - Non Executive Director
2. Ziral Soni - Independent Director
3. Ila S Bhat - Independent Director
4. Drashti Solanki - Independent Director
(c) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
1. Nikitha Shravan Poddatur
2. Arvind Bharati
3. Ashu Bharati
(d) Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel exercise significant influence or control
1. YLP Solutions Private Limited - Subsidiary Company
2. Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited – Wholly Owned Subsidiary
3. Swami Shanti Prakash Virtuoso Esco Private Limited
4. Agsure Innovations Private Limited
5. Sakri Sustainable Energy Assets Private Limited
6. Helfis Technologies Private Limited
7. Sukrit Bharati HUF
[[PAGE 90]]
174 175
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
B. Transactions with Related Parties during the year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Nature of Transaction 2024-25 2023-24
Transaction Value 
for the year Closing Balances Transaction Value 
for the year Closing Balance
A) Key Management Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital / Share warrants (including 
share premium)
 1147.95  -    382.65    -   
Director's Remuneration  54.00  0.96    36.00  -   
Unsecured Loans/ (Repayments)  -    -    (7.86)  -   
Salary Expenses - KMP  42.00  -  36.14  2.63 
B) Relatives of Key Management Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital/ Share Warrants (including 
share premium)
 478.31    -    159.44  -   
Salary Expense 14.10 6.00
Rent Expense 9.00 -
Advance for Immovable properties 861.00 861.00 -
C) Transactions with the entities which is controlled 
by the Key Management Personnel - 
Issue of Share Capital - - - -
Sale of Goods / Services - - - -
Purchase of Goods / Services 4.00 - - -
Inter Corporate Deposit (including interest) - - - -
D) Transactions with the entities which is controlled 
by the Relatives of KMP -
Sale of Goods/Services  49.71  54.29  87.72  17.76   
Purchase of Goods/Services  -    -    -    - 
Advance for Purchase of Goods 35.01 35.01 - -
Footnote:
1. The transactions with the related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms's length transactions
2. No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in respect of debts due from / 
to above related parties.
3. Reimbursement for expenses / payments made by the directors on behalf of the company in the ordinary course of business is 
not reported above.
Note 34 : Earnings Per Share
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the year.
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Net profit / (loss) for calculation of Basic EPS 1409.23  1,017.04 
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year for Basic EPS  2,66,01,256  2,31,30,331 
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.)  5.30  4.40 
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year for Diluted EPS  2,68,60,396  2,35,65,591 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.)  5.25  4.32 
Nominal Value per Share (Rs.)  10  10 
The Weighted average number of Equity Share for calculation of Diluted EPS includes 2,59,140 Employee Stock Options.
Note 35 : Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOP)
The Company instituted VOEPL Employees Stock Option Plan-2023 (ESOP 2023) for all eligible employees pursuant to a 
resolution approved by the shareholders in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on February 24, 2023. The Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of the Board of the company administers the ESOP 2023 Plan and grants stock options to eligible 
employees. The Committee determines which eligible employees will receive options, the number of options to be granted, the 
exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of 
grant. Participation in the plan is at the board’s discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate in the plan or to 
receive any guaranteed benefits.
The company has established VOEPL 2023 Plan with 20,00,000 equity shares. However, the company has granted 2,59,140 
options during the previous FY 2023-24. Out of which, 12,820 options were forfeited during the year.
The exercise price of the options is Rs.246.30/- per share. The fair value of the share options is estimated at the grant date using 
a Black-Scholes Method, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted. However, the 
above performance condition is only considered in determining the number of instruments that will ultimately vest.
The carrying amount of the liability at 31 March, 2025 was Rs. 59.60 Lakhs (31 March, 2024: Rs. 29.80 Lakhs).
The expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following table:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions  29.80  29.80 
Total expense arising from share-based payment transactions  29.80  29.80 
There were no cancellations or modifications to the awards in year ending 31 March, 2025.
Movements during the year:
The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, share options 
during the year
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year 2,59,140  -   
Granted during the year -  2,59,140 
Forfeited during the year 12,820  -   
Exercised during the year  -    -   
Expired during the year  -    -   
Options outstanding at the end of the year  2,46,320 2,59,140
Exercisable at 31 March   2,46,320 2,59,140
[[PAGE 91]]
176 177
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the plan for the years ended 31 March, 2025:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
Weighted average fair values at the measurement date  246.30 246.30
Dividend yield (%)  -    - 
Expected Annualized V olatility (%) 32.81% 32.81%
Risk–free interest rate (%) 7.17%  7.17% 
Expected life of share options (years)  4.5 years   4.5 years  
Weighted average share price (Rs.)  246.30  246.30 
Model used Black-Scholes 
Method 
Black-Scholes 
Method 
Note 36 : Corporate Social Responsibility
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024 
1. Amount required to be spent by the company during the year  20.88  13.18 
2. Amount of expenditure incurred on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset  -    -   
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  22.02  13.18 
3. Shortfall at the end of the year  -    -   
4. Total of previous years shortfall  -    -   
5. Nature of CSR Activities Education & 
Apprenticeship 
Training 
Education & 
Apprenticeship 
Training
6. Details of related party transaction  -    -   
7. Reason for shortfall  -    -   
The Company endeavored to ensure full utilization of the allocated CSR budget. The CSR activities are scalable with few new 
initiatives that may be considered in future and moving forward the Company will endeavor to spend the amount on CSR activities 
in accordance with the statutory requirements.
Footnote:
(a) The company is liable to comply with the requirements of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 from the financial year 2023-
24 onwards. The Company is spending its 2% of average net profit before tax as CSR expenditure on the Apprenticeship Training.
(b) As per the circular from Ministry of Corporate Affairs, industries/establishments are permitted to utilize their Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) funds for Apprentices Training which includes expenditure on Basic Training and stipend funds payable to 
apprentices under Apprentices Act, 1961 (amended 2014).
Note 37 : Segment Reporting
The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing, selling and marketing of White Goods. The range of products manufactured 
by the company includes Air Conditioners & related components, Lighting and their components. During the current financial year, 
the Company has forayed into the manufacturing of deep freezers, with its new manufacturing facility. The Company also offers 
Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and related products to its customers. 
The Company has only one operating segment, hence disclosure under AS 17 on Segment Reporting is not applicable. In the 
opinion of the management, this is the only segment as per Accounting Standard – 17 on Segment Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. 
Note 38 : Balance Confirmations
The balances in the accounts of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Loans and Advances, Other Current Assets and Other Current 
Liabilities are subject to confirmation / reconciliation, if any; the Management does not expect any significant variance from the 
reported figures.
Note 39 : General Remarks to Financial Statements
(a) The company is registered person under the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Act, 2017. During the year, the company has availed 
various input tax credits of GST paid on procurement of goods and services. The company is in the process of reconciliation of 
such input tax credits with its vendors and the GST returns filed during the year. Effects of such reconciliation, if any, have not 
been considered in the books of accounts.
(b) We have applied test check method of vouching regarding purchase, sales, vouchers, expenses, whenever we found necessary.
(c) Normally the company is regular in payment of all statutory dues. There were no statutory dues outstanding for more than six 
months as on 31-03-2025.
(d)  We have not physically verified cash in hand and closing stock as on 31-03-2025. Cash balance and quantitative details of 
stock have been certified by the management and accepted & relied upon by us. Due to the high volume and nature of business, it 
is not possible to verify quantitative details of the goods manufactured and traded by the Company. 
(e) There have been no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date, which require adjustment of, or disclosure in, the financial 
statements or notes thereto. 
(f) The company has complied with all aspects of contractual agreements that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements in the event of non-compliance. To the best of our knowledge there has been no non-compliance with requirements of 
regulatory authorities that could have a material effect on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. 
(g) No personal expenses have been debited to Profit & Loss Account other than those incurred in the normal business commitments.
(h) Previous period figures have been regrouped, re-arranged and re-classified wherever necessary to conform to current period’s 
classification 
(i) The financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on May 28, 2025.
(j) The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through May 28, 2025, the date at which the 
financial statements were available to be issued, and determined that there are no material items to disclose.
Note 40 : Other Statutory Information
(a) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Company 
for holding any Benami property.
(b) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period. 
(c) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year as well as in the 
previous financial year.
(d) The Company has not made any contribution to any political party during the current financial year as well as in the previous 
financial year.
(e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
       (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on  behalf of the 
company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
       (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
(f) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company has not received any fund from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise) that the Company shall
       (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
       (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
(g) The Company has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other 
relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
[[PAGE 92]]
178
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The Company has used the accounting software for maintaining its books of accounts which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in this software. Further, 
there have been no instances of audit trail feature being tampered with in respect of these accounting software where the audit 
trail has been enabled. Additionally, the audit trail of previous year has been preserved as per the statutory requirements for record 
retention, to the extent it was enabled.
Note 42: Backup of Books of Accounts
The Company is maintaining its books of account in electronic mode and these books of account are accessible in India at all times 
and the back-up of books of account has been kept in servers physically located in India on a daily basis.
Note 43: Investments in Subsidiaries
During the year, with an aim to expand business operations and to enter new markets, product lines, etc. under a separate entity i.e., 
Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited, a step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated on July 29, 2024. This 
is second subsidiary company after the YLP Solutions Private Limited.
(h) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company has not granted any loans or 
advances in nature of loans to promoters, directors and KMPs either severally or jointly with any other person during the year 
ended March 31, 2025.
(i) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank, financial institution, government or government authority.
(j) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-to-use assets) or intangible assets during the 
year ended March 31, 2025.
(k) As per information received from the management, there were no transactions entered with the companies which are struck off.
Note 41: Audit Trail
The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment received 
Indian Parliament approval and Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India and 
subsequently on November 13, 2020 draft rules were published and invited for stakeholders’ suggestions. However, the date on 
which the Code will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code when it comes into 
effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective.
 For Jain Chhajed & Associates          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Chartered Accountants          Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W          CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sd/-
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No.121597
Sd/-
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Sd/-
Mr. Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
DIN: 06926238
Sd/-
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
Place: Nashik
Date: May 30, 2025
