[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
August 21, 2026 
 
To To 
BSE Limited                                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                       Exchange Plaza, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street Mumbai 400001                                    Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code – 543597                                                   Scrip Code - VOEPL 
 
Subject- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript for Q1 FY 27 Post 
Earnings Conference Call held on August 17, 2026.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
With respect to above captioned subject, please find attached herewith transcript of the Conference 
Call for Analyst and Investors held for Q1 FY 2027 on August 17, 2026 at 12:00 P.M. IST (12:00 
hours). 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited 
 
 
 
Prasad Zinjurde 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M No A54800 
[[PAGE 2]]
  
 
 
 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited  
 
Q1 FY27 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director 
Sajid Shaikh - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: Hello, ladies and gentlemen, on hello, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of Kaptify Consulting Investor Relations Team, I welcome you all to 
Q1 FY27 Post-Earnings Conference Call of Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited.  
 
Today on the call from the management we have with us Mr. Sukrit 
Bharati, Managing Director, Mr. Sajid Shaikh, Chief Financial Officer. 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, this is a reminder that this call is being recorded. I 
would now request the management to detail us about the business 
performance highlight for the period ended June 2026, the growth 
perspective and the vision for the upcoming years, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Thank you, Rajiv. Can we start running through the presentation please? 
Rajiv, are you there?  
 
Moderator: Hello, sir. Is this visible? Hello? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah, it is visible, but I think you're on the wrong screen. Yeah, this is 
the screen. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: All right. Yeah, we can stay here. We can stay here. So good morning, 
everyone, and welcome all to the post earnings call for Q1 FY27. This 
is a screen that highlights the performance of the company on a 
consolidated level for this quarter. So on a consolidated level, I think 
the company has been able to achieve INR 376.6 crores worth of 
revenue, which is when compared to last year that is Q1 FY26 is almost 
an 85% jump. And despite of the fact that Q4 of FY26 was also a very 
heavy and strong performance, I think over that number as well, it's a 
19%, 18.7% to be precise kind of a jump on the revenue number. The 
EBITDA margins have stayed at very similar levels when you compare 
it with the Q4 of FY26, 9.3%-odd.  
 
EBIT and EBITDA are similar in terms of the way they have behaved. 
What has happened down below is that at a PAT level, we have had a 
very significant jump when you compare with Q1 of FY26, it's almost 
103% jump that is there. So from INR64-odd crores -- INR6.4 crores 
rather, Q1 FY26 number, we have moved to a INR9 crore number this 
year. And in comparison to the last year also was a significant jump.  
 
[[PAGE 4]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
Can you move forward please?  
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Just a minute. I'll just take it to a full screen. Yes, sir. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Still not visible at my end. Yeah. Okay. Can we move on to the next 
slide, please?  
 
Moderator: Yeah. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: So going forward the year '26-'27, we can stay here. So going forward 
the year '26-'27, we are trying to consolidate and make sure that the 
assets that we have deployed so far, and which are in the process of 
getting deployed, we start sweating them and the utilization levels that 
are intended to be achieved are in excess of 75% on an aggregate level. 
We are moving forward with our mantra of trying to deepen the 
backward integration that will happen in H1 of FY27, which is on 
EMSI, CFF plastics, in any case, we have already done, we want to 
move forward with that. 
 
We are moving up the value chain because of the fact that we have 
become an ODM, the focus on R&D is there. And so the high potential 
categories like AC is something that we are looking to, because we have 
a very strong order book size for the forthcoming season. And we 
should be able to achieve our numbers primarily through on the backing 
of this strong and healthy order book. 
 
Compressor production, I think we have already stated earlier, it has 
already begun. This has happened in December towards the end of 
December last year. And we are currently running at 50%, more than 
50% utilization. Happy to say that we are almost three months ahead of 
whatever was the schedule for this. Commercial refrigeration, 
obviously, in addition to the hard top and glass top rail, we have also 
entered into the medicinal refrigerator. And hopefully very soon we are 
getting into the Vizi cooler side of it as well. 
 
Can we move forward? Rajeev, one more slide up, please. Yeah. So 
these are the capacities that we have spoken about. EMS, the current 
capacity is 4 lakhs cph. We are moving to 12 lakhs cph in two phases. 
The first phase of 8 lakhs cph hopefully should be up and running by 
the mid or end of September. The commercial production for this phase 
also is expected to be live, I think, towards the end of Q3. ACs, we have 
stated earlier that we have a capacity of 1 million, moving to 1.8 million. 
This should happen over the next 12 to 15 months, again, in two phases, 
from 1 to 1.3 and then from 1.3 to 1.8. In deep freezers, the existing 
[[PAGE 5]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
capacity is 1.5 lakh units. We are moving to 2.5 lakh units, which should 
be live hopefully by Q3, mid of Q3 or end of Q3 this year. And the 
second phase is more likely to happen in the next financial year, which 
is the movement from 2.5 lakh to 4 lakh units.  
 
Compressors, we have a capacity, current capacity of 2.8 million, 
moving to 6 million. This probably should be happening by December 
or January, forthcoming December or January. I think commercial 
production on that also should start towards Q4 of this year.  
 
We can move forward. I think most of it is already dealt with. We can 
skip this. Yeah. So we can stay here for some time. So this is how it 
appears. I think the revenue share that is expected in this FY27. AC will 
remain at around 60%, 55% to 60% of the overall revenue. EMS will 
stay at about 10% in terms of the overall contribution. Commercial 
refrigeration will be at par, at about 10%. The component washing 
machine and other businesses should contribute about 5% of the overall 
revenue. And compressor will move up to about 15% of the overall 
revenue. 
 
Can we move forward, please? We can skip this slide. We can move 
forward. Common slides mostly. Yeah. Next slide, please. Yeah. We 
can stay here. So this slide captures the performance of the company 
over the last six years. As we can see that this is up to FY26, of course. 
There has been a 49% growth over the last six years as far as top line is 
concerned, about 47% CAGR on the absolute EBITDA. PBT, the 
growth has been 56% and PAT growth has been 52%. So there has been 
a consistent year-on-year growth over the last six years. And we hope 
and continue to take this into the next three to five years as well. Yeah. 
 
Sukritji, would you like to speak a little on the industry over here? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. Thank you so much. And a very good morning or afternoon to 
everybody. And once again, thank you for taking your time. So overall, 
we had a good quarter. There was, of course, pressure on margins. And 
because of raw material issues, which has persisted, we hope that now 
the pricing is a little more stable. And over the next couple of quarters, 
I mean, we hope that the price increase that we are requesting our 
customers and also the market will effectively even out or average out. 
So that is as far as the industry is concerned. 
 
This has happened across the refrigeration industry and the air 
conditioning industry. Also in compressors, because compressor supply 
chain has right now heavy dependence on imports, and which is 
[[PAGE 6]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
indirectly dependent on the dollar. However, the number and growth in 
Q1 has been as per our plan. And with that, we continue to maintain the 
guidance for this year. We hope that we can do that or better for the 
coming year.  
 
Again, to quickly summarize segment wise, the current situation, so 
EMS, we are increasing capacity, we may not see top line numbers this 
year, but we will see increase in backward integration coming from that 
increase in EMS business for the current financial year. We hope to add 
more EMS business, but that that will hopefully start showing numbers 
in the next FY. AC business, like mentioned earlier, we have good 
visibility of an order book. The idea is to increase capacity to meet 
customer requirements and to make sure that we satisfy the customers 
that we work with is the plan for this year. 
 
Third is, of course, the compressor vertical. Compressor vertical, we are 
increasing capacity. And we've also acquired a 22-acre parcel of land 
for further consolidation of compressor business in the future at one 
location. So, we will continue to expand capacity and then effectively 
move it to the new location over the next one to three years as things 
allow so that that operation can be up and running. Component business 
is also doing well. Both Chennai and Sanand are picking up numbers. 
We hope to keep building on that as a segment.  
 
So, commercial refrigeration also, as briefed earlier, we are happy to 
share that we've onboarded another marquee customer. And even 
though Q1 was slightly slower for commercial refrigeration due to 
increase in pricing, I think the market did not absorb the prices 
immediately and a lot of buying decisions were deferred. But volumes 
continue and we hope that across the year, we'll be able to maintain or 
achieve the numbers that we had planned for commercial refrigeration. 
So, overall good year and I think now we can open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. All those who wish to ask the question may use the 
option of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand, just drop your 
question in Q&A box and we'll ask you on your behalf. We'll take the 
first question from Ranodeep. Ranodeep, you can go ahead. 
 
Ranodeep S: Thanks, Sukrit, for the opportunity and congratulations on wonderful 
set of numbers. Sukrit, this question is on the compressor business and 
I understand you spoke about we are doing a 22-acre parcel of land 
[[PAGE 7]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
where we'll be setting up and consolidating our compressor business. 
Just inquisitive, are we still looking at the reciprocatory compressors or 
are we also thinking about the AC compressors, given we just saw a 
notification from one of our startups bagging a project for AC 
compressors from Voltas. And given Voltas has been such a big client 
for us. So, just wanted to understand your school of thought there. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So far, what we have confirmed is only refrigeration compressor. AC 
compressor, we have currently not finalized any plan. In case we do, we 
will definitely reach out, but so far we are restricting ourselves to or we 
have only started activity on the commercial, on the refrigeration 
compressor side. 
 
Ranodeep S: Sure. The second question is more of macro question in terms of you 
highlighted a potential 35% to 40% CAGR for the revenue and we 
understand '21 to '25, we have seen a 43% CAGR. So, what are the key 
underlying assumptions for this 35% to 40% growth and the guidance 
is for the next three to five years, right? So, if you can just highlight 
some of the underlying assumptions for this aggressive growth for the 
next three years. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, I think if you see the business, there are some verticals that we are 
in are -- I mean, especially if you see AC vertical and now the 
compressor vertical are effectively high growth verticals, whereas the 
other verticals, components, EMS and refrigeration, they are slightly 
better EBITDA verticals as compared to AC or commercial 
refrigeration. So our idea is that we need to have a good diversification 
in terms of bottom line as well as top line and we need to have a diverse 
spread of product category. So, that is the basic construct. 
 
Now, coming to the high growth segments of AC and compressor, 
compressor as you know that we are one of the first movers in this 
segment as an unrelated brand. I mean, companies which don't have a 
capital requirement. So, that first mover advantage we want to use and 
we see good traction. We are at a phase where we have already started 
ramping up with most customers, where we are at the production phase 
and we have already started supplying production lot to these 
customers. So, there also we see good order book visibility that is point 
number one. 
 
So, compressor as the government has currently restricted imports to 
40% and hopefully this will reduce in the next year or two. We hope 
that that increase in market availability, we will be able to address that 
available market. So, that is point number one for compressor. AC as 
[[PAGE 8]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
you know that industry of course is growing, which is one large driver, 
but even if the industry grows at 10%, 12%, 15%, whatever the number 
is, but we also believe that if we are able to make a good product and if 
we are able to add value to our customers in terms of price, in terms of 
features, in terms of service, I think there is sufficient demand in the 
market for us to give us -- for us to get growth of 35%, 40% for the next 
three years. So, we are -- in AC also, we are building our product 
offering, we are trying to see how we can optimize our designs and give 
a good solution, which is both economically viable and also robust in 
quality to our customers. So, that is the basic construct of the entire 
growth strategy. 
 
Ranodeep S: And one last question. I have been tracking your company for the last 
couple of years now, but any -- I mean, if there is a company that you 
would like to benchmark, Virtuoso, I mean, as the business model is 
evolving, any company that you would like to replicate or is inspired by 
any thoughts around that? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean, I think we learn from a lot of companies in the market, but I 
think every company has its own journey probably. So, let us see, we 
keep learning from multiple companies, but no specific one company. 
 
Ranodeep S: Sure, sure. Thanks, Sukrit. I just wanted to appreciate the growth 
trajectory that you all have shown in the couple of years. I think the 
management is walking the talk and appreciate the execution and the 
pace at which it has happened. So, really appreciate that. Thank you 
once again. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. I request all the participants to restrict their questions to 
two. We will take the next question from Shreyans Jain. Shreyans, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Hello, am I audible? So, congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, 
a couple of questions. First, in previous concall, you mentioned that 
since we have recently launched ODM model of AC, so we were not 
able to get benefits in terms of margins. So, my question is, where do 
we see AC margins going forward with increasing mix of ODM? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right now, because of the raw material pressure, I think the entire 
supply chain, including our customers and the distribution channel is 
slightly stretched for margins. I think this pressure will continue for 
maybe 6 months or 12 months till the global situation sort of stabilizes, 
[[PAGE 9]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
post which we believe margin should increase. So, this year, of course, 
we are still committed and we believe that we will achieve the EBITDA 
that we had hoped for. But the improvement in margin probably will 
come from next year and maybe not this year. Looking at the overall 
aw material situation and still the uncertainty in terms of dollar 
fluctuation or RM fluctuation because of the fluid war situation or the 
shipment situations. But I still think that most of it is past. So, now the 
variation should be less, but margin improvement probably would 
happen from the next year. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. So, what would be the difference between an OEM and ODM 
model margins? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean, not significant, but maybe a percent, a percent and a half. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. And in our PPT, we have mentioned that we expect 15% 
contribution from compressor from 8% in previous year. Since 
compressor being a low margin product currently, are we confident to 
meet our guidance of 9% to 10% margins for full year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, we are. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Hemant Sood. Hemant, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Hemant Sood: I'm not in a position to raise the hands.  
 
Moderator: Hemant, we'll move on to the next participants. We'll take the next 
question from Kunal Tokas. Kunal, you can go ahead. 
 
Hemant Sood: Hello. Hello. This is Hemant. Can I ask a question now? 
 
Moderator: Yeah, you can go ahead. 
 
Hemant Sood: Yeah. Sir, congratulations on a very good set of numbers and thank you 
for providing me the opportunity. The growth in Q1 has been 
tremendous. So, are we some sort of revising the guidance for the entire 
year? I think the guidance was 35%, 40%, but we have grown much 
better than that. So, are we some sort of revising the guidance or do you 
think that the numbers in the next three quarters will be not that much 
like in Q1? 
 
[[PAGE 10]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We believe -- see, Q1 and Q4 are the biggest quarters for us. And so, 
Q1 has done well. So, we have a slight head start. Depending on how 
Q3 effectively goes, we'll be able to see if we can upward revise the 
guidance. So, we will be in a better position to update you about that at 
the end of Q3. 
 
Hemant Sood: So, as of now, sir, we are sticking to our guidance of 35% to 40% in 
FY20, right? With 9% to 10% of margin. 
 
Moderator: Correct. 
 
Hemant Sood: Okay. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kunal Tokas. Kunal, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Hello, am I audible? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, you are audible. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. Thank you. The first question is about AC. So, we are scaling up 
to 1.8 million AC sets this year. And my question was, for the next 
season that will happen in FY28, what kind of utilization range do we 
expect? And this expectation, is it based on order commitment from 
existing customers? Or do you expect to onboard new customers to fill 
in the expanded capacity? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: It's a combination of both. But in FY28, or FY28 season, or let's say, 
'27-'28 season, we expect to utilize between 50% and 60%, 50%-odd 
capacity of the increased capacity. This capacity will also be completely 
live before the next season. This season, we will be somewhere in 
between. But before the next season, the entire capacity is what we plan 
to make live. And we hope that 50% odd will be able to utilize. This, as 
you asked, is a combination of both existing customer projections and 
also additional onboarding of new customers. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Second question is about compressors. I believe in one of the past calls, 
you have mentioned that the entire compressor project, including both 
the scaling up as well as the backward integration will be of a value of 
around INR500 crore in total. So while we have tied up INR150 crore 
in that, what are your plans for funding the remaining project? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So right now, the first phase we are covering with the investment that 
we have already done as part of equity raise or the ongoing equity issue. 
[[PAGE 11]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
But the second part has been done by the debt of INR150 crore that we 
have raised as OCD. So this will cover us for the first phase, which is 
up to mid of next year. Once all the phases, the increase in capacity, the 
backward integration of shell manufacturing and also the motor 
assembly, once that is localized, then we will look at the next phase that 
we are yet to decide if we do it by debt or equity. We will take that 
decision over the next 12 months. 
 
Kunal Tokas: All right. Thank you very much. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: We'll take the next question from Jai Chauhan. Please go ahead. 
 
Jai Chauhan: Hello, am I audible? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, please. 
 
Jai Chauhan: Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. I just wanted to 
understand what is the rationale behind having VCPL and not run the 
same business under the listed company only? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So the idea is that we should be able to focus each business separately. 
And in some places, let's say, VCPL is also a vendor to VOEPL and 
also vendor to other companies making the same product. So it needs 
to have a separate team over a long period of time, which can make sure 
that customers get their due. And we have transparency as far as the 
overall business is concerned. We have transparency as far as dealing 
with customers is concerned. We cannot give partial treatment even to 
our own effectively manufacturing requirements, because that is a 
product, it is a critical product, which we need to make sure that we 
service our customers properly. 
 
Jai Chauhan: Got it, sir. So in components or total or the total production, how much 
is internally consumed? And how much is sold externally? And is it the 
right assumption that the Sanand plant is completely for external sales 
and not for backward integration? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So some part of Sanand, maybe 5%, 7% of Sanand comes to Nasik, 
meaning that some plastic extrusion sheets we require for refrigeration 
business, which VOEPL is buying from VPPL Sanand. But apart so and 
also some small backward integration in Nasik also is coming from 
VOEPL. So if you see maybe currently, maybe about 15% of VPPL 
business comes from VOEPL, remaining 85% goes to outside 
[[PAGE 12]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
customers. And similar is the case in compressor. So compressor 
captive requirement will be about 2%, 3% of the overall sales, and the 
remaining will be for other customers. 
 
Jai Chauhan: Got it. And so what is the margin profile of compressor and trajectory 
going forward? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So right now, we are looking at about 6%, 5%, 6% EBITDA, maybe 
6% 7% EBITDA or 6 plus minus 1% EBITDA in compressors. But 
once you backward integrate and once the inventory, which the other 
manufacturers are keeping, gets consumed, maybe we will be able to 
improve the EBITDA slightly by a percent or two. But I think that we 
should expect primarily in the next financial year. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from Siddharth Jain. Siddharth, 
you can go ahead. We will move to the next participant. Akshay Darji, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Akshay Darji: Hello, am I audible? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, please. 
 
Akshay Darji: My question is on CapEx, ongoing capacity expansion in compressor 
refrigeration. Could you share the total planned CapEx for the next two 
years? And how much of this has already been incurred in quarter 1? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: You are referring to commercial refrigeration, is it? So, commercial 
refrigeration, Q1, we have not done any significant CapEx. This 
financial year, we are looking to do about INR20 crore, INR25 crore 
CapEx in commercial refrigeration. And next year, we look at a similar 
number to achieve the 400,000 capacity that we have planned. 
 
Akshay Darji: Okay. And what are the planned CapEx for the next two years? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Next year, like I mentioned, is about 2025 again. Post which, we will 
see how the utilization is and then we will take a call because the current 
manufacturing unit that we have created will sort of max out at a number 
of 400,000. Post which, we will require a larger CapEx to create a 
separate facility if we want to increase numbers. But so far, we have not 
planned for it. Once we sweat this asset well, then we will look at 
another expansion. 
 
Akshay Darji: Okay. And one more question, like once the plant reach the minimum 
utilization, how much additional revenue and ROCE do you expect? 
[[PAGE 13]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, it runs at full utilization, of course, at a 400,000 capacity, we can 
look at a number of INR600 cr. coming from commercial refrigeration. 
But being a seasonal product, I think, maybe a 60% to 70% capacity 
utilization is a more realistic number. So, even if you consider 60% is 
240. So, you are looking at an average INR15,000 cost, you are looking 
at INR360 crore revenue coming from that vertical at a good optimized 
utilization level. 
 
Akshay Darji: And one more last question. Sir, one more last question.  
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, please.  
 
Akshay Darji: Sir, as you mentioned, like refrigeration CapEx will be INR20 crore to 
INR25 crores. I want the total CapEx. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, total CapEx, this year we are looking at about between INR80 crores 
and INR100 crores in VOEPL. 
 
Akshay Darji: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Divyansh. Divyansh, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Divyansh Jaju: Yes, sir. Just want to confirm regarding the EBITDA margin, like after 
completion of our more manufacturing and like expecting that the 
moderation in the raw material prices, how we are thinking about the 
EBITDA margin for the FY27? Will it be like same before as FY26? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So like we mentioned earlier in the call, 9% to 10% is the guidance that 
we gave, and we continue to be on that guidance. 
 
Divyansh Jaju: Okay sir.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Vignesh Iyer. Vignesh, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: Hello. Am I audible? Hi. So, my question is on the working capital days. 
Can you send the net working capital days for the end of quarter one? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I don't have that figure off hand. Sajid, if you have that figure, maybe 
you can share.  
 
Sajid Shaikh: It is around 85 days. 
[[PAGE 14]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. And so, this means the marginal increase that we see around 
INR1.5 crores in interest is primarily due to working capital increase in 
this quarter or is it because of that? I wanted to just understand how 
much has come from the working capital for the higher interest cost in 
this quarter? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think primarily, sorry, please continue. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: The higher interest cost primarily is because of the, at the consol level, 
it is primarily because of the OCDs that we have taken. 
 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. And what is the cost of borrowing for those? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: It is in the mid-teens.  
 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. Got it. That is all from us. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Parikshit. Parikshit, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Parikshit Gupta: I hope I am audible. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, please. 
 
Parikshit Gupta: All right. So, the first question is on the PLI benefits. While we got the 
PLI benefits, they are going away in 2027. Have we worked out 
internally how are we going to pass it to the end consumer? And also, I 
mean, in general, earlier PLI incentives helped the contract 
manufacturers to grow the business fast. But now with the incentives 
going away, how do you think contract manufacturers will work with 
the market share from other brands and manufacturing? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. So, two parts of the question. PLI, this year we are covered under 
PLI. So, I think we have 12 months, we have started discussion, but I 
think we will conclude it over the next 12 months with our customers. 
The effective impact of PLI is about a percent on the overall EBITDA 
of the company. So, I mean, in the AC business specifically. But 
anyhow, so we are in discussion with our customers and over the next 
12 months, we will find a win-win solution with them. Point number 1. 
 
Point number two, as far as expansion is concerned, I believe PLI was 
an incentive for both brands to have their own capacity and for OEM, 
ODMs to increase capacity. So, overall capacity increase has happened. 
[[PAGE 15]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
If it is a deterrent to increase capacity, a lack of PLI, if it is a deterrent, 
then it is a deterrent for both. So, I don't believe it is going to sway the 
relationship or the equation in a specific direction. I think both, on the 
contrary, I believe there can be slightly more inclination towards 
outsource because there is no direct benefit to brands, or at least I am 
wishful that there might be slightly more inclination. But I think 
actually what happens time will, we will see in time. 
 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. This is helpful. My next question, in terms of new 
products, have we considered any new products over the near to the 
medium term? Also, ex of one anchor customer in the washing machine 
space, have we added any new customers in this bracket? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, we are, of course, we are not adding a new category as of now in 
this financial year, but within the categories, we are definitely adding 
products or in AC we are adding different sizes. In commercial 
refrigeration, we are adding more models. And like mentioned earlier, 
we are also looking at adding Vizi Cooler as a segment. So, we are 
adding more categories or segments within the same category or 
product segments in the same category, but we are not adding any new 
category for this current financial year. That is point number one.  
 
As far as washing machine, this year we are looking at working majorly 
with our anchor customer. Once we scale up the product and once we 
have more variety and larger capacity, we will look at additional 
customers. 
 
Parikshit Gupta: Perfect. Thank you very much. Those were all my questions.  
 
Sajid Shaikh: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Aman Soni. Aman, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Aman Soni: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions. One is, what can 
be the peak revenue with the existing infrastructure that we can touch 
and how fast this ramp-up can happen? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry, I did not catch your question. Can you repeat? 
 
Aman Soni: With the existing infrastructure, what can be the peak revenue that we 
can touch? 
 
[[PAGE 16]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Sukrit Bharati: See, we are currently increasing capacity, but if you, so slightly 
difficult, but with an increased capacity, let us say for AC at a 60% 
utilization, we are looking at a peak revenue of close to INR2,000 
crores. For compressor, we are looking at a 80% utilization. We are 
looking at a peak revenue of INR750-odd crores. For the other products, 
including commercial refrigeration and EMS, we are looking at a peak 
revenue of INR400 crores to INR500 crores. So, with the ongoing 
expansion that we are doing, which we conclude till in the next 12 
months, we are looking at a peak revenue of about INR3,500 crores to 
INR4,000 crores. 
 
Aman Soni: Got it. And how do you see, like last one year and the ongoing year also, 
there were some headwinds, right, in the AC demand, but from the long-
term perspective, what we see is obviously the penetration is still low, 
right? So how fast do you believe you will be able to ramp up these 
capacities over the years? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: See, I think it is a -- I mean, it is more a matter of once we utilize about 
50%, 60% or 70% of any capacity for a seasonal product, we look at 
increasing capacity. For a non-seasonal product, if you are hitting 70%, 
80% utilization, then we look at increasing capacity of that further. So, 
maybe you have one bad year or half a bad year in between, but overall, 
as our capacities get more and more utilized, we will look at increasing 
capacities further. So, that is going to be the normal thought process, 
unless there is another dynamic that we don't know as of today. 
 
Aman Soni: And secondly, this PLI 2.0, it is more focused towards the component 
ecosystem. So do you have any plan in mind to take advantage of this? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We do, but once the scheme guidelines are out and once our plans are 
more consolidated, we will come back to you. 
 
Aman Soni: Okay. And just last thing, what will be the net margins target for this 
particular year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Net margin is a function of multiple things, but we are looking at 2% to 
3% net margins.  
 
Aman Soni: Earlier you guide for 2.5% to 3%.  
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, I mean, yeah, that segment continues, but the only problem is tax 
and other calculations we realize only a little later, but 2.5% to 3% is 
still okay, no problem. 
 
[[PAGE 17]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Aman Soni: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Nikhat Koor. Nikhat, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Nikhat Koor: Thank you and congratulations on a strong revenue performance. Sir, 
can you highlight the segment wise revenue contribution for quarter one 
FY27? And second question is how are the inventory levels in room air 
conditioner versus last year levels? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, market situation, I think our customers will know better because 
they are more in touch, but whatever feedback that we have, we believe 
that inventory levels are at a normal level. There is no stress of 
inventory overall. There is slightly, of course, increased inventory of 
raw materials where we believe that government restrictions will come 
in like copper or compressors, but there is not any significant increase 
in inventory at our end or in the market. 
 
Nikhat Koor: Okay. And specifically, how is the revenue growth for room air 
conditioners in quarter one? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Sajid, do you have the number at hand? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah, I think AC, we did about 70% contribution AC and yeah, 7%, 8% 
was for compressor, 7%, 8% roughly for EMS and a very similar 
number for the deep freezers as well. The balance was from 
components. 
 
Nikhat Koor: Okay. And my next question is on the commercial refrigeration 
industry. It seems to have declined in quarter one. So, how do you see 
the demand pickup from this category going ahead? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think Q1 was a little subdued for this segment because of the increase 
in price and this is a B2B segment. So, maybe the shopkeepers and 
maybe the end consumer have slightly deferred the decision, but we 
believe over the year it should average out and I think we should see 
growth by the end of the year because our projections for Q1 have 
deferred to Q2, Q3, but overall projections have not changed. We are 
getting good projections or indications for the overall year. 
 
Nikhat Koor: Okay. And in terms of the RAC industry, how do you see the value and 
volume growth for FY27? 
 
[[PAGE 18]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean, I believe this year, I mean, last year on a bad year, we saw 
growth, but I think on a good year this year, we will still see, I believe, 
8% to 10% growth in the next season. 
 
Nikhat Koor: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Shrey Gandhi. Shrey, you 
can go ahead. Hello, Shrey, you're not audible. We'll move on to the 
next participant. Kush Tandon, you can go ahead. 
 
Push Tandon: Yeah. Can you hear me, sir? Hi, Sukrit. First of all, congratulations. 
And I would just say that very few companies can give the guidance 
like you are giving for the next three, five years. So great going. I had a 
couple of questions. I think non-AC revenue is around 40% now. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Push Tandon: So we are diversifying well. Within AC, just wanted to understand, 
there was a lot of disruption last year with Voltas and still we could do 
very well in terms of growth. How are the order books shaping up with 
your core customer Voltas? And also, can you just highlight how are 
you diversifying within the AC component beyond Voltas also? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So within AC also now the revenue is coming from, I mean, four or five 
different customers. So on an average, I think our biggest customer now 
is about 40%, 45% in the AC vertical. And I think this will continue 
maybe 30% to 40%, one or two customers at 30% to 40% and maybe 
one or two customers at 10%, 20% is what we see for this coming 
season. 
 
Push Tandon: So you are saying that 60%, 25%, sorry 40% is approximately 25% of 
the revenue will be top customer? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. Yes. 25% to 30%. 
 
Push Tandon: Okay. And would you be able to tell me what was this number last year? 
FY26? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: FY26, I think this number was between 50% and 55%. 
 
Push Tandon: So the top customer's concentration is coming down from 50% to 55% 
to 25% this year. 
 
[[PAGE 19]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Let's say 35%, 25% to 35%, we will know as the season goes forward, 
but 25% to 35%.  
 
Sajid Shaikh: Last year it was in excess of 60% actually, I'm sorry. 
 
Push Tandon: Directionally it is going well. Also, if you want, you've given the 
guidance on the revenue, but the disruption which was there last year in 
this customer, has it going ahead going, you're giving guidance. So I'm 
assuming that the disruption is quite over as of now. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean, disruption in terms of supply chain is now more stable. I mean, 
we don't -- I mean, I think it's become part of the norm. The prices have 
also stabilized. Market disruption, I think people have sort of learned 
from the mistake. But historically, I think every three, four years, we 
see a bad cycle. So hopefully that cycle is past last year. And with that, 
we hope that the next three, four years we look at a more steady cycle 
is the hope. I mean, of course, nobody can predict this, but that is the 
general sense, I believe. 
 
Push Tandon: I was also asking you from the management changes perspective in the 
client. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes. Yes. Now I think customer things are more stabilized. We have 
better projections and we already have plans for the next year or so. 
 
Push Tandon: Okay. I think that was my core question. Congratulations and all the 
best. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Akash. Akash, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Akash Jajoo: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon, Sajid ji. So just one question from my side, 
most of the questions are answered. When we mentioned raw material 
fluctuations, so just wanted to understand what exact components were 
we facing a shortage of or supply restrictions on? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So there were multiple issues. One, of course, logistics had become 
more tedious and more expensive in between because shipments were 
getting delayed. That is point number one we had. So aluminium, 
copper, which is still predominantly imported, there were challenges. 
Also the government is introducing, has introduced QCO guidelines for 
this. Indian captive capacities are coming online. We have started 
[[PAGE 20]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
buying, some samplings are ongoing. So it'll take a few months to 
smoothen out. So that is where we -- so primarily the imported 
components, which is copper, aluminium and compressor is where the 
challenges were majorly focused. 
 
Akash Jajoo: All right. Understood. And on terms of PCB and chips, was it also 
impacted or that was completely fine? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So there is some cost impact on the electronic side, but so far there has 
been no significant impact directly for us from the chip segment. 
 
Akash Jajoo: Hello, Sukrit ji. I just wanted to understand one thing. So previous 
quarter we had an impact of raw material pricing on our EBITDA levels. 
And as like you guys mentioned, we pass on with a lag of a quarter 
maybe. So currently the EBITDA levels have remained same. So were 
we able to pass on or how does this work that we'll be able to pass on 
further in coming quarters? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, I mean, most we are able to pass on, but like I mentioned earlier, 
there has been overall pressure in the entire supply chain. So 
somewhere, wherever we can support our customers, we have also 
supported our customers. Once the pricing stabilizes and we know what 
is going to be the bandwidth or the buying range, I think these EBITDA 
margins should go up slightly, but should be more closer towards 10% 
against the current 9.3%. But so far, I think 9.3% also we believe is a 
healthy number. 
 
Akash Jajoo: And current trend about commodity prices, they again look towards the 
upward trend. So are we stocking up inventories or we'll go as the 
demand comes? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We go based on projections. So once we have projections from our 
customers, we start blocking inventory. So, I mean, we cannot randomly 
block inventory because we need to know the model mix. We need to 
know what is the expected offtake. And based on that, we start blocking 
inventory then. 
 
Akash Jajoo: Understood. Understood. That's a great help. Yeah. Thank you.  
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. I request all the participants to restrict their questions to do. 
We'll take the next question from Pavan. Pavan, you can go ahead. 
 
[[PAGE 21]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Pavan R: Hello, sir. Am I audible? Sir, now you said like with the ongoing 
expansion, we can see a INR3,500 core peak revenue at peak utilization. 
So in FY28, can we touch INR2,000 cores revenue? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We've already guided 35%, 40%. I think we will stick to that guidance, 
please. 
 
Pavan R: Okay, sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sameer Chheda. Sameer, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Sameer Chheda: Yeah, thank you. I just want to understand the customer profile for the 
ACs. So one is Voltas, who are the other three? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We will refrain from naming customers, but we are working with some 
good customers in the segment. 
 
Sameer Chheda: And what about compressor segment? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Compressor, we are working with almost eight, nine customers across 
the industry. So we are working with majority of the manufacturers that 
are there. We are at different phases with different customers, but we 
believe we will at least be able to supply some quantity to almost 
everybody in the industry who's manufacturing refrigeration products. 
 
Sameer Chheda: So unlike where in AC, our topmost customer would be 35% to 40%, is 
it the same scenario in compressors? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So compressor, the customers we started with earlier are taking a larger 
share, but this will even out over by the end of this year. So we don't 
believe any single customer would be more than 20% or maybe 22%, 
23%. 
 
Sameer Chheda: And what about deep freezers? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Deep freezer, we have three primary customers and then two, three 
smaller customers. So there also we are looking at maybe 25% to 35% 
coming from the larger customers.  
 
Sameer Chheda: Okay. And are we working to add any new clients? Like we have four 
customers in AC. So are we looking to add anything, are the talks on 
for--? 
 
[[PAGE 22]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are, we are, yes. Small and large both, yes. 
 
Sameer Chheda: Both. So currently four are there since last quarter we had four, this 
quarter also four are there. 
 
Moderator: Correct, yes.  
 
Sameer Chheda: Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Bhavika. Bhavika, you 
can move ahead. We'll move on to next participant. Shrey Gandhi, you 
can go ahead.  
 
Shrey Gandhi: Hello, am I audible now? So I just have a small question. Like as we 
are expanding our capacity across EMS and deep freezers and 
compressor in coming quarters, and which is expected to go live. And 
so after expecting a meaningful ramp up in FY28, can we expect our 
revenue share from AC to go down from current 60% and experience 
higher share from the EMS and compressor segment and therefore 
realize higher EBITDA margins in coming years? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Too early to comment, but I believe AC is also one of the faster growing 
segments. So I don't believe it'll change too much from 60% in the next 
financial year. Over time we have to see, but next financial year I think 
we will aim to maintain, I mean a 60% I think is a good is a good share 
to maintain because AC is one of the faster growing segments of the 
four or five segments that we are part of. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: Okay, that was my only question. Congratulations and all the best for 
the future. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Chetan. Chetan, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Chetan Cholera: Yeah, I already sent on a Q&A. So do you want me to read out? 
 
Moderator: Yes, you can go ahead. 
 
Chetan Cholera: Yeah, my question is, given the government push for localization and 
QCO link compressor imports exemptions extended till March 27, how 
is VOEPL planning to scale this beyond 50% utilization to beat this 
[[PAGE 23]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
target of 50% revenue share and what are the margin profile expected 
once full work order integration is achieved? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry, if I understand correctly, you are saying that localization push 
for compressor. So we are right now, like I mentioned, we are working 
on refrigeration compressor, AC compressor we have not started 
working on. But if there is a good opportunity and if the situation aligns, 
then we will definitely look at that. 
 
So that is point number one. So we are working on multiple areas, 
including other components that we integrate. So for PCB, we are 
buying partial quantities from outside, we are looking to take that in-
house as well. So we are serious about localizing, we are serious about 
aligning with the government objective. And we are working on 
multiple areas to do that. That was the first question. 
 
The second question was capacity utilization. So being a seasonal 
product, immediate capacity utilization of more than 60%, 65% in the 
AC and refrigeration segment is difficult, it will happen over time. That 
is point number one. Point number two, compressor, we can look at a 
capacity utilization of more than 75% by next year for the capacity that 
we have added. But you have to keep in mind any capacity that we add, 
we need between 12 months and 24 months to be able to reach the 
desired level of utilization, because there is customer validation cycle 
and there is multiple approvals that we have to go through. And I think 
the revenue share question we've already discussed and we've already 
answered. 
 
So I think I'll skip that. And working capital, I mean, we are planning, 
we are trying to manage between debt and equity so that we have a 
healthy balance of debt and equity across the company. And we have 
to, we have to be as lean as possible, I believe, in our inventory levels 
and our operations to be relevant and to be able to meet industry targets. 
I think I've answered all questions if I'm correct. 
 
Chetan Cholera: Yeah, thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rajat Tibrewal. Rajat, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Rajat Tibrewal: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. I just wanted to 
understand if you could give some colour on the equity dilution plan 
[[PAGE 24]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
that we may have and also the debt plan given the CapEx plans that we 
have. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So like I mentioned a few minutes ago, I think we plan to have a balance 
of debt and equity, because it is important that we don't stretch too 
much. So dilution will depend on how much fund is required. Our 
primary source of funding continues to be debt with a healthy balance 
of equity. Exact numbers, I think we will know with time. This year's 
fundraise, the ongoing round is there, post which we will look at raising 
maybe funds next year or next to next year as the requirement may come 
up. But the expansion that we are planning so far is now more or less 
tied up. 
 
Rajat Tibrewal: So can we assume that the current debt equity ratio is something that 
will remain constant or we see it going down or going up? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think for the next 12 months, it will remain in the same region.  
 
Rajat Tibrewal: Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the last question from Hemant Soni. Hemant, you 
can go ahead. We'll take the last question from Shreyans. Shreyans, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Hello, my question is to Sajid sir. Hello. 
 
Moderator: Hello. 
 
Hemant Soni: This is me. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yeah, you are audible.  
 
Hemant Soni: Yeah. Sir thank you for providing me the opportunity again. So if I 
heard it correctly, Voltas is our biggest customer from the AC vertical 
and the contribution right now is 40% to 45%. What is the contribution  
of our second largest customer within the AC segment? And if you can 
maybe mention the name, it will be great. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We don't have, I mean, I don't have the exact numbers in hand, but and 
also, I would want to refrain from sharing the exact breakups. I believe 
it doesn't reflect well on our relationships, but we are actively working 
on making sure that we have a healthy customer base. But just 
diversification is not the strategy. We have to make sure that we service 
[[PAGE 25]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2026 12.00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
and satisfy customer requirements. That is something that we are more 
focused on.  
 
Sajid Shaikh: And just to clarify, Voltas is 40% of the AC segment. We are saying 
40%, 45% of the AC segment, not of the entire top line. 
 
Hemant Soni: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Shreyansh, you can go ahead. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Yeah. So my question was to Sajid sir. So you do third-party sales in 
compressor as well as in component side, but if we see the top line for 
standalone and consolidated, there is hardly any difference. So could 
you please help me understand? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Currently Voltas, sorry, Virtuoso Optoelectronics is buying for 
Virtuoso Compressors and hence that anomaly that you are able to see. 
Going forward, it will not go that way. 
 
Shreyans Jain: I just want to confirm. One last question. Why has there been fall in 
depreciation sequentially from Q4 '26 to Q1 '27? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: ROU component was something that we had accounted for the first time 
in Q4. Hence, there is a huge load up over there if you see. That has 
gone down substantially and now it is normalizing. So the numbers that 
you see now are going to be the steady state number more or less unless 
and until we keep adding on either the ROU assets or the fixed assets. I 
think this is a steady state number that you see now, Q1. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Understood. Thank you so much and all the best for the future. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: You are most welcome. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraint, this was the last question. Sir, would 
you like to give any closing comments? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. Thank you once again for all of you to take your time and we 
hope to see you next time. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you to the management team for your valuable time 
and thank you to all the participants for joining the call. This brings us 
to the end of today's conference call. You may all disconnect now. 
Thank you. 
