[[PAGE 1]]
June 03, 2026
To
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code – 543597
Subject- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript for Q4 & H2 FY
2026 Post Earnings Conference Call held on June 01, 2026.
Dear Sir/Madam,
With respect to above captioned subject, please find attached herewith transcript of the Conference
Call for Analyst and Investors held for Q4 & H2 FY 2026 on June 01, 2026 at 10.30 A.M. IST (12:00
hours).
Kindly take the same into your records.
Yours faithfully,
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Prasad Zinjurde
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
M No. A54800
[[PAGE 2]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Q4 & H2 FY26
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
June 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Management Team
Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director
Sajid Shaikh - Chief Financial Officer
Call Coordinator
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting
[[PAGE 3]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 2 of 25
Presentation
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q4 H2 and FY26 post
earnings conference call of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited. On the
call from the management we have with us Mr. Sukrit Bharati,
Managing Director and Mr. Sajid Shaikh, Chief Financial Officer.
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded.
I would now request the management to brief us about the business
and performance highlights for the period ended March 2026, the
growth perspective and vision for the coming year, post which we will
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you sir.
Sajid Shaikh: Good morning everyone and thank you very much for sparing your
valuable times to join this session. I would request Rajiv to please run
through the presentation please. Can you just move on? Rajiv?
Moderator: No Rajiv, it's not visible. Just a sec, let me share.
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah, it's visible now. Can we move forward? So to start with, I
would like to say that this, the year that has gone by, '25-'26 was a
year that was a year that defined the resilience that Virtuoso has. I
think despite of the fact that we had a very challenging H1 with
multiple factors at play, we still were able to recover the entire year
through the last six months. And overall, I think the year has gone
decently well for us.
These are the numbers that are currently displayed on the screen. I
think we have closed the year at INR823 crores, which is roughly 18%
of top line growth, vis-à-vis what we did last year. The EBITDA
numbers have also improved significantly. If you see the overall
absolute numbers from a 60-odd crores of EBITDA, we have moved
to about INR86 crores EBITDA. The percentage margin also is
relatively better, I think, decently better. From an 8.6%, it has moved
to 10.4%. The PBT levels have remained more or less stagnant,
because of multiple factors, because this is the first year that we have
moved to Ind AS. And the right of use assets have played their role as
far as the overall waterfall from EBITDA to the margins are
concerned.
[[PAGE 4]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 3 of 25
Profit after tax has also shown a slight improvement from a 1.7%, it
has moved to 1.8%. On an absolute terms, I think from a INR12 crore
ballpark PAT margin that we had in the last year, we have moved to a
INR15 crore PAT margin this year. These are the numbers, of course,
that I am talking from the consolidated point of view.
Q4, when you see Q4 also, I think Q4 also has a story to tell. Last year,
Q4, Q4 25 was an excellent Q4 for us, an excellent quarter for us,
where we did INR240 crores. But this year, we have beaten that
number also by a decent margin. From a INR240 crores, we have done
INR317 odd crores, kind of a number in Q4. And I think Q4 of this
year has been the mainstay as far as our comeback is concerned. So,
that's an important number that has come about.
Can we move forward? So, these are the numbers that we are
displaying. The overall from '21 onwards, the CAGR has been 49% as
far as revenue is concerned. EBITDA also has moved about 47%. PBT
margins in excess of 50%, 56%. And PAT numbers also in excess of
52%. So, that is the kind of growth that we have been able to show
over the last six years.
Can we move forward, please? I will just spend a little while over here
is what we are trying to do now going forward from FY26-'27
onwards. The first thing here is that we have been able to set up
capacities in all four segments. The four segments that we have, the
broad four segments that we classify our business into are EMS and
lighting, AC, refrigeration, which includes commercial refrigeration,
and compressor, which is a new segment. In all of these segments, we
have been able to invest and create capacities.
Going forward this year onwards, we intend to increase utilization,
transfer these assets to the maximum possible. And also, we want to
increase capacity going forward here as well. I mean, if I go segment
wise, when you talk about LED EMS, I think we are in the process of
adding a new facility altogether for EMS, which will be an advanced
kind of facility in comparison to what we have now. So, that is what
we are doing in EMS. In AC, we are looking to, as we move forward
in the further slides, there will be more description on that. But AC
also, we are trying to increase capacity. So, one is the capacity that we
have already established. We want to ensure that utilization goes up
there. And at the same time, we want to increase capacity.
In line with what we have been doing as a philosophy, I think as a
company philosophy over the last six, seven years, we intend to
[[PAGE 5]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 4 of 25
continue with that in terms of deepening our backward integration,
whether it is in EPS, plastics, CFF, we already have EMS capabilities
that I just spoke about. We are happy to announce that the new tool
room that we have in Nasik has also become operational and it is
currently being scaled that, the turnaround times in terms of our
product developments, etc., is faster. We also want to grow on the
ability that we have been able to acquire last year. Last year was a
significant year for us because of the fact that in the AC segment
specifically, we moved from being an OEM to an ODM. This is what
has helped us in acquiring additional customers. And going forward
also, I think that will help us stand in good. And VOEPL, in addition
to this, is also working continuously in trying to develop newer
products, options, and add or offer more variety to our customers.
Beyond which we are also looking to grow in the high potential
categories. AC, I have already spoken about. Compression production
-- compressor production is something that has really been exciting
part for us. I think this is something that I missed in the initial part of
it. January, we have started commercial production compressor. And
we are, as we speak now, I think it's the fifth, sixth month of
production and we are already running at about 60%-odd capacity
utilization. And we are very confident that I think going forward in the
next two to three months, we should be running at about 80% odd
kind of a capacity.
In the commercial refrigeration bit also, we have added our offerings.
We have, in addition to the hardtop that we have been manufacturing
now, we have added the glass top range also.
Can we move forward? So, these are the growth levels. We have
capacity utilization being one of them. We are talking about the non-
AC segment acceleration, refrigeration and compressor. ODM, I have
already spoken about. And I have also spoken about the backward
integration.
Can we move forward? These are the capacities. EMS, from the
current 4 lakh CPH, we are moving to 8 lakh in the first phase and 12
lakh in the second phase. AC as a set, we are currently sitting on a
capacity of about a million. And we look to take it to about 1.8 million
by the end of this year. Defreezers, I think we have spoken about it
earlier also that the current capacity is 1.5 lakh units. Plant capacity is
4 lakh units, which will happen in two phases. The first phase is where
we want to move it to 2.5 lakhs and then 4 lakhs. And in compressors,
the current capacity is 2.8 million. We want to take it to 6 million
[[PAGE 6]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 5 of 25
before the end of this financial year. Work towards this has already
started.
Can we move forward? So, these are the growth drivers. We have
strong domestic demand. In all the segments that we are present in,
there is an active push from the government in terms of localization
that is also kind of providing us statements. When we talk about the
compressor segment, I think the announcement from the government
where they have given so-called relaxation for the import of
compressors, the reciprocating compressors in the segment that we are
in, I think 40% is what they have given us, which is a very good signal
for us. It directly means that 60% of the requirement of whatever the
manufacturing companies have today will have to be sourced locally,
which directly opens the gates for us because as of now, we are the
only ones who are doing this in the OEM/ODM space, reciprocating
compressors. Of course, we have a strong blue-cheek customer base.
I think all of the segments now have marquee customers, whether it is
LED, EMS, AC, deep freezers, as well as compressors. And beyond
the central government PLI scheme, we have also Maharashtra
electronics policy, which is also helping us scale up and accelerate the
growth plans that we have.
This is one, I would just like to touch base upon one area I had is that
till last year, it was more of a single product company that we were. I
mean, a lot of dependence was there on the AC segment, where AC
was almost contributing till last year to about 70%, 75% of our
revenues. From there, AC -- dependence on AC has gone down to
about 60% roughly. So, the rest of 40% is coming through the other
segments that we have spoken about. And this is a very encouraging
trend that has come up, a change that is going to help us in the long
run. And shifting from OEM/ODM that I have already spoken about.
Yeah, I think we can move forward. This is how we are currently
placed. Virtuoso Optoelectronics as a listed company, we are a
flagship company. We have two subsidiaries, Virtuoso Compressors
Private Limited and Virtuoso Polymers. Polymers has two units, one
of them at Sanand and one in Chennai. Compressor is also looking to
have a separate manufacturing facility of its own in Nasik. Hopefully,
very shortly the development work on that site is going to start.
These are the broad numbers that we talk about in terms of the AC
components and EBITDA models.
[[PAGE 7]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 6 of 25
We can move forward. This is what I spoke about where air
conditioner has gone down from about 75% to 60%. EMS is around
15%. It has been there. Commercial refrigeration 10%. Components is
something that has taken up a good amount of space last year and I
think it is rising, 7%. Compressor this year is going to be even more
than that. I think we had only three months of actual production that
was available to us in the last year. And within that short period of
time, I think Compressor was able to contribute a good revenue share.
Yeah, we can move forward. I think most of this is anyways. So the
revenue scale, yes, as a company, I think we are looking at a 35%,
40% kind of a CAGR going forward in the next three to five years that
we have been seeing and we continue to stand with that. I think that is
one number that we are looking at. OEM/ODM, we have already
spoken.
Yeah, so that was a brief. Yeah, Vinay?
Question-and-Answer
Moderator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take the first question
from Dhruv Jain. Dhruv?
Dhruv Jain: Yeah, thanks a lot for the opportunity and congratulations Sukrit and
Sajid for very good numbers. My first question is on price hikes, right?
So what we have seen is that the AC pricing has really moved up
given raw material prices, etc. So just wanted to understand, A, what
is the kind of price hikes that you have taken? And incrementally, do
you expect your margins to remain where they are in this year, at least
from an AC perspective, or do you see some pressure there given the
raw material pricing? That is my first question.
Sajid Shaikh: So I think to answer your question, I would say that whatever pressure
came on the margins owing to the fact that there was an increase in the
raw materials, the price hikes have been able to kind of cover that. We
cannot say at this point in time that there has been any real gain. But
the only thing that I can say is that whatever was the pressure on the
margins, whatever is that we probably were kind of losing out there
has been compensated. That is the only thing that has happened as far
as the hikes are concerned. Going forward in this year also, we expect
the margins to remain where they are, unless of course there are any
other macroeconomic jolts.
Moderator: Sajidji, there is some disturbance behind you.
[[PAGE 8]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 7 of 25
Sajid Shaikh: No, it is not me. I think there is somebody else.
Moderator: Okay. Continue.
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah. So was I audible when I answered the question?
Moderator: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sukrit Bharati: Just to add to that, the reason why, I mean, our margins were already
below or lower because we were an OEM and ODM range has
recently been introduced. So of course, we have not been able to
probably get the advantage that we should have hoped to get as an
ODM. So margins to that extent are not ideal, but the pressure I think
will persist. So I think there are two ways this will end probably. If the
rates settle down at a certain price, right now there is uncertainty of
the RM rates in the market. Once we know for sure that they are
settling at a certain level, then I think the market will also adjust their
pricing based on that and effectively we will also get passed on
whatever the balancing rates are.
But till the final RM price is derived or the market price is established,
our pricing is difficult to completely become immune to the
fluctuation. So there has been an impact, but the impact has been sort
of mitigated with a combination of multiple reasons. One, of course,
addition of customers, second, old inventory, and third, government
support in terms of subsidies. And fourth, because of product
diversification. So that is that has been the story of last year. Let us
see how this year goes. Thank you. I hope I answered your question.
Exact percentages are difficult, but I hope I broadly answered it.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Garvit Goel. Garvit,
you can go ahead. Garvit? Okay. We will take the next question from
Siddharth Jain. Siddharth, you can go ahead.
Siddharth Jain: Yeah, hi. Good morning, team. And congratulations to sir and Sajid sir.
Sir, firstly, we have a -- one of the slides shows the capacity expansion
plan that we have. If you can just give us a timeline of when do we
expect these different capacities to come online that will be helpful?
Sajid Shaikh: EMS is expected to be online, I think, in the next three months time. It
is already underway. So that is EMS. AC is also an ongoing process,
the movement from 1 million to 1.8 million, as I said, which would be
completed within this FY hopefully before we enter the next season,
[[PAGE 9]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 8 of 25
AC season. But I think that is going to also going to happen
incrementally. So from 1 million to 1.3 million, probably before the
season is definitely on the cards. And again, as I said, within this FY,
we need to take it to 1.8 million. Freezes also should happen, the first
phase should get completed before the end of, before the start of the
forthcoming season. Compressors, as I said, is a 9 to 10 month journey.
So the next phase of expansion from 2.8 million to 6 million should
happen let us say by March.
Siddharth Jain: So what will be the CapEx outlay for these CapEx plans and how do
we plan to fund them?
Sajid Shaikh: So compressors we have already tied up. So compressor is INR150-
odd crores kind of an investment that is going to happen over the next
1 year. That is phase 1 of the expansion. That is already tied up. And
beyond which I think the rest of it is also tied up. EMS is something
that we have already spoken about in the last investor call as well. I
think there is a INR25-odd crores kind of investment that is happening.
That is tied up. AC is something where we will require points. But I
think we are looking at debt as a primary option there. And as time
approaches, we will see what else is required. But I think for now,
whatever is required appears to be tied up. There might be some
requirement that might come up in the next 1 or 2, 3 months. We will
just see how it pans out and depending on that, we will look at it.
Moderator: We will take the next question from Raghav Maheshwari. Raghav,
you can go ahead.
Raghav Maheshwari: Hi, am I audible?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, you are Raghav.
Raghav Maheshwari: Hi, sir. Good morning and congratulations on a great set of numbers.
So, my first question is around the compressor segment. So, as of now,
can you tell us the capacity utilization that we are running on?
Sajid Shaikh: About 60%.
Raghav Maheshwari: 60%, okay. And sir, for the AC segment, in total, how many
customers do we have right now?
Sajid Shaikh: We are currently catering to 4.
[[PAGE 10]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 9 of 25
Raghav Maheshwari: Currently catering to 4. All right. And are we in talks to finalize some
new ones?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, there are. But I think especially during the last 1 or 2 months, our
capacity was getting fully utilized. So, there was capacity constraint
and hence, we were not able to add back this year. But I think going
forward, hopefully, in the next season, we might have 1 or 2 new
names as well.
Raghav Maheshwari: Right, sir. And so secondly, sir, like we mentioned that our capacity is
like compressor is running at 60% and AC, like you said, we have
already exhausted. So, for this 30%, 35% growth that you said in the
initial remarks, where is that -- like, do we have the headroom for that
in terms of capacities?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, we do have headroom for capacity. So, when I am saying
capacity, see again, AC is something where we need to understand
that during the season we are talking about the key capacity utilization.
Raghav Maheshwari: Understood, sir. And sir, my next question is regarding the mainboard
migration, sir. In your last intimation, I think we have got the approval.
So, can you give us a timeline, like, by when can we see this
happening completely?
Sajid Shaikh: So, we have received the in-principle from BSE. We are expecting the
in-principle to come from NSE in the next maybe week or so. Beyond
which we are told that there is another four to six weeks that we
require for the actual migration to happen. So, listing is the next part
of it, which will take four to six weeks.
Raghav Maheshwari: So, I think by the end of August, is it safe to assume?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes. Let us hope it does not go that long.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Shreyansh. Shreyansh,
you can go ahead.
Shreyansh Jain: Hello, am I audible?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, Shreyansh, you are audible.
Shreyansh Jain: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, a couple of questions.
Despite ongoing energy crisis, commodity inflation and BEE norm
change, our margins were better as compared to peers. So, could you
[[PAGE 11]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 10 of 25
please throw some light on what are the initiatives being taken by us
during such a situation to protect our margins?
Sajid Shaikh: One is that in the first nine months, if you see, the margins were
mainly, you can say, supported by the fact that we did a lot of
components in the first nine months. I think that was one major factor
that helped us keep our margins to that level. Because AC in general is
a low margin product, even with the entire series. So, we do not really
believe that there is something extraordinary that we would have done
there. But components as a product mix, what we did was able to help
us. Secondly, a little while ago, Sukritji was saying that we from an
OEM to an ODM. So, I think it did not help us in increasing the
margins in general, but I think retaining the margins or protecting the
margins was possible primarily because of that reason. I think when
you look at the overall numbers and have these two factors on your
mind, I think that is what helped us. Although there was a slight
decline when you see from Q3 to Q4, again, of course, because of the
fact that we did more ACs in Q4. So, when you see Q3 and Q4, you
will realize that there has been a slight drop in our margins.
Sukrit Bharati: And just to add the margins definitely are something that we are also
fighting for with our customers and we have customers have also
supported, I think we appreciate that also, to the extent that they can,
they have also supported. But one point just to add is product
segmentation mix also happened. So, that also helped. So, it was a
combination of multiple things, not one specific thing that sort of
came to the rescue. And like we have been discussing for the last
couple of years, diversification was something that we were doing so
that we are better prepared for such situations. And I think that
situation came faster than we had anticipated. But so, this is where we
are. Hopefully, this will lay the foundation to better results going
forward.
Shreyansh Jain: Okay. So, could you quantify what percentage of revenue is coming
from ODM in RDC, sir?
Sukrit Bharati: I do not have the exact percentage number, but I believe this year,
revenue from ODM was between 40% and 50% out of the AC revenue.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Bala. Bala, you can
go ahead.
Bala Murali Krishna: Yeah, good morning. Sir, my first question is regarding that CAPEX
plans. So, earlier also, we have a target to increase or decrease the
[[PAGE 12]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 11 of 25
capacity from 150K to 400K, but it is not materialized. So, how do
you think that whatever outlet and shown in the presentation of this
quarter will get materialized as per the timelines and also mostly in
this current financial year?
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry. So, last year, because of the overall slowdown in the market,
and for us also, it was important to conserve cash. Hence, we did not
push on projects which were not absolutely essential. Expansion will
continue to be part of strategy and we will continue to work towards
expansion based on demand and, of course, availability of resources.
So see, plans are definitely plans. I mean, 100% execution of plans is
not always in our control. But the idea is that we try to stay as close to
the possible roadmap that we give out is the intention.
Bala Murali Krishna: Okay, thanks. On the compressor side, actually, could you please help
me to understand what the average realization of the compressor and
also when it comes to margins front. So, in previous quarters, we are
maintaining 11% margins. So, when we are expanding other products
also in this current financial year with the compressor and the freezers
and EMS. So, do you accept the overall margins of the FY27 could be
around 12%? Is it possible?
Sajid Shaikh: Well, this is a very wishful number. I think we will try and keep it
closer to double digits. So, between 9% and 10% is what we expect.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Kaushal Sharma.
Kaushal, you can go ahead.
Kaushal Sharma: Hello. Yeah. Hi, sir. Am I audible? Very good morning.
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah. Good morning. You are audible, sir.
Kaushal Sharma: Yeah. Sir, my question is on your CapEx, like you have said that we
are expanding EMS, AC, freezer and compressor. So, what kind of
asset turns are we expecting in this or what kind of peak utilization
level or potential revenue are we expecting from these additions? And
sir, you said that AC may require a CapEx. What is the quantum of the
CapEx and what amount of debt we are requiring in this?
Sajid Shaikh: So, three questions. One is you spoke about the asset turns. For each
of them, the asset turns are different. I think EMS asset turns are
between 3 and 5 depending on what product we make. Air
conditioners, the asset turn is again 4 to 5. Refrigeration is also
between 4 and 5 as of now. For compressors, as long as we do not
[[PAGE 13]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 12 of 25
backward integrate, the asset turns are around 4, 3.5, 4. So, that is the
first question that you had asked. The second question was the peak
capacity utilization. So, when we are saying peak capacity utilization,
if you annualize that depending on the seasonality, etc., the current set
of expansion that we are looking at is good enough to take us beyond
INR2,500 crores.
Kaushal Sharma: 2500 crores, yeah. What is the quantum of the CapEx
Sajid Shaikh: So, you also -- the third part was the AC would require about INR40
crores to INR50 crores of investment.
Kaushal Sharma: So, the entire would be funded from the debt?
Sajid Shaikh: That we will see as we go ahead. Some of the debt we have already
tied up.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Kunal. Kunal, you
can go ahead.
Kunal Tokas: Audible, sir?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, you are.
Kunal Tokas: Okay. First question, if you can tell the CapEx amount for each
segment, AC you have already told, INR40 crores to INR50 crores
and compressors for INR150 crores, if you can tell those numbers
about the other segment
Sajid Shaikh: Refrigeration is in two phases. So, refrigeration is in two phases. I
think the first phase would require about INR20 crores, INR25 crores.
The second phase again will require a similar kind of number. So,
between INR25 crores and INR50 crores in the two phases that we are
talking about as far as compressor is concerned. EMS, I think I spoke
already, it is about INR25 crores that we need to spend there.
Kunal Tokas: Okay. And about compressors, what percentage of the -- I mean, have
you already started tying up the expanded compressor capacity for
FY27?
Sajid Shaikh: What we can say that we have enough interest on this product, which
gives us a confidence that the additional capacity will also be booked
pretty fast.
[[PAGE 14]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 13 of 25
Kunal Tokas: And this will come up in 9 to 10 months, right?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes.
Kunal Tokas: What revenue contribution and EBITDA margin do you expect from
the compressor business in FY27? And for the margins, what progress
do you see from '27 to '28?
Sajid Shaikh: So, margins, I think we have spoken earlier also, margins is a two-way
story, two-factor story. So, one of them is the -- as long as Chinese
imports are allowed and the quantum of Chinese imports that are
allowed, that will dictate the margins. So, from 100% kind of a
situation that we had when we started to a 40% that I spoke about
earlier, the margins are going to stay between 6% and 7% this year.
And with the complete -- hopefully the complete stoppage of import
from China, this can move closer to double digits in the next 2 years.
Kunal Tokas: Okay, sir. The other question was about the RAC volumes in FY27,
the growth in RAC volumes, if you can give that and what utilization
are you targeting for this year FY27?
Sajid Shaikh: So, RAC utilization between 60% to 65% is very healthy in our
understanding and experience. So, I think that is what we are targeting
for. And growth is going to be around 30%-odd, 30% to 40% growth.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Omkar. Omkar, you
can go ahead.
Omkar Dandekar: Am I audible? Hello?
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, yes, you are. Please go ahead.
Omkar Dandekar: First question is my, currently how much value addition are we doing
in compressor? And for next few years, what are our plans in this
product? Will we focus more on volumes or on macro integration?
Sukrit Bharati: I think we have spoken earlier as well. The idea is to first ramp up
capacities. The initial target, capacity target for us is about 8 million.
So, from 2.8 to 6 and let us say 8, 8.5 million is what we want to take
this capacity to. The value addition as of now is between 5% and 10%.
It will remain at the same levels till the time that we are able to hit the
capacity target that we have. And once that is there, post that, that is
the phase two of our plans is where we will start increasing the
backward integration. The idea is to take it to maybe about 60% odd
[[PAGE 15]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 14 of 25
in the next five years. But that will happen once we have reached the
capacity targets.
Omkar Dandekar: Okay. What will be the margins on compressors?
Sajid Shaikh: I think I have already spoken this year. It should be between 6% and
7%. And progress as we have both these scenarios unfolding, one of
them is the government restrictions on imports from China. And the
second one is, of course, the backward integration. I think both of
them put together, this can exceed double digits as well. So, the
journey from 6% to 7% will start this year. And in the next 4 to 5
years, we hope that it will probably hit 11%, 12% kind of a number.
Omkar Dandekar: Yes. Question is on capital allocation. We are planning to raise around
INR250 crores via equity and INR150 crores via debenture.
Sajid Shaikh: So could you please come a little more clearer. I'm not able to hear
you.
Omkar Dandekar: Question is on capital allocation. We are planning to raise around
INR250 crores via equity and INR150 crores via debenture. So, could
you please throw some light on what are plans going forward?
Sajid Shaikh: That INR250 crores is a blanket approval we have taken. I mean, it
does not mean that we are going to raise INR250 crores or the
timelines in which we have to raise this INR250 crores. That is just a
blanket approval we have taken. INR150 crores, of course, is there
that is going to come in the subsidiary. And that is the exact amount
that is going to be needed in the subsidiary for the first phase of the
expansion from 2.8 million to 3 million.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Abhishek. Abhishek,
you can go ahead.
Abhishek Hindocha: Hi, good morning.
Sukrit Bharati: Good morning.
Abhishek Hindocha: So, my first question, I want to relate to one like this year Q4. We see
the employee expense are significantly increased. Can you give me
some clarity on that?
Sajid Shaikh: You are saying employee expense?
[[PAGE 16]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 15 of 25
Abhishek Hindocha: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Sajid Shaikh: See, we started off very small. And as time has progressed and we
have started diversifying, we are trying to create a structure. And
obviously, new people are getting hired. The capacity is that we are
talking about multi locations where we have two plants in Chennai,
one is Sanand, and multiple locations within Nasik as well. So, I think
all of that and the structuring where we are trying to bring in the
business unit head methodology where we have each of the businesses
being headed by a unit head. So all of that plus the teams that are
required. So, I think the levels or the hierarchy is now getting
established. And obviously, that is going to add to the cost over there
in that column. I think nothing extraordinary beyond that.
Abhishek Hindocha: Okay, sir. And second, on receivable side. Trade receivable, we can
see like this year also a significant like, there is we can any trouble in
cash collection? Or it is a normal thing?
Sajid Shaikh: No, it is a normal thing. I think there is not much I think the numbers
are at par with what one would expect.
Abhishek Hindocha: Okay. And in EMS side, you will increase your capacity in two phase.
So, can you just give me the phase one and phase two timeline, when
you are planning to…?
Sajid Shaikh: Phase one is happening in the next three months itself.
Abhishek Hindocha: Okay.
Sajid Shaikh: By end of August, we should be ready with phase one expansion. And
by the end of this FY, I think phase two will also get completed.
Abhishek: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Rupal. Rupal, you can
go ahead.
Rupal Ratnawat: Hi, Sajidji. Good morning.
Sajid Shaikh: Good morning.
Rupal Ratnawat: Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to have a clear guidance on
balance sheet size for the FY27 and '28. Like since we have got funds
[[PAGE 17]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 16 of 25
tied up, so, what kind of debt and equity situation we could see on the
balance sheet for the next two years?
Sajid Shaikh: Debt and equity is what you are trying to look at. I think going
forward, the debt is INR150 crore is what is getting added on the
subsidiary this year, of course. There will be some equity that gets
added so that we balance out the story. Very difficult to predict the
exact numbers over there. But I think in the listed company or the
HoldCo if I am talking about there will be a net addition of about
INR50 crores, INR60 crores of debt this year.
Rupal Ratnawat: Okay. And we have taken a blanket approval of INR250 crores. So,
any little guidance on kind of equity we might raise because earlier we
had guided we would be keeping a certain ratio for debt equity. I
guess it was one is to one?
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah, correct.
Rupal: Right. And okay. On the second approach that we are moving towards
an ODM model in the AC segment, if we have any, if you can throw
any light on the average realizations, because since we are moving to
an ODM model, they might have increased from what they were
previously.
Sajid Shaikh: Realizations have remained stagnant. I think we have spoken earlier
also on this but we hope that we probably will be able to get a little
more, because of the fact that we have become an ODM. But I think
for now, and the volatility that's there in the market, the realizations
are pretty much similar. The average realization at a CBO still stays
about 20 odd, 20-odd thousand.
Rupal Ratnawat: 20-odd thousand for the unit?
Sajid Shaikh: Average realization. Of course, there will be the lower and the upper
end to it, depending on the model, etc.
Rupal Ratnawat: Yeah. Okay, understood. And I just wanted to check again, the
INR150 crores that we'll be raising in the subsidy for compressor that
is enough for the 6 million unit capacity over the year end?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes. Yes.
Rupal Ratnawat: That's from my side. Thank you so much.
[[PAGE 18]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 17 of 25
Sajid Shaikh: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you. We'll take the next question from Garvit.
Garvit, you can go ahead.
Garvit Goyal: Am I audible?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, you are.
Garvit Goyal: Good morning, sir. Sir, first question is on the demand environment
side. Currently, what kind of environment are we seeing, particularly
on the RAC representation and EMS side of it? Like how the primary
and the secondary market are working for us?
Sajid Shaikh: In the AC segment, I think we are seeing enough and good demand.
Also, because of the fact that we have become an ODM, I think that's
one more factor. The second factor is that the base, the kind of base
that we have is also pretty small. So for us, the runway is quite long.
And yes, of course, the demand is also there. Numbers for March, I'm
sure you all know it. April, May, June also looks to be on course to be
an excellent quarter as far as RAC is concerned.
Garvit Goyal: And on representation and EMS side of it, sir?
Sajid Shaikh: I think we have enough demand in both the segments. That's one of
the reasons why we are expanding. I think that's an indicator that we
have good demand.
Garvit Goyal: That's good. And you mentioned about the 30%, 35% growth and
EBITDA margin, maybe in the range of 9% to 10%. But what kind of
PAT margin range are we expecting? Because I think depreciation will
also kick in.
Sajid Shaikh: Depreciation will kick in, of course. I think PAT also should start
improving going forward. So whatever adjustments we have moved
from the I-GAAP to Ind AS this year, a lot of adjustments have taken
a toll on the PAT margin this year. But I think going forward, PAT
margin should improve. Can't predict as of now, but I think a 50 to
100 basis points improvement is expected over the next two years.
Garvit Goyal: And on the compressor side of it, with this extension on the
restrictions of the import, is it going to slightly negative for us in the
near term or how do you look at it?
[[PAGE 19]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 18 of 25
Sajid Shaikh: It's a very positive signal for us. Positive because the restrictions have
not been completely lifted, but the allowance that has been given is
only up to 40% of the import that any manufacturer would have done
in the base year, which is '24-'25, which eventually means that almost
50%, 60% of their requirement, they have to currently buy from us. If
there was a 100% restriction applied now, there would have been
chaos in the market because apart from us, there is nobody else as of
now. This is our understanding. Nobody else as of now is doing this
compressors in the OEM/ODM segment. So obviously, this has to go
in a calibrated fashion. It will go step by step. And I think whatever
best was there has come out for us.
Sukrit Bharati: I think, sorry, just to add, government has also taken a very conscious
call. They have calibrated and understood what capacities exist in
India. I mean, capacities not just of OEM/ODM, but also of
companies manufacturing their own compressors and refrigerators. So
that capacity also they have taken into account. They have also taken
into account the capacity that are planned to come in this year. So I
think the decision from the government is also very wise. And we
support it because model validation, customer validation of the model,
and all of that also is a long process. So we hope that things can settle
in. And since the demand gap is quite big, we hope our capacities we
will be able to book at a decent level, even if there is, I mean, even
with the planned addition of one or two competitors that will come in
over the next year or so.
Garvit Goyal: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Jitendra. Jitendra, you
can go ahead.
Hitaindra Pradhan: Yeah. Yeah. Hi, sir. So I hope I'm audible. First of all, congrats on the
good Q4. Just to continue on the QCO discussion. Sir, if you can
elaborate, like what are the capacities that are coming? And you
mentioned that this is a positive for us, but did it change any of our
timeline? I mean, in terms of adding to our current capacity, because I
think the previous guidance was we were going to take our capacity to
7.5 million compressors by this year end. I think now it is 6 million.
So if you can, like just elaborate on that. I mean, I agree with your
point that a blanket or, you know, full kind of restriction would have
created a chaos in the market. But does it provide time for our
competitors to also build capacities? So if you can give us some
colour on the landscape, who else is bringing capacities and how we
are positioned, that would be helpful. Thank you.
[[PAGE 20]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 19 of 25
Sajid Shaikh: Point number one. Yeah. Would you like to take this?
Sukrit Bharati: Yeah. So a couple of things. One, of course, we are aware of two
competitors who plan to come in, timelines and details, I think, best
they share. But I think we are expecting local manufacturing to start
maybe by end of Q3 or Q4, or early Q4 for one and maybe mid next
year for another one. I think the total capacities that are expected, I
mean, the total gap in the market is about 14 million or 15 million as
of today. And the total capacities, all capacities put together, I think
are expected to be between 15 and 18 million as of now.
Of course, these numbers are subjective and subject to change also
depending on how everybody behaves. So, but it also depends on what
market share, what is the pricing of each manufacturer and what is the
quality of product quality of product and service as we go forward. So,
we believe there will be two or three players in this segment active in
a year or two, which also makes for healthy competition, but we still
believe that 6 million is a number that we will be able to fill. If there is
opportunity, we will look at growing further to 7.5 million or maybe
9.5 million, 6 million was more to optimize the line productivity.
Initially, we had planned for 7 million. The 7 million to 6.5 million is
not because of the government order. It is more to optimize the line so
that the operational costs are minimum.
If we continue to see demand and we are able to sign long term
contracts, then we will further look at increasing to maybe a 9 million
or 10 million number. So, I think we will wait for things to pan out.
But this year, first, we go to 6 million. And we see how customers feel.
And if they are happy with the product, and we are able to get good
projections, then we will look at further capacity expansion in the next
financial year.
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah, and just one more point here. So, the 7.5 million that we spoke
about was also in two phases. It was never going to be in one phase
and in one year, I think we have already stated earlier that we wanted
to do it in two phase from the current 2.8 million to a 5 million and
then to a 7.5 million. So, the first phase is still there, it is on as per
plan, I mean, there is no change in plans.
Hitaindra Pradhan: Right, right, right. No, no, you have told, it will be contingent on the
QCO and how things pan out. Just wanted to, you know, check, we are
currently, selling like 50% of the current capacity. So, we will be
adding some more capacity in next few quarters. So already have
[[PAGE 21]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 20 of 25
clients in pipeline, I mean, who sell these compressors, or we are
going to add clients and all like how does it work?
Sajid Shaikh: We have enough interest, we have enough interest, I think we are
confident we will be able to do that.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Shrey Patel. Shrey,
you can go ahead.
Shrey Patel: Hello, sir. Am I audible?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, you are.
Shrey Patel: My question will be on the raw material side. How much of this raw
material price variations are you able to pass through to our customers?
And what is the typical time lapse for these adjustments?
Sukrit Bharati: How much? Yeah, please, please. Quantify actually last six, eight
months have been not six, but effectively five, six months have been
quite volatile. And so, pass on depends on multiple factors. Like I
explained earlier, it depends on how much the market is absorbing,
how much the customer is absorbing, how much inventory do we have
in the pipeline. So, it is a factor of multiple things. But like I said,
customers have supported, and between 10% and 15% as a ballpark
figure has been passed on overall from manufacturers to brands and
from brands to the end consumer. Also, see the pricing increase is not
specific to us or anybody else. It is a phenomenon that everybody
appreciates in the market.
So, we also appreciate the fact that customers are acknowledging it
and they are trying to figure out ways to sort of help us as
manufacturers as well. So, there is no --there is no direct number and
it varies from customer to customer, product to product. So, there is a
variation. But general thumb rule, like I mentioned is about 10% to
15% pass through that has happened overall across the industry so far.
Shrey Patel: Okay. And my another question is on the compressor vertical. So, we
are making reciprocating compressors for refrigerators, right?
Sukrit Bharati: Correct.
Shrey Patel: So, are we having any future plans on manufacturing rotary
compressors? That is for AC, I think.
[[PAGE 22]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 21 of 25
Sukrit Bharati: Not yet.
Shrey Patel: Okay.
Sukrit Bharati: Not finalized anything.
Shrey Patel: Okay. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take our next question, I request all participants
to limit the question to one. We'll take a follow up question from
Raghav. Raghav, you can go ahead.
Raghav Maheshwari: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity again. So, as of now, our non-AC
segments accounted for 40% in FY26. What is the path that we are
looking for in FY27 and by FY28? Like, do we see 50-50 or more
than that?
Sajid Shaikh: AC should remain at around 50%.
Raghav Maheshwari: Sorry, sir.
Sajid Shaikh: I think AC should remain around 50%.
Sukrit Bharati: So, again, this number is not something that we are hardlining. We
want AC to be 50%, 60% as a good diversification. But depending on
seasonality of product, depending on overall mix, there might be
changes. It is just a guidance that we have set for ourselves
considering the fact that as a company, we need to have a healthy mix.
But in general, ballpark figure that we expect is 50% to 60%, yes.
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay, so that helps. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best.
Sajid Shaikh: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take another follow up question from Shreyansh.
Shreyansh, you can go ahead.
Shreyansh Jain: Hi, thank you for the follow up. So, on PLI, this year would be the last
year for PLI, right? So, are there any talks with government to renew
the existing scheme or the next scheme would be only for players that
are backward integrated? Could you please throw some light on that?
Sukrit Bharati: There is no concrete roadmap as of now that we know of. But I
understand the government is working on some options to help
[[PAGE 23]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 22 of 25
support the industry. But there is no concrete discussion that I can
share with you today.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take another follow up question from Bala. Bala,
you can go ahead.
Bala Murali Krishna: Yeah, thanks for the follow up. So, last time I asked the question
about the average realization of the compressor net. Could you please
share that one? And also, when it comes to your guide, revenue
potential of INR2,500 crores after all CapEx completion. So, do you
think that the FY28, we can do that number given the AC demand is
good similar to FY25?
Sajid Shaikh: Average realization for compressor is about INR1,400 to INR1,500.
That's your one question. I think a jump from INR800 crores to
INR2,500 crores in two years is a big ask. I think it probably will
come, but it will take a little more time.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take next question from Akshay. Akshay, you can
go ahead. We'll take the next question -- yeah, I think he is unavailable.
Akshay Darji: Hello.
Sajid Shaikh: Yeah.
Akshay Darji: Yeah, good morning. I am audible?
Sajid Shaikh: Yes, you are.
Akshay Darji: Yeah. What will be the max debt in our financial year '27?
Sajid Shaikh: Sorry, I didn't get your question, please. Can you come again?
Akshay Darji: What will be the max debt in financial year '27?
Sajid Shaikh: Net debt, you are saying, or total debt?
Moderator: Akshay, you are speaking too close to the mic. If you can
speak a bit clearly, your question is not audible.
Akshay Darji: Yeah. What will be the total debt in the financial year '27?
Sajid Shaikh: I am saying another INR50 crores, INR60 crores is expected to be
added this year.
[[PAGE 24]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 23 of 25
Akshay Darji: Okay. And what about the cost of borrowing?
Sajid Shaikh: Cost of borrowing remains at around 8%, 8% to 8.25%.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take a follow-up question from Garvit. Garvit, you
can go ahead.
Garvit Goyal: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, one year back, we were targeting
somewhere around INR1,200 crores kind of top line in FY27. But
looking at the current guidance, we will be like marginally crossing
INR1,000 cr. for FY27. Despite you are saying there are good
environment, demand is good in across the categories. Why there is
like a dip in our revenue guidance for FY27?
Sajid Shaikh: FY27, I think we have said that we are going to have a 35%, 40%
CAGR, on an INR825 crore base, 35%, 40% is closer to the number
that you are saying.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take another follow-up question from Kunal. Kunal,
you can go ahead.
Sukrit Bharati: We are not revising the guidance. We are just saying that we are
expecting a good number. Exact numbers, we will probably share with
you over the course of the year. The guidance remains same.
Kunal: Am I audible?
Moderator: Yes, Kunal, you are audible.
Kunal: Okay. In this year, how much volume contribution are you expecting
from the Chennai facility? And just a clarification to the 60% to 65%
CU of AC you mentioned, is that what's the base for that?
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry, I didn't understand the second part of the question.
Sajid Shaikh: He is saying 60% to 65% utilisation, capacity utilisation, what is the
base for saying that? Seasonality, of course.
Kunal: No, no, I mean, is there 1 million or 1.3 million on what base?
Sajid Shaikh: Base you are saying, okay, base in that sense. See, again, here, we
have to understand that these capacities are not static numbers. These
[[PAGE 25]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 24 of 25
are growing quarter on quarter. So, we have to look at it from that
perspective.
Sukrit Bharati: And also, there is a product mix of what products customers are taking.
So, in some cases, we have IDUs or some cases we have ODUs, some
cases we have CBUs. So, it depends on multiple, but 60% to 65%, our
target is on the increased capacity of 1.3 million, but conservatively, at
least on the current capacity, we hope to be at 60%, 65%, because the
new capacity will come blended across the year. So, you can consider
65% or 60% on the current capacity of 1 million.
The second part of Chennai, this being the first year, we are not
expecting a massive number to come from Chennai, maybe a 5%, 6%
contribution, if we are able to generate out of Chennai, I think that will
be an overall win for the plant.
Moderator: We will take another follow-up question from Omkar. Omkar, you can
go ahead.
Omkar : Thank you for the opportunity. I have one question. You have
provided 9-month FY26 product-wise revenue. Could you please
provide product-wise revenue for FY26?
Sajid Shaikh: Product-wise revenue for…?
Omkar Dandekar: FY26, full year?
Sajid Shaikh: No, I did not get your question again. Can you please come again?
Omkar Dandekar: We have, in PPT, we have given 9-month FY26 product-wise revenue.
We have not given FY26 full year product-wise revenue.
Sajid Shaikh: Okay, all right. I think the full year mix. I think the general mix has
been given, not product-wise. I think we have said that, yeah, 60%.
Sukrit Bharati: There is a correction in the presentation. It is not revenue share 9-
month, it is revenue share 12-month. We will get that rectified.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the last question from Aryan. Aryan, you can
go ahead.
Aryan: Hi. Thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is if you can
provide the capacity utilization for each of the segments. And second
[[PAGE 26]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL)
Q4 & H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
July 01, 2026 10:30 AM IST
Page 25 of 25
question is the PLI. What is the PLI we have received this year and the
expected PLI in the next year? Thank you.
Sajid Shaikh: Capacity utilizations for each of the segment have been different. I
think EMS, we have been running at full capacity, almost 70% to 80%
capacity through the year. AC, again, as we have been, as I said,
progressively increasing the capacity over the last 2, 3 years. So, it is
very difficult to have a number which matches the number at the end
of the year. But in general, I think during the peak season, we have
been working at almost full capacity, 90%, 95% kind of a capacity
over the last 2, 3 months. Refrigeration, we are at about 60%-odd
capacity utilization and compressor also at about 60%-odd utilization.
And I am sorry, I forgot your second question. Hello?
Moderator: I think he is not there. So, since there are no further questions, sir,
would you like to give any final closing comments?
Sajid Shaikh: Sukritji?
Sukrit Bharati: See, the last year was full of uncertainties and challenges. Hopefully,
this year will be more stable considering the geopolitical situations.
But I firstly thank, of course, all investors and stakeholders, also
customers and the team for facing the challenges head on. And I think
we have come out stronger. So, we believe we can build on this and
take it -- take the company to newer heights as we go forward. Thank
you once again for all your time and on a Monday morning and see
you again in the next call. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. This brings us to the end of this today's call. Thank you to
all the participants and management. You may end this call.
Sajid Shaikh: Thank you.
