[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
November 20, 2025 
To   
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street   
Mumbai 400001   
 
Scrip Code – 543597 
 
Subject- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript for Q2 & H1 for 
FY 2026 Post Earnings Conference Call held on November 18, 2025. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With respect to above captioned subject, please find attached herewith transcript of the Conference 
Call for Analyst and Investors held for Q2 & H1 for FY 2026 on November 18, 2025 at 05.00 P.M. IST 
(12:00 hours) 
 
Kindly take the same into your records. 
 
Yours faithfully,   
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited   
 
 
 
Prasad Zinjurde 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M No. A 54800 
 
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 
 
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director 
Mr. Sajid Shaikh - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
[[PAGE 3]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of KAPTIFY Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY 2026 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited. Today 
on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. Sukrit 
Bharati, Managing Director; and Mr. Sajid Shaikh, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to briefly run us through the 
investor presentation, giving us the business and performance 
highlights for the period ended September 2025, the growth plan and 
vision for the coming year, post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: So good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining this call. I think the 
numbers we have already declared. I'm just running through the same. 
So this is a comparison that is put on your screen, which compares H1 
FY 2025 and H1 FY 2026 as a comparison. So at a top line level, the 
half year of 2026 has been pretty similar or flattish in comparison to 
last year. We did about ₹305 crores of net sales last year. This year, it 
has been ₹298 crores. However, the good thing over here is that at an 
EBITDA level, the company has performed better. 
 
Even despite the fact that there is a slight dip on the overall number, 
the company has done about 13.5% more EBITDA. So versus ₹28.1 
crores of last year, we have done about ₹318.9 crores EBITDA 
margin. It stands at about 13.6% in terms of percentages, which is up 
by 163 bps. The primary reason for this has been a larger contribution 
from non-AC products. So as we move forward during the Q&A, 
probably we'll answer this in a little more detail. 
 
The PBT is slightly lower than expected. The PBT has come to about 
₹7.8 crores, which is about 30% lower than last year. PAT level 
although seems much more lower, it is at 1.1% versus 2.4% that we 
did last year. But a large part of that can be attributed to the fact that 
there has been a huge component of deferred tax liability, which has 
come on the table here, which has brought down the overall PAT 
[[PAGE 4]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
levels. So that's primarily broadly the financial numbers for H1. Can 
you move forward, please? 
 
So this tells basically how we have grown over the years from 2021 to 
2025. The CAGR in top line has been 43%. When we consider the 
PBT, the CAGR has been at 56% in absolute value wise. EBITDA has 
grown by about 37% and PAT has grown by about 48% year-on-year 
over the last five years. Next slide, please. 
 
These are the annual statements. I think we can skip this for now. Way 
forward, Sukritji, would you like to take this? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yeah. So good evening, everybody. And once again, thank you for 
being part of the call. So last quarter, of course, in terms of AC sales 
has been a little slow. Even though the demands are strong, we expect 
we have a strong order book also looking forward. I mean, two, three 
reasons, one, of course, season being bad, inventory was high and 
second, there's a change in B rating. So newer specs were not released 
on time, which are being released now. So all the factors combined, I 
think Q2 was slower than expected for us. 
 
Anyhow, the way forward is as follows. We see a strong order book 
for the next six months or next eight months for the upcoming season, 
which is a good sign for us. So we intend to sweat the assets, all assets 
that were created over the last 12 months, whether it is in Nashik, 
whether it is in Chennai or Sanand, we want to start doing that, point 
number one. 
 
Point number two is our backward integration continues to grow and 
become stronger. Even though sales were muted, we have continued 
to expand our capacities, and we are continuing investments because 
we believe this is only a temporary phase of three, four months. And 
we will be back in full sale action by end of this month. 
 
So things on that side are good. So we have started our own new tool 
room for manufacturing tools and moulds. We are also further 
expanding our EMS capacity, which I'll further talk about ahead in the 
presentation. And that is what we are doing. As far as diversification 
of customer base and product segment was concerned, two years ago, 
we started the journey of diversifying from AC being our primary 
revenue driver. So now we are happy to share that we are diversifying 
not just within product segments, but also within customers for AC 
because now we have more capacity. 
 
[[PAGE 5]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
Like we discussed during the last call, our capacity ramp up is 
ongoing for 1 million pieces per annum, which is 10 lakh pieces. And 
next year, we want to further increase this to about 18 lakh pieces of 
CBUs of air conditioners, so which will be a major leap for us as far 
as capacity expansion is concerned. 
 
We are also happy to share that we have launched our ODM range of 
air conditioners in the market. And we are starting to work with 
additional customers because we have additional capacity, including 
our current customer in the AC segment. So we hope that we'll move 
up the value chain by not just diversifying products, but also 
diversifying customers within the same products. 
 
High potential categories. So we believe both compressor and 
commercial refrigeration are also high potential categories that will 
give us immediate growth. And commercial refrigeration has been 
picking up well. We have a steady stream of orders and a strong order 
book there as well for the next year. We also have an excellent set of 
customers that we are working with in the commercial refrigeration 
segment. So that is where we are expecting a good 35%, 40% growth, 
maybe higher because it's a smaller base to come from commercial 
refrigeration and compressors. We can go to the next slide. 
 
So the capacity expansion that I was talking about. So our current 
EMS capacity is about 400,000 cph, which is components per hour as 
far as line capacity is concerned. We plan to double that capacity to 
800,000 cph by mid next year. So this will be our first major 
investment in EMS post, I mean, in the last few years because we have 
major, most of the investment was going towards air conditioners and 
commercial refrigeration. 
 
AC, like I mentioned, this year we will complete our capacity of 10 
lakhs, and we will start ramping our capacity towards 18 lakh. To this 
extent, we have recently also tied up with a factory which is available 
in Chennai, and we have taken that factory for operational lease for a 
period of five years, where we will start manufacturing of air 
conditioners from Chennai also in Q4, so which will also add to our 
geographical presence, and it will give us additional tool designs and 
tool platforms that are already available in that manufacturing unit. So 
that manufacturing unit, we will start operating from first week of 
January, and we plan to start commercial production by end of Q4. 
 
[[PAGE 6]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
Water dispenser continues to be similar. Deep freezer, we are seeing a 
strong demand, and we will ramp up the capacity from 150,000 to 
400,000 before the end of the next financial year. 
 
Compressor, our current capacity is about 2.8 million. And the order 
book for next year, we already have a 50% booking of capacity in 
compressors for next year. And currently, we are maintaining the same 
capacity. But if things are aggressive and the QCO policy continues 
where the government does not extend the compressor import 
restriction, then we will look at expanding the capacity within next 
year itself for compressor manufacturing. So that is where we stand as 
of today for our capacities. 
 
Growth drivers continue to be strong demand, of course. Overall, the 
demand has been good, even though, barring the last three, four 
months. Localisation continues to be a focus area for the government, 
not just for ACs, but also they are now considering other components 
like compressors and other parts of refrigeration for the next round of 
PLI. So I think that is a good sign. We have a strong customer base, 
and we keep learning from them. And of course, the government is 
definitely active with all the policies, state policies and central 
policies. 
 
Right. So now as the company stands today, these are our primary 
verticals. Air conditioners, of course, continues to be still a dominant 
vertical as far as revenue is concerned. AC components is structuring 
well, both for our capital requirements and with what we are 
supplying to others. Washing machine, we plan to do. We have 
already done our pilot production lots. We plan to start mass 
production in a month or two once we complete our field trials. 
 
The refrigeration products. In deep freezers and water dispenser, I 
think there is a slight mistake in EMS. We need to get that corrected. 
In EMS, we are doing electronic controllers, and we are also doing 
LED lighting. In refrigeration, we are doing water dispensers and 
freezers. We have also started doing some assembly of refrigerators on 
the higher end refrigerators for a couple of customers, which is an 
SKD assembly as of now, and it is still a small part, but that is also 
something that we've started doing over the last two to three months. 
 
Compressor within the subsidiary of VOEPL, VCPL we are happy to 
share, we've started commercial production and we've started supplies 
to our customers from that segment vertical. I think it was a very 
quick turnaround and start-up of a compressor plant. I think we were 
[[PAGE 7]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
able to, from start to finish, do it in less than eight months, for which I 
think the credit is due to the team heading compressors. 
 
VPPL has two plants now. One, of course, is in Chennai, which is 
operational and is generating revenue. That plant also has a good order 
book for the next six to eight months. The plant in Sanand that we set 
up is in the trial phase now and will start commercial production 
maybe in mid or end of December. 
 
Some photos of our manufacturing units. So the compressor line and 
refrigeration, of course, is what has increased in the last year. These 
are the finished product verticals that I mentioned, semi-automatic 
being the new one and the latest one on the block and compressors, of 
course, we have started commercial production. 
 
Components, like I mentioned, we are doing all of these components 
in-house, and we continue to strengthen on controller boards with the 
expansion in EMS. 
 
These are, of course, some benefits, I think we have as a company. 
One is backward integration in manufacturing. We are clear and 
focused about staying core to manufacturing. And working with larger 
brands and the leading brands, even multi-nationals is teaching us a 
lot, and we continue to learn. Location wise, I believe we are well 
placed and centrally located which also helps. LI during the last, I 
think six months, we increased our sanction from ₹50 crores to ₹100 
crores. So that sanction also we've gotten. 
 
Right. Thank you. So that was a quick presentation about what has 
happened in the last few months. I think we can open the floor for 
questions. Thank you so much. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: All those who wish to ask a question may use the option of raise hand. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the first question from Akash Jain. Akash, you can unmute 
and go ahead. 
 
Akash Jain: Yeah, thank you, Sukrit and Sajid.  A couple of questions. One is on 
the AC part. This capacity expansion from 10 lakh to 18 lakh units 
seems to be a new development because in the last con call, I think we 
had not discussed expansion of AC more. And it's a little surprising 
because in the current environment, it's a little bit surprising. And by 
[[PAGE 8]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
current environment, I'm not saying AC demand being weak. I think 
the current environment in terms of most of the OEMs have increased 
their own capacity for in-house manufacturing, right? We have seen 
that happening to Voltas as well with the big increase in capacity in 
Chennai. 
 
And so in such an environment where we are seeing a lot of these 
OEM guys getting PLI benefits and doing their own in-house 
manufacturing, from a comfort point of view, what gives you comfort 
that we will be able to increase capacity significantly and utilise it? I 
think that's one part on the AC side. 
 
The second question is on compressor. I think you mentioned that, are 
you seeing a slight bit of risk in terms of the government again, 
simplifying the compressor imports and this whole trend of BIS on 
compressors and then pushing manufacturing in-house in India, do 
you see that getting postponed a little bit? What is the feedback on the 
compressor side and the policy decisions on compressor side? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. So thank you for the questions. So first question, as far as 
capacity expansion is concerned, two things. Since that now we are 
talking to more customers as far as AC is concerned, we see a stronger 
demand in the market, point number one. Point number two, for the 
next couple of years, I think the peaks are going to be very strong. 
 
And to cater to the peaks, you will need some buffer capacity. And if 
we don't have the buffer capacity, we don't want to be in a situation 
where we are not able to cater to our commitments to our customers 
during the peak season. So capacity expansion has two reasons. One 
is, of course, catering to peak requirements, which come in the next 
couple of years. That is one because customer satisfaction is very 
critical in those times. 
 
The second reason is that we believe even though some brands, like 
you mentioned, are taking manufacturing in-house, there are a lot of 
Tier 2, Tier 3 brands who are also growing aggressively. There are a 
lot of brands who have also decided to not increase their in-house 
capacity beyond what they have today. So in case the season, I mean, 
in case we see a growth of 10%, 15% in the market, we will suddenly 
run short of capacity is our anticipation. So even though we may not 
utilise more than 50% or 60% of our capacity in the next financial 
year once we achieve that 18 lakh number. But in FY 2028, we 
believe almost 70-odd percent utilisation is possible for the expanded 
capacity. That was point one. 
[[PAGE 9]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
 
Point two was as far as QCO is concerned, in our compressor plan, we 
expect that the government may give a few months or maybe a year's 
extension partially or completely for compressor imports. But looking 
at all the investments that have been committed in India now, both for 
rotary and reciprocatory compressors, I believe that the government 
will not unilaterally take back these QCOs. The current QCOs that 
have been reversed are more on the core metals. So I don't see it 
propagating across all products. But of course, this is a policy 
decision, so we cannot comment. 
 
As far as our capacity is concerned, we have already booked half of 
our capacity. And even if the QCO restrictions get extended with the 
capacity that we have, we are confident that we will continue to book 
it because customers get better service in terms of delivery. They don't 
have to wait for three months for delivery of material. After they give 
forecast, they can pick up material based on their comfort and 
availability. That is point number one. 
 
Point number two, in case of any service challenge support required, 
they have local support available. So import, as long as we match 
import prices, I don't see a challenge with capacity utilisation. That 
being said, if QCO, our margins, of course, will be lower by 2%, 3% if 
the QCO does not get extended, but I don't see a major hurdle in 
capacity utilisation. 
 
Akash Jain: Just one quick follow-up on this. So the AC plant, the new AC 
extension that you're doing in Chennai, will it be catering to only 
Voltas because obviously, Voltas is a big plant in Chennai now? Or is 
it going to be catering to... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Other customers. So we have already started tying up with additional 
customers who we will begin supplying in the next month. 
 
Akash Jain: Okay, yeah, thank you, Sukrit. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take next question from Achuth. Please go ahead. 
 
Achuth: Yeah. I have only one question regarding RAC, most of the big 
companies, they are saying there is slowdown in RAC. So if you have 
contacted them in the recent time, you need to sell RAC products to 
the partners, right? Have you had any conversation in recent times, 
[[PAGE 10]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
like how is the demand going on? Is the inventory cleared up? What is 
the status of RACs, I want to understand? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So our general feeler from the market is that overall situation is 
improving as far as inventory is concerned. Second, I mean the overall 
industry is maybe similar or 5% plus/minus as against last year. So 
there is no major degrowth, but because of the policy shift as far as the 
table change is concerned. And second, because people planned for a 
much bigger season, there was a temporary buildup of capacity. I see 
all of that regularising by December, January because everybody 
started planning for the upcoming season, and we already have a good 
order book. So I don't see that being a challenge. 
 
Achuth: Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. I request all participants to limit their question. We will 
take next question from Siddhant. Siddhant, you can go ahead. 
 
Siddhant: My first question is on the washing machine side. What capacity are 
we looking for the washing machine? And what will be the 
realisation? My second question is on the compressor. What kind of 
revenue should we consider in FY 2026 and FY 2027? Because if we 
are targeting 50% of our order coming from compressor, that is close 
to ₹200 crores. Is that number right? And my third question is 
regarding the inventory. So what kind of inventory is in the channel? 
And can you also give the breakup of the ₹300 crores in H1? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So washing machine, we are looking at a capacity of about 200,000 to 
250,000 pieces per annum, with a utilisation of about 50% to 70% in 
the next calendar year. Realisation value, one washing machine sells 
for about ₹6,000. So anywhere between, I mean, ₹60 crores to ₹100 
crores is what we're looking at from washing machine in the calendar 
year. That was question number one. Washing machine, we are doing 
8 to 9 kilos category as of now to start with as far as the product is 
concerned, semi-automatic twin tub. 
 
Second question with regards to compressor, yes, with a 50% capacity 
utilisation, we are looking at a revenue number of about ₹200 crores 
coming from compressors in the next calendar year. 
 
Third question, as far as inventory in the channel is concerned, we 
may not have the most accurate figures, but inventory is still slightly 
high, but I think people have already started building up inventory for 
the upcoming season. So I would not say that inventory should now be 
[[PAGE 11]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
a cause of big concern. I think people have started preparing for the 
season. And up till March, unless the next season is delayed or slowed 
or something of that sort, we still will continue to get strong 
requirements from the market. Thank you. 
 
Siddhant: Right. The last question, what will be the H1 breakup in terms of 
segment? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: H1 breakup, 50% of our revenue roughly came from air conditioners. 
15% to 18% came from commercial refrigeration, about 20% came 
from EMS and the remaining came from components. 
 
Siddhant: Okay. And year-on-year, what was the degrowth in AC? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Year-on-year degrowth in AC would be about, H1, about 30%, 35%. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: 75% last year, it has gone down to 52%. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct, yes. 
 
Siddhant: Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Arun.  Arun, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Arun: Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask last year, the AC 
numbers, we have gone down by 30%, 35% approximately. So what 
makes us believe that next year will not be similar? I mean, how are 
we optimistic on this? And based on the ₹7 crore investment which we 
made in Chennai, what is the revenue and profit potential in that? So 
that is my first question. Could you... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So a couple of things. One, this year, like I said, the anticipation of a 
bumper season increased the inventory, which I think the industry has 
sort of learned from. So I don't think the same exact mistake will 
happen or not a mistake, but the exact mismatch will happen next 
year, point number one. Point number two, apart from the industry, the 
table change is expected. So that was second reason of the slowdown, 
which is not going to happen next year. 
 
The third thing is earlier, we were only an OEM where we were 
dependent on one large customer, one primary customer for most of 
our AC business, which is changing this year, where we have become 
an ODM and we have our own line-up of product lines, and we are 
[[PAGE 12]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
looking at multiple customers. So all the three factors combined gives 
us confidence that we will have plus the order book that we already 
have for the next six months is much stronger. So that gives us 
confidence that next year will be significantly better. Thank you. 
 
Arun: Yeah, thank you.  And the ₹7 crore this thing, investment in Chennai, 
what could be... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. So Chennai, the investment, the operational lease that we are 
taking is to ensure that we have additional capacity in Chennai. It will 
add about 2.5 million capacity for air conditioners. So we can realise 
roughly about ₹400 crores from that facility. 
 
Arun: So this is per year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Per year, yes. 
 
Arun: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. One last question. For the other products, I 
mean, which we are entering like compressors, etc. Do we already 
have customers, I mean available with us? Or are we pitching it? Like, 
for example, Voltas was our existing for AC. So I mean, is that the 
same customer or we are expanding to multiple? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No. Fortunately, now we have customer tie-ups for all products that 
we are doing. 
 
Arun: Okay. Great. Any names like which could be... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We will refrain from names, but we have good multinational 
customers in all segments. 
 
Arun: Sure, thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Garvit. Garvit, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Garvit: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Coming back on QCO part only, just to 
understand more, you mentioned current QCOs are taken back on core 
metals. So what does that mean? And how we are not going to be 
affected because of this? 
 
Because you mentioned 50% is already booked. So just trying to 
understand earlier we used to speak about we will get the orders 
because the Chinese compressors are getting banned or maybe not 
[[PAGE 13]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
able to match the quality and that is why they will not be, they will 
mandatorily be forced to get out of the country, right? So now how 
you are picturising our capacity to be utilised going ahead with these 
QCOs are taken back? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So a couple of things. One is the compressor market as it stands today 
has two directions for us. One direction is just the assembly part, 
which we are doing now, which is the final leg of manufacturing that 
we are doing for compressors. For doing this, the advantage that we 
can give to the customer or we are giving to the customer is better 
delivery time lines, more just-in-time sort of delivery, point number 
one. Point number two is local support. 
 
So as long as we, with our partners in compressors are able to match 
landed prices of customers when they import vis-a-vis China, we don't 
see a problem for them to buy locally. They have certain advantages. 
They get better payment terms and they get delivery when they need. 
So to that extent, capacity booking, like I mentioned earlier, I don't see 
it being a challenge. 
 
That being said, if the government enforces QCO, we expect a 
vacuum in the market, which will help us probably get better rates in 
the market and will also help us in backward integrating in the 
compressor value chain. So as far as capacity growth is concerned, 
compressor capacity will grow on two factors: one is the assembly 
capacity that we have for the final leg of manufacturing to grow that; 
and second is to backward integrate the component ecosystem for 
compressors. So if the QCO is implemented, we will backward 
integrate very quickly. If the QCO continues to get extended, we will 
first establish the last mile manufacturing capability. We will ensure 
that we have a robust supply chain with our customers. And if the 
customers are satisfied, then we will grow the business, and we will 
invest more in it. 
 
So the compressor QCO, which was extended by one year last year the 
extension is due to lapse in March 2026. Post March, we are 
anticipating some extensions to come, whether it is for a few months, 
whether it is for partial quantities, whether it is for certain models, we 
are not clear. But once we have clarity on that, we will devise our 
further expansion plan. But current capacities, we don't see a problem 
for the next 12 months at least. 
 
[[PAGE 14]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Garvit: Got it. And what kind of margins do we expect there? Like we 
mentioned 50%, we will be getting the revenue, right or ₹200 crores. 
So what kind of EBITDA margin we'll be doing on that? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So EBITDA margins, we are expecting anywhere between 5% and 8% 
as of now, depending on which model and product mix. 
 
Garvit: Got it. And secondly, about the guidance. So are we going to revise 
our guidance for this year and next year as compared to the earlier 
numbers? So if yes, what are those numbers? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: The guidance remains similar. We are expecting about ₹800 crores to 
₹900 crores top line this year. 
 
Garvit: And about next year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Next year, we will share in due course. 
 
Garvit: Perfect. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Garvit: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Akhil. Akhil, you can 
unmute yourself. 
 
Akhil: Yeah. Hi, Sukrit. So actually, my question got answered. I had the 
question on the same lines. So as we see this compressor unit getting, 
so the production of compressor will get onboarded and this 
operational lease getting into play, so a lot of units will get onboarded. 
So I wanted to ask on the same lines, like what will be the guidance, 
as you told, because in the last call, if you remember, we gave a 
guidance for ₹950 crores to ₹1,000 crores top line, right? So what is... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Actually, after Q1, we had said ₹900 crores plus/minus ₹100 crores. 
But yes, so I mean, looking at the loss of growth in the first, I mean, in 
H1, I think ₹800 crores to ₹900 crores would be a more accurate 
number. 
 
Akhil: Okay. Yeah. And the margins, we are looking at 7% to 8% margin? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: EBITDA, we are looking at about 9-ish. 
 
[[PAGE 15]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
Akhil: 9-ish. Okay, fine. And do we have a guidance for next year also, like 
anything for next year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Not yet. 
 
Akhil: Okay. Thanks, Sukrit. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kunal Tokas. Kunal, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Just wanted your guidance on the PAT margin for this year. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: PAT margin, anywhere between 2% and 3%. 
 
Kunal Tokas: For the full year despite making a suboptimal margin in the first half? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: For the full year, yes. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. And can you also give a breakup of CapEx in value terms by 
segment for FY 2026 and FY 2027? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I don't have the exact numbers. But to give you a rough idea, 2026, we 
are looking at a CapEx of about ₹100 crores overall, ₹100 crores to 
maybe ₹110 crores, which is spread across AC and compressor and 
primarily AC compressor and EMS. So 40% AC, 40% compressor 
and about 20% on EMS as far as this year is concerned. Next year, we 
are still finalising our CapEx numbers. Primarily, we are still 
contemplating the exact CapEx amount for the compressor vertical. 
But barring the compressor vertical, I think we are looking at a CapEx 
of about ₹50 crores going in air conditioners and another ₹50 crores 
going in refrigeration is what we are looking at overall next year apart 
from compressors. 
 
Kunal Tokas: And just a clarification in how much would the CapEx be for half one, 
first half? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: About ₹70 crores. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. That you have already spent in the first half? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We have already spent, yes. 
 
[[PAGE 16]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. Thank you very much and have a good day. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Achal. Achal, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Achal: Yeah. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to just 
check your perspective in terms of for the season CY '25 season, right, 
what would be the industry volume? And how much is insource versus 
outsource in your opinion? And how has that changed over last year? 
If you could give some sense on that? And then I'll ask a follow-up. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So I've been may not be the best person to answer this. But I think last 
year, the number was about ₹1.5 Cr totally. This year also the number 
expected is between ₹1.5 Cr and ₹1.6 Cr as the overall segment is 
concerned. As far as insourcing and outsourcing is concerned, my 
estimates would be about ₹0.8 Cr would be insourced and the 
remaining is outsourced is our estimation. 
 
Achal: And has that changed according to you or not really compared to last 
year... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think some capacities are definitely coming online, but effectively, 
capacities coming online will not be much, much higher. So anywhere 
between ₹0.8 Cr to ₹0.9 Cr, I would say, is insourced and the 
remaining is outsourced. 
 
Achal: Are you talking about CY 2026 season? Or you're talking about CY 
2025 versus 2024? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: 2025 versus 2026. 
 
Achal: Okay. So instead of ₹0.8 Cr, it could be ₹0.8 Cr to ₹0.9 Cr for next 
year is what brands would make in-house. Have I understood right? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: It is my assumption, yes. 
 
Achal: Okay. Number two, I wanted to just check in terms of the cost as we 
are in the process of finalising the contracts, etc., what is the extent of 
cost inflation? And if you could break it up in terms of metal cost and 
non-metal cost. 
 
[[PAGE 17]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So major cost inflation has happened because of increase in copper 
prices. Copper prices from an average of $8,000, $8,500 per tonne has 
gone up to now almost $11,000 per ton. Effectively, the impact of 
$1,000 per ton has an impact of ₹500 on our BOM effectively for a 
typical air conditioner. So an increase of $3,000 has an impact of 
almost ₹1,500. There has been some positive impact also, whereas 
sheet metal or whatever steel has or mild steel or steel has not 
increased or they've reduced partially. Some polymers have also 
reduced. So the net impact, I believe is about $1,000 to $1,300 on a 
typical air conditioner. 
 
Achal: So what happens in this case in terms of the pricing, is the entire 
$1,000, $1,300 is getting passed on, the customer is picking up the bill 
or we have to share some part of the pain? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So I mean, it varies from customer-to-customer, of course. Customers 
where we have a quarterly pass-through pricing, there it gets passed 
on because it gets averaged out in their overall purchase. Where we 
are finalising orders for six months or nine months or full season, 
there, of course, we have to bear at least part of it, if not the entire 
amount. 
 
But normally, where we bear the risk, we try to have better margins or 
better I mean, slightly better conversions to hedge that risk also. 
 
Achal: Right. Just a clarification, sorry, if I'm going deeper into it. So the 
average realisation for RAC for a full unit for us would be somewhere 
around ₹17,000 to ₹18,000? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, correct. 
 
Achal: And we make about 9% on that in terms of the EBITDA level margin? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Achal: So that gives ₹1,600 per unit kind of margin. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Achal: And if we have to bear even ₹500 or 50% or 40% of this inflation, our 
margin can take a 25% knock. So when you are looking for the margin 
estimation for FY 2026, what have we budgeted? Have we budgeted a 
flat margin versus Y-o-Y or we have budgeted already some 
correction in the margin given the cost inflation? 
[[PAGE 18]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So AC, we have budgeted some correction in the margin for the 
coming year. But fortunately, the other products are adding, they have 
a slightly better EBITDA, so which is overall, I think we will continue 
to maintain 9% EBITDA. AC may drop by a little bit, but the average 
will still be 9%. And this is a temporary drop again because there was 
a huge volatility in copper. Once it corrects and if copper goes down, 
let's say, then maybe you make it up also. 
 
If you see a blended average across the year, it does not have as strong 
as an impact as you are calculating on paper today because we also 
don't buy raw material at only the peak. We also buy it over a period 
of time. So the average impact normally is not more than, I mean, you 
asked me absolute delta, so I told you absolute delta. But normally, the 
impact will not be more than ₹300 to ₹600 or ₹700 averaged across 
the year. 
 
Achal: Understood. This is super helpful. Thanks for that clarity. I have more 
questions, but I'll fall back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sidharth Jain. Sidharth, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Good evening. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Good evening. 
 
Sidharth Jain: So one thing, what is the peak debt that you'll anticipate to go to in the 
coming year, because we have another ₹100 crores plus of CapEx 
planned for next year, excluding the compressor part. And so what is 
the debt level that we anticipate to see next year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So debt, our basic guideline is that we want to be debt to equity, we 
want to stay below or around one is our guideline as far as debt is 
concerned. If there is a gap, we will look at raising equity, of course. 
But our internal guideline is that we want to be around or less than one 
as far as debt to equity is concerned. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Understood. And right now, our AC composition as a part of our total 
revenue is around 75%. Where do we see that moving in the next 
year? And in that also, how much would be from the primary client? 
And how much do we see that coming from other clients because 
[[PAGE 19]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
we've started discussions and I guess you will start supplying from the 
coming months as well? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So next year, we see about 70-odd percent coming or 65% to 70% odd 
coming from AC again, next financial year. And that is the whole AC 
vertical. Within that, we will have a split against four, five customers. 
So the largest customer probably out of the 100% AC pie would be 
about 50-odd percent. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Understood. Got it. And one just operational thing to Sajid. By when 
can we expect that we start trading on the main board? Any intimation 
from the exchanges or what are the communication that is going on 
with them? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: So we have already started the process. The documentation, etc., is 
being reviewed. We're just trying to see if everything is there. I mean 
we are compliant to every -- because there's been a new guideline that 
has come along in the month of October. So we are also trying to just 
juxtapose our position with that and see. But I think we are on course. 
Let's see if everything is okay, we should be able to make the 
application before the end of this month. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Okay. Application, how long does it generally take after the 
application? 
 
Sajid Shaikh: That's up to the exchanges, but I think anywhere between two and four 
months is our expectation. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Okay. Understood. And also like our current capacity in ACs is 
around 10 lakh units, and we plan to take it up to 18 lakhs, out of 
which 2.5 lakhs will be from the Chennai plant that we've just taken 
on lease, correct? So the balance that we have, where do we plan to 
put it up in Nashik only or some other location? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: In Nashik itself. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Nashik, got it. And one more thing in the compressor side, like if that 
QCO doesn't get extended, then even our assembly because we might 
be importing it from China as well because our partner is a Chinese 
player. So will we be allowed to import the components and assemble 
and then supply because won't that be restricted in these norms? 
 
[[PAGE 20]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, no. So these norms don't restrict components. And there was some 
ambiguity around that, but that has also been clarified by the 
government. So there is no issue on the components. 
 
Sidharth Jain: Got it. Thank you. That's it from my side. Thanks. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from Nishita. Nishita, you can go ahead. 
We'll take the next question from Shreyansh Jain. Shreyansh, you can 
unmute and go ahead. 
 
Sajid Shaikh: Everyone could do just one, one question now because we've got a 
long list and reduce the timing. Thank you. 
 
Shreyansh Jain: The first question, we have already commenced our deep freezer 
facility. How has it ramped up in two quarters? And what could be our 
capacity utilisation for first half? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: First half, of course, is off-season for freezers also in general because 
the seasonality is similar to what is there in AC. So our capacity 
utilisation in the first half was only about 35%, 40%. And in the 
second half, we are looking at a capacity, I mean, we will hit full 
utilisation at peak in Q4. 
 
Shreyansh Jain: Okay. So what is our peak capacity utilisation for deep freezers? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So we can make about 11,000 to 12,000 freezers per month. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. Perfect. And on the ODM part, are we in talk with any 
customers on the ODM? And how much margins improvement do we 
see in ODM? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: This year, I don't see too much. But over time, I expect, I mean, we 
hope to at least get a 2% to 3% overall improvement in margin with 
ODM becoming more and more of our portfolio. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. Perfect. And one last question, in RAC segment, have we added 
client or we are only in talks? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We have already added. 
 
Shreyans Jain: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
 
[[PAGE 21]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Hitendra Pradhan. 
Hitendra, you can go ahead. 
 
Hitendra Pradhan: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My question is what was our like 
revenues against for H1? Because I was a bit surprised with the 
margin uptick this quarter. So can you give us the breakdown of 
different categories? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think we discussed this, about 50% came from air conditioners in 
H1. 15% to 20% has come from commercial refrigeration and the 
remaining has come from components -- sorry, EMS is another 15% 
and remaining has come from components. Because AC is a lower 
share, EBITDA margin is higher because most of the other businesses 
have better EBITDA margins. 
 
Hitendra Pradhan: Right. And previously, just a while back you mentioned that the AC 
EBITDA margins are around 9% but as per the previous calls, the 
understanding was that it is 6% to 8% depending on the indoor and 
outdoor, so 6% to 8% is there? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So 6% to 8%, you're right. I said overall EBITDA margin this year, 
we are expecting about 9%. 
 
Hitendra Pradhan: Correct. But the AC EBITDA margins are 6% to 8% depending on 
the... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Hitendra Pradhan: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from Harshal Parekh. Harshil, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Harshal Parekh: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. I had a question. Can you elaborate 
like what are the primary factors which is contributing to the degrowth 
in the sales? I mean, specifically, what is the biggest headwind you are 
facing? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean the only headwind is AC sales. I mean there is no other 
headwind. Other segments are, of course, all growing. We are growing 
in refrigeration. We are growing in -- I mean, compressor, of course is 
[[PAGE 22]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
new, but we've started sales there. EMS is growing. So the only 
headwind of course, is in AC sales. 
 
Harshal Parekh: Okay, okay. And can you provide the segment-wise or geographic 
breakdown of the degrowth? I'm trying to understand where the 
pressure is the most. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Pressure how -- I mean, sorry, I don't understand the question 
properly. 
 
Harshal Parekh: Can you give me a segment-wise detail about the geographic 
breakdown also of the degrowth? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We honestly don't get a geographical or we don't have a geographical 
breakdown of where our customers are selling the product. So we may 
not be able -- I mean, I don't have an accurate picture of that. 
 
Harshal Parekh: Okay, no worries. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Pawan. Pawan, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Pawan: In Arihant conference, you indicated a target of ₹2,000 crores in FY 
2027. Is that target still intact? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We hope so, but we'll confirm maybe Q4 about our guidance for next 
year. 
 
Pawan: Okay. Do you see any opportunities in HVAC side like heat 
exchangers? And are you planning in that zone? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Opportunity means we are, of course, expanding capacities. And we 
do supply some components, but of course, not a major chunk. If there 
is any gap, we are happy to serve customers. But that is not really a 
core area that we are looking at a lot of growth coming from 
specifically for us. 
 
Pawan: Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kwoshi Krishna. You 
can go ahead. 
 
Kwoshi Krishna: Are we in line with the competition or are we lagging behind in terms 
of order or margin or anything? Do we have any comment on that? 
[[PAGE 23]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I hope we are at par, but no comments. 
 
Kwoshi Krishna: Okay, you have talked about the debt. Are you planning to deduct the 
debt reduction -- planning for debt reduction? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Not in the immediate future, no. 
 
Kwoshi Krishna: Okay, one last thing. What is your long-term aspiration for the 
company, for big picture, maybe in five years or 10 years or anything 
and thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: See, I strongly believe in the manufacturing potential of the products 
or segments we are part of. And I also truly believe that as a country, 
we need to have strong manufacturing companies which can make 
things locally and make them well. Of course, export aspirations and 
all of that, that is definitely there. But India by itself is a massive 
opportunity. And we want to be part of the journey of Made in India 
or Make for India or however you slogan it. But we believe in that 
mission, and I think there is a tremendous potential. 
 
So if you see the segments also that we are getting into, either there is 
a vacuum in those segments or there is a massive growth and 
anticipation in those segments. So we are clear we want to be core to 
manufacturing. We want to be clear that we expand our manufacturing 
capabilities, both in terms of volume and in terms of variety, and we 
want to continue doing that. Thank you. 
 
Kwoshi Krishna: Okay, thank you. One last thing. Are you planning to launch any high-
margin products in near future? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: High margin, yes, we have. Of course, in our product mix, there are 
products with better margins. But the challenge with the high-margin 
product is the value is lower. As of now, we have not been able to 
crack that ideal product where margin is also high, volume is also high 
and growth is also high. So that is still something that we want to 
figure out. 
 
But yes, in our entire product portfolio, there are new product 
segments which are better in margin that we are creating. There are 
certain niche variants of commercial refrigeration. There are some 
higher variants of air conditioners that we are working on. There are 
certain EMS products which give us better margins or lighting 
products that give us better margins. 
[[PAGE 24]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
 
So there are products which gives you a very good margin. But of 
course, the value or percentage of these products is lower. And hence, 
it does not stand or show so explicitly in the P&L or balance sheet, but 
we will continue working towards that. Thank you. 
 
Kwoshi Krishna: Thanks for the timely updates. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from Nitya Shah. Nithya, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Nitya Shah: Yeah, I just wanted to ask about the customer concentration. You 
mentioned you've got some new customers in the AC segment. So say, 
in FY 2027, what percentage of revenue will you get from Voltas 
versus now what would be the difference? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Now, of course, it's close to 100%. Next year, we anticipate 
somewhere between 40% and 60%. 
 
Nitya Shah: Okay. So the size of the orders is very large from the new customers, 
right? Is my understanding right? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes. I mean a decent size volume, yes. 
 
Nitya Shah: Okay, that is all from my side. All the best. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take a follow-up question from Siddhant. Siddhant, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Siddhant: Yeah, you mentioned that FY 2026, we are looking at ₹800 crores to 
₹900 crores of revenue top line. Could you provide us with the 
segmental breakup of this? Is washing machine and compressor 
contributing this year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Compressor, there will be some contribution. I think about ₹30 crores 
odd will come from compressors out of the entire top line. About ₹150 
crores to ₹200 crores will be from EMS. About ₹100 crores, close to 
₹100 crores will be from refrigeration and the remaining will be from 
air conditioners. Washing machine, we are not expecting a large 
number in this year. 
 
Siddhant: And this ₹100 crores includes the water dispenser as well? 
[[PAGE 25]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Water dispensers as well, yes. 
 
Siddhant: Right, And my last question, you mentioned that in-sourcing, 
outsourcing is ₹0.8 Cr. What will be the installed capacity on this, 
both for in-sourcing and outsourcing? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Again, I may not have the most accurate numbers, but I think in-
sourcing capacities will be close to 20% or 30% higher in terms of 
what is getting manufactured. So in-sourcing capacities are more or 
less, I would say occupied. The outsourcing capacities for the 
remaining ₹70-odd lakhs, the outsourcing against that, I believe, 
would be anywhere between ₹0.80 lakhs to ₹1 crores. But again, the 
actual utilisable capacity and all of that is still a question, but that 
would be the estimate that I would have. 
 
Siddharth: Basically, the industry size will be ₹2 crores between both in-
sourcing, outsourcing? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Slightly less than ₹2 crores but yes, close to it. 
 
Siddharth: Right. And what will be the peak utilisation for plant because 
summers are 100%, but overall, for the full year, it will be close to... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So AC, looking at the current extreme trends, which I think will 
become less extreme in the next two, three years, looking at the 
overall trends in e-commerce or whether it is even in retail and with 
the growing purchasing capability of people with the reduction of 
GST. So we see that -- I mean we are hopeful that the peaks will not 
be as strong in the next two, three years. 
 
That being said, during the peak season, we hit full capacity 
utilisation. Almost everybody, I think across the industry hits peak 
utilisation. The challenge that we see with the strong peaks is that 
capacity utilisation crossing 70%, 75% or 65%, 70%, let's say, 70% is 
difficult because off-seasons go as low as 20%, 30% or 10% for a 
couple of months. 
 
And then you see a peak of 100%. But once the seasonality reduces, 
then this 65%, 70% can become 75%, 80%, which is a very good 
capacity utilisation for a product like air conditioner definitely. 
 
Siddhant: Just a basic question, storing is out of the question for ACs like in the 
non-peak? 
[[PAGE 26]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, people do store, but you can only store so much. I mean with the 
market size increasing so much, I mean, you can store a few hundred 
thousand pieces depending on the strength, financial muscle that you 
have. But you can't store beyond that. I mean even large corporates 
have a limitation in how much they want to put in inventory. That is 
point number one. 
 
Point number two, now with the growing numbers and local available 
capacity, nobody wants to also stock. It is more convenient to buy 
when you really need it. So if capacity is available on tap, nobody will 
want to stock because that directly or indirectly adds to your cost. 
 
Siddharth: Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take another follow-up question from Arun. Arun, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Arun: Hi, out of the current product line or the upcoming product lines, 
which is the products where we see the biggest opportunity of, let's 
say, China Plus One or any India being the second part where India is 
not producing much and the biggest opportunity is coming. So like 
what would be those -- can you share a couple of examples or any 
such things? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So in our current segments, I think I would say compressor is a blue 
ocean scenario for us as of now because in India, out of the 22-odd 
million compressors, this I'm talking about only refrigeration 
compressors that we are getting into. So out of the 22 million 
refrigeration compressors that are consumed every year, which is 
growing at 6% to 8% CAGR, the market, about 14 million to 15 
million are imported. 
 
And out of the 7 billion, 8 million that are manufactured are majorly 
manufactured by Korean brands and also by one Indian multinational. 
So these are the three primary players in that segment. Apart from 
that, the 14 million to 15 million gap exists today in the market. So we 
believe that if the government policy supports, that can be a very 
explosive growth segment for us in the next couple of years. 
 
Arun: Thanks a lot, thank you. 
 
[[PAGE 27]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: We'll take another follow-up question from Hitendra. Hitendra, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Hitendra: Sorry, I have no further questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take another follow-up question from Garvit. Garvit, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Garvit: Thanks for the follow-up. Just wanted to ask in FY 2027, what can be 
the mix profile? I'm not asking for the guidance, but just wanted to 
understand like which segment likely to contribute what percentage of 
revenue? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think I mentioned this also, about 65% should come from AC next 
year consolidated, 65% to 70%, let's say, about I think 15% will 
continue to be refrigeration, 15%, maybe 20% and similar percentage 
for EMS also. Compressor maybe about 10-odd percent next year. 
 
Garvit: Where are the dispensers and also? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Dispensers are part of the refrigeration category. 
 
Garvit: Thank you very much. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to the shortage of time, we'll now take the last 
question from Pawan. Pawan, you can go ahead. 
 
Pawan: No, I do not have any questions. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Next question is from Kunal. Kunal, you can go ahead. 
 
Kunal: Okay. Just two quick questions. First, what is your PLI benefit you 
expect for this year? And what was it in half one? And in EMS, what 
are the major products? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. So PLI benefit this year is expected around ₹20 crores for the 
company. That is one. Second is EMS, of course, lighting is one major 
category for us. Then we are doing some controllers for appliances, 
[[PAGE 28]]
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
whether it is air conditioners or we are also doing some controllers for 
BLDC fans. 
 
We are also doing some control boards for EV charging boxes. So I 
mean, EMS as a facility, of course, can do a wide variety of products. 
But these are the major products that we are currently operating it. So 
controllers for appliances, lighting and other smaller EMS products 
like EV chargers and others is what we are doing. 
 
Kunal: Lighting and controllers will be what percentage of the EMS 
business? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Lighting and controllers about 80% together. 
 
Kunal: 80%. And what is the PLI benefit received at the end of the year or... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So we accrue it at the end of the year, and it is received in Q1 
normally, Q1 or Q2. 
 
Kunal: Okay. Thank you very much for being patience. And have a good year 
end. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. I would request management to give any closing 
comments. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I appreciate and thank you all for taking the time in the evening and 
joining our call. We look forward to a good FY overall and a strong 
order book. And thank you so much again for being here. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you to the management and all the participants. 
This brings us to the end of the call. Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
