Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Park Med World Limited earnings conference call for Q1 FY27. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenonly mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Miss Saloni Nagar from Ad Factors PR. Thank you and over to you ma'am. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to Park Medival Limited earnings conference call for Q1 FI27. From the management team we have with us Dr. Ankit Gupta, managing director, Dr. Sanjay Sharma, full-time director and chief executive officer. Mr. Rajes Sharma, group chief financial officer and Mr. Suresh Sharma, Chief Strategy Officer and OSD Finance. We will begin with opening remarks from the management following which we will open the floor for Q&A session. Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made on the today's call may be forward-looking in nature and detailed disclaimer to that effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier which is now available on our website and on stock exchanges. I would now like to invite Dr. Ankrit Gupta, managing director Park Med to begin with his opening remarks. Over to you, sir.
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for Park Medal quarter 1 financial year 27 earnings call. On behalf of the board and management team, I would thank you for your continued interest and support as we further build on what was in the form of financial year 26 the strongest year in our company's history FYI 27 has been a quarter of consolidation growth and continuous execution our focus this quarter has been on ramping up our newer assets Agra and Panchpula while advancing the next leg of our growth pipeline across Utrahand NCR and Punjab on 25th May we announced a definitive agreement to acquire 100% shareholding in the Medic city hospital Rharraur Uttarakhand in an allcash transaction valued at approximately 177 crores making marking our entry into six state. Medic city is a 331 NH accredited multi super speciality hospital in Kumau region. I am pleased to report that the facility was commissioned this past year 22nd August 2026. On 30th June we announced a 100 bed extension at our Palomar facility in Gorga under the name park platinum. which will take our consolidated bong capacity to 750 beds. Our 200 bed hospital in Narila acquired through insolven process is also on track for commissioning and yesterday on 3rd August 26 we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Mahair hospital a 150 bed multi super speciality hospital in Zakur serving the wider Tri city catchment at a valuation of approximately 107 kles all three of these additions 450 beds in total are scheduled to commission in November and December 26. Our total bed capacity stood at 3960 bed as of 30th June up 32% yearon year. Taken together or capacity addition during calendar year 26 will be total 1490 beds. An increase of 46% overall calendar year 25 capacity of 3250 beds. We expect to end financial year 27 with 4740 beds with another,000 beds will be added in financial year 28. We will be add 5740 bed capacity by financial year 28 funded largely through internal acrals and IP proceeds without recourse to our fresh debs. Our board approved the result for the quarter ended 30th June at its meeting yesterday. We reported revenue from operations of 476 cron-ear growth of 19%. Aida excluding other income stood at 196 126 crores or yearon-year growth of 20% with margin of 26. 5%. At PAT came in at an INR of 89 crores yearon-year growth of 35% with a margin of 18.6%. All our official metrics including ARPO, ALS, ARP and total patient volume have also showed impressive performances. Now with that I would like to hand over to Dr. Chandi Sharma to take you through our operation performance in detail. Thank you.
Thank you Dr. Ankit and good morning everyone. Let me walk where you are. Let let me walk you through our operating matrices for Q1 FI27. IPD volumes of water stood at 26,34 patients, a growth of 16% year on year while OPD volume came in 2 lakh 23,446 patients up by 17% year on year. Our call for the quarter was 30,444 compared to 27,2 221 in Q1 FI26, an increase of 12% yearonear, while ALOSS improved 8% to 5.9 days from 6.4 days a year ago. On a case mix, our shift towards high-end tertiary and portary care continued with high-end specialtities contributing approximately 62% of the revenue, which is an increase of 440 basis points. year on year. Our transplant, interventional cardiology, and robot assisted joint replacement programs all continue to scale during the quarter, reflecting the increasing clinical depth of our network. Network occupancy for the quarter stood at 56% compared to 68% in Cuban FI26. This reflects the step up in capacity over the past 12 months. We have added 960 beds across Batilda 250, Agra 360 and Pachula 350 which enter the denominator immediately while ramping up several quarters. We expect full year FI27 occupancy to moderate from the FI26 figures of 64%. Largely on account of the addition of significant new capacity of 1,490 beds in calendar year 2026. Our Agra facility commissioned in February 2026 and our Punchpula facility commissioned in April 2026 are both ramping up in line with expectations on the CGHS rate revision. While we had guided conservatively to a 7 to 7.5% benefit flowing into FI27, we continue to expect the fuller impact to be visible from Q2 of the financial year as the revised rates calculates. through a light central government agencies on quality. All our operational hospitals continue to be NABHA accredited and a recently commissioned punchula facility is progressing through its NAB accreditition process. Currently we have now nine hospitals with NAB accredited labs up from eight earlier. We are planning to have four additional hospitals obtain NAB accredititation. in the current financial year. With that I will now hand over to Mr. Sharma our year to take you through the
Thank you Dr. Sanjay. Good morning everyone. Q1 FI27 revenue from operation stood at 476 crores up 19% year on year driven by steady patient volume and continued ramp up at our newer and recently acquired hospitals operating Beta excluding other income stood at rupees 126 crores with a margin of 26.5% and improvement against 26.3% in Q1 FI26 PA for the quarter was 89 crores with a PAT margin of 18.6% and expansion of 220 basis point year on year pat margin expansion was largely on account of reduction in interest outgo following the substantial repayment of term debt over the past year on the balance sheet our term that excluding these liabilities stood at 25.6 crores as of 30th June 20126 as against 28.2 crores as of 31st March 2026. Our fixed deposit stood at INR 300 crores and the net worth at rupes 2,100 crores. On receivable we continue to expect data days to trend towards our medium-term target of 125 to 130 days. and government claim processing efficiency improves. Our pay max for the quarter stood at approximately uh 77% from government insurance scheme and 23% from self-pay and private insurance and TPA. Continuing the graduation we have guided towards 7030 split over the next 12 to 18 months. Capex and acquisition spend through the quarter was directed largely towards the Rudraur acquisition ongoing Narella commissioning cost and equipment. upgrade across the network. The capex per bed is remain at 37 lakhs per bed which is continued to be the lowest in the listed healthcare peers. We remain fully funded for our stated uh growth plan to reach 5740 bet by March 2028 through internal occurrence and IPO proceed with this with recourse of any material such debt. With the uh with that we conclude our uh that opening remarks. Thank you for your time and continue. confidence in park medival. We would now be happy to take in questions. Thank you very much.
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question assembles. Participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The first question comes from the line of Anul Agraal with MK Global Financial Services. Please go ahead.
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Uh first question I had uh was on our revenue growth out of the current year. I understand we have added uh not many bets uh in the last year. So would you be able to guide us in terms of what would be the revenue growth projections for the current year on the back of this AROB improvement as well as uh improving occupancies.
Yeah, this is you know Rajes Sharma you know as far as our numbers for The expected numbers for FYI 27 in terms of the revenue. So we are expecting a top line of 2080 crores. This is 280 crores and with a VA of 530 crores and a P of 360 crores. So what we are expecting a growth in terms of uh compared to last year revenue growth is 24%. And AITA growth will be 25% and the fat growth staggering at 32%.
Got it. Uh uh growth will pass our revenue growth. Uh I would presume there would be certain aida losses at least for the units that we commission like Panchula uh the green field commissioning that we do. Uh could you help us understand uh the trajectory of aida losses at these green field unit? No here you know that what we have to understand as far as our revenue growth and EIA growth is more or less similar and you know yes you you rightly said we started punch We started you know uh Agra this year and we are expecting we are not expecting any loss in these unit because ultimately this will give us a revenue of 7 8 months or 9 months and it will be a bit positive at least a bit positive in the current year. Decide like our moal is doing extremely well because from when we started way back in May 2023 we started with a top line of in April when we acquired the revenue was only 52 lakhs now we're doing 23 crores so whatever you know But because here uh we initial first year we had a bit of 12 13% that grown to 18 19% this year we are all set to touch 26%. So any aita you know uh as I said because there will be no AITA loss but we are not expecting you know in the year 1 20 25% sold as a we start with 10 to 12% but that will get through moali and other unit which is doing extremely well. So we where we remain uh uh study on the beta margin of 26 to 27% the current year also.
Correct sir. Uh sorry to hop on this but the 25% growth guidance from the top line would it be possible for you to split this in terms of ARP and occupancies? Uh I understand that you know our occupancies would lag because of uh because of higher bed. Uh but some sense on the volume growth that we could sort of deliver in mature hospitals uh or the newer hospitals would be really useful. Now here because you know as far as ML hospitals are concerned there also we are growing with the study pace of 18 to 20%. Let's say if you talk about our if you talk about our you know Mali is already you know 3 years now but we are doing with a decent pace and Ambala also doing a good you know contribution. So we we we we can't see any challenge in terms of achieving the numbers. So rather you know we are expecting that we will overachieve these numbers but just for a guidance purpose we want to remain on these numbers. Uh I'm sure broadly speaking uh uh our guidance for arc of growth is in a 10 to 12% band uh in the uh current set of numbers also you will have noticed the growth is 12% to 11.9% almost 12% uh going forward the trending in our will continue to fi 27 broadly splitting the hospitals in terms of occupancy into two brackets some 60% and over 60% we expect hospitals and business around 50% occupancy will be at uh 30 31% AIA and uh plus 50% will be at uh 15 to 20%. So in that time so blended we are expecting the AITA of 26.5 to 27% will hold for complete financial area by uh secondly uh if you could just provide up on our strategy and ramping up these new facilities that we sort of acquired and I understand Virpur is part of our Punjab prior city cluster. Uh but how do we ramp up the Rhjarapur considering the fact that you know it's it's in a new state uh and any color on that asset would be very useful.
Yeah, Rodur currently also when we took it over and uh it was actually uh generating a revenue of about uh 55 56 crores annually and uh it was operating 200 PS. We have made all 330 beds functional and uh in the first year we uh feel that uh we'll be able to generate 100 K of revenue. We have added all super specialtities and high-end tertiary and cordonary care. So that will make us achieve 100 KS target very easily within a bit of about 20 22 KES and a pack of about uh 12 13 K. Next year we feel that uh we'll ramp it up to about 140 K. and the beta will be around 35 36 crores and that should be around 21 22 crores. So uh Ruptur has been uh uh requiring a facility which has uh uh should have all the highend tertiary and quarterly care which we have provided sir. So all the top end treatments are taking place there. With regard to we already feel that the tri city uh that is Chandigar, Mujali and Panchula are the uh ones for patients from uh north India largely uh Jammu and Kashmir, Himaral Pradesh uh upper uh Uttar Pradesh and Hili areas coming to Delhi via Chandi tri city area. So there we are already ramping up our bed capacity. Uh we will be the largest healthcare provider with 350 bed in Punchpula and 150 uh bed being added in Mhali to 300 bed. We'll be 800 bed there and Zapur is just adjacent on the periphery of the tri city. So 150 beds will take it to 950 beds and that will drain a lot of the area in the surrounding of the tri city. And there we feel that in the first year of operations we intend commencing by November 2026 and first year of operations we feel that we should be able to generate a revenue of about roughly FI28 705 crores with an AIA of about 2526 person. So that should be uh the criteria.
Great sir. Uh both these facilities will be uh in line with our uh strategy of affordable healthcare and would would uh service uh say 70 30 uh stream and uh cash flip cash.
Yes definitely we will never be uh in past 21 years we have been continuing with our vision of providing high quality multi special at an affordable relatively affordable rates to masses and that uh vision will continue throughout in our progress and uh in our expansion also there will be no changes.
Great. So all the well no questions I'll call back in the queue. Thank you.
Thank you.
A reminder to all participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question comes from the line of Akshai Takur with Helios Capital. Please go ahead.
Hi sir. Uh good morning and uh thanks for taking my question. So what would be the uh what would the breakup between in the oncology? What would be the breakup between uh the uh the surgical oncology and the other one? Can you please uh highlight that if possible?
Uh see uh generally we We do not uh go by breaking up the various uh departments into the surgical and medical field. But if I broadly say specialtity wise what I'm looking at is that uh oncology will be uh contributing about 9 to 10%. total revenue.
Okay. And uh just to follow up on the previous question ala and the other uh participant uh So um in terms of investments like incremental investments post acquisition for Agra and Rudraur uh to convert those into cottonary uh care uh what investments were done and can you quantify in terms of uh uh as compared to the other previous uh acquisitions done and what incremental investments were done as far as this is concerned They were already running a super speciality multi super speciality hospital. So there is not much investment we have done. So the total capex we have done is 245 crores. That was the acquisition cost and also we invested only 7.5 crores on the equipment and storm upgradation. So there is no material capex we have done on on on the agra and the same thing that we are expecting in rudapur. We already as I said because we already started from 2nd of we are expecting caps close to uh close to 12 crores on on Rhdur because you know that they already have all the equipment in place. The hospital is not quite old. So they have more or less new equipment. So that we don't need to require make you know make more invested on the equipment. So they have a decent equipment. Yes, some equipment has to be replaced and some equipment has to be addition to be added but we are expecting not more than 10 to 12 crition capex on ruptur. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. That will be all for my side. Thank you.
The next question comes from the line of Kashish Takur with Lara Capital. Please go ahead.
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. Uh sir, just one question sir. Uh does uh the impact of the CGHS rate hike? Uh it has been flowing flowing down in our numbers. Is uh yes then since when it has started if then from when we can expect the same?
Uh thank you Kashish. Yes. CJ rate vision has started showing uh in partially in the Q1 results and going forward in QT uh Q2 Q3 and Q4 we'll have the full impact coming up. So there are some allied government agencies where the entire uh the entire impact has yet to percolate but by Q2 Q3 we should have the entire uh impact coming in.
Understood. So one of few of our peers has been facing an impact of uh in the encore segment uh because of uh uh this uh revision. So are we also facing the same heat from this game?
Uh no in fact we have not been facing any heat in this area. In fact we've been approached by a lot of panel uh partners that uh this has to be provided for and we have a large uh vendor uh supply chain where we have an excellent relation and we have been able to negotiate good rates and uh that is why the enco is contributing about 9 9 to 10% in our total lab so there should be no impact on that
understood sir thank you so much
thank you the next question comes from the line of saga with alchemy ventures please go ahead
hi sir morning can you also quantify how much Will we how much will flow through in the AITA terms with respect to the CGHS rate hikes from Q2 onwards? See uh the CGHS uh rate hike was uh very handsome about 12 to 15% which uh was uh uh done in October 2025. But we feel that uh since 70% of our uh patients are uh by CGHS so the impact uh should be somewhere around 7 to 7.5%. But it will not directly translate into I beta because uh uh this opportunity of rate revision we'll also be utilizing in upgrading our equipment and uh capexic spending in uh with regard to the uh maintenance and uh uh better uh facilities in the hospitals. So yes definitely it'll have an impact on the ARP per se but not directly uh major impact on the fact or
would it be possible for us to quantify quarterly basis?
Yeah, as I as I mentioned to you the full impact will be 7 to 7 and 1/2% uh in total but that uh uh additional uh benefit which we'll be getting we'll be utilizing it for high-end equipments and uh ramping up our facilities with regard to repair maintenance basically largely to be utilized in K spending.
Got it. So largely not a significant chunk will flow through to the AITA with respect uh due to the ongoing capex program or upgradation program. Is my understanding correct?
Yeah. But besides that what I would like to say we' still be able to maintain the ITA between the range of 26 to uh 27% and part between uh 70 to 18.
Got it. Got it. Thank you.
The next question of Nalisha with Asha investment managers. Please go ahead.
I just have a couple of directional questions. So first one is um that the network has generated attractive returns on the invested capital right and as the base expands very rapidly. Should we expect that the incremental economics of each new bid will remain similar or does the law of diminishing returns begin to set in beyond a certain scale? Uh Nali your question is not very uh clear as uh also I think we hear some noise in the background. It was not entirely audible. If you can just uh restate it.
Yeah I'm saying that um we had we have had very good returns on the invested capital but now since the base is expanding uh do we expect that the incremental economics will change? from here on because the base is expanding so diminishing returns will come in uh because of the scale.
Uh no malari I think uh uh first of all uh other than the strong set of numbers we have presented uh uh uh you will have noticed that we have expanded significantly. Our expansion has been very methodical. Uh either we have tried to uh uh you know position ourselves in new location where we have a sizable asset in a high potential market like Rudraur or we have expanded our cluster formation expansion by resorting to higher level of densification. We believe that densification gives a very very durable competitive advantage in this business. So this expansion plan we believe will ensure the numbers being generated from the new new acquired assets after the transition period. When we deploy new capital there is a transition period which will generate the return. We believe that we will have our return on capital uh uh on uh very attractive side right now also we are at around 18% which is I believe uh one of the best and the largest hospital sector that we have. We believe that there might be an increase of uh 150 200 basis coming from this in the next 12 to 18 months time.
Okay, that is great. And uh second one um since uh we are expanding into Rudra even Zerapur in integration of Agra and Batenda. So just wanted to understand at at what point do you feel that management bandwidth uh could become a bottleneck? Um so basically internally how many acquisitions can the organization integrate without um uh feeling heavy on the execution?
Uh uh fantastic uh Nali this is an excellent question. This gives us an opportunity to explain our uh high-end operational efficiency. Because what we have been doing is this since we are in a constant mode of expansion. The top line second line of topline management is already being trained continuouslying hospitals to understand our protocols our regulations our uh SOPs our uh high operational efficiency. So they are already in line and they are aware that as and when a new facility comes up the transition will be very smooth and uh it'll be Exact replication of our vision, our uh uh thought process and that will be replicated in the new ventures also. Same has been happening with regard to the Rutraur, Agra, Pashpula. All the top management has already been trained for about 6 8 months in our uh uh current existing running uh institutes and they have just transpositioned the entire format in the new setup and this process is a continuous process. process which will keep on happening for any new acquisitions or any green field projects in the future also.
Okay, that is helpful. Thank you.
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shoubam Par with Chhattisgra Investments. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi, good morning. Am I audible?
Yes, Shouba. Yeah. Um, so firstly on uh our guidance on bed additions. I think last quarter we were uh hoping that we would add uh our total bed capacity by the end of SI27 would be around um 5,040 but in the recent press release we have said that uh it should it would it will be around 4,740. So the difference of 300 beds I think is coming from Kpur acquisition. So is there any update on that like is it Is that plan being cancelled or
uh no our uh communication on expansion plan which was conservative has been also consistent uh in the past. Uh the little uh difference that uh you have cited is on account of some new additions uh in our expansion plans uh uh that we have made recently in Q1 FI27 on account of uh Panchpula C50 capacity condition our capacity operating that capacity was at 3960. Uh in Q2 of FI27 uh end of H1 uh on account of uh Rubik facility which got commissioned this Sunday on the 2nd of August we will be at 4290 and in the Q3 FI27 uh October to December period. Uh we will commission 450 additional bets out of which uh 250 is actually a new which was not a part of our new communication. Uh this includes 100 beds that we have uh added to our Palangihar infrastructure and 150 beds uh 04. Uh so adding 450 to Q2 bed with capacity of 4290 we will be at 4740 at the end of FI27 and our,000 bed uh addition in FI28. So that uh remains intact. So 1,000 added to FI27 operating bed capacity of 4740 we should therefore be at 6740 by end of FI28. These are the these are identified as it uh it is likely of course as we go along uh in this very exciting phase of industrial analyst uh more opportunities for expansion by Kjura. So this is what we have laid out identified visible clearcut alopic. So this is what we have uh right now with us. Okay. Okay. Got it. And also on our acquisition strategy, I think uh the UTRA fund acquisition was around 55 54 uh lakh per capex and our recent acquisition uh is is around I think 70 uh lakh per capex and considering going forward majority of our uh capex is going to go towards acquisitions. Do we expect any uh you know increase in payback period payback periods from these acquisitions
uh because historically our capeex per bed is around 34 lakh so so yeah
there's a significant increase in our capex per bed
no concern
what we see we see on a blended basis rightly said because ropour the total capex that we plan to do is the total acquisition cost is 177 cr little on the high side but in the meantime let's say if we talk about pal Palam the total capex the extension that we are doing in Palm V are the total capex will be 25 crores to 100 bed where the capex will be capex per bed will be 25 lakhs and I'll give you the numbers that we projected for next 2 years uh the capex we plan to do uh the ongoing household that we have in hand that is 767 crores uh that will give us 2130 bed in 2 years let's say I'm talking about fi 27 and fi 28 where capex will remain at 36 lakhs per So we have to see in blended the blended capex per bed will remain at 36 lakhs
how much capex will you say
the total capex I'm including fi27 including rodur we have done you know pensula we have done fi27 fi28 the total capex we have uh we plan is 767 crores and that will give us 2130 so that means the capex per will remain at 36 lakhs for new facility that already added or about to add by March 28th.
Okay. Got it. And this includes uh KEX via acquisitions as well, right?
Absolutely. Yes.
Okay. Got it. Uh one one last thing on our uh promoter equity. I think we are mandated to bring it down to 75% as per listing mandate. So any timeline you can share and how are we planning to bring it down as well? uh too early to comment on that. Uh uh Sumit uh uh you are right. We have a 3-year uh regulatory uh timeline which lapse phase in December 2028. So we have time on hand. Uh we have barely completed uh 10 months 9 months since we got listed on the 17th of December. Uh so we have that uh le uh uh you know very interesting that combined with our leveraging ability reserves we have a strong cash flows that we're generating and the minimum uh approximately 8% equity that we have to divest by December 2028. That's a significant uh access to capital that we enjoy. So we are evaluating now opportunities as a part of our growth agenda. So if uh uh we should acquire we should come close to acquiring an interesting asset and we will have a clarity on the deployment of funds that would be the right time for us to uh think on the lines of uh raising this equity capital. Uh so I cannot specify exact timeline right now. Uh but uh we will continue sharing our thoughts on this as we go along. That's it. Thank you. Thank you and good luck for our future members.
The next question comes from the line of Sumit Gupta with Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead.
Hey. Hi, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Uh sir, I have three questions. questioned on the uh case mix. So your overall case mix has uh improved. So if I can see your pongo mix has improved by around 440 reps to around 62%. So just want to ask what is the plan uh like do we plan to increase bongo mix over the like what is the target for improving congo miss over the next two to three years and within that what would be the share of enco?
Uh thank you for the question. Uh what I would like to say This is this is an organic growth which is happening as uh the product mix shift is taking towards uh the high-end super specialtity tertiary and cautionary care especially in our uh mature hospitals and uh the uh last year on Q1 basis we were uh the high-end super specialtity was about 57% which has grown now to about 62%. And if you uh would uh like to see the share uh the percentage distribution as I mentioned before oncology was about 9 to 10%. And uh cardiology is about uh 12%. Uh joint replacement plays about uh 9.5% in this. So the contribution neurology has about uh 14 12%. Urology has about 11% gastroentertology has about 7%. So these are the various percentage uh sharing within the revenue. But as We move forward uh more minimal invasive robotics, lasers and other high-end products and transplant programs and we enter into uh all units with uh the major uh high-end uh these product mix definitely the product mix will go towards uh shift will be towards higher super specialtity and tertiary uh care.
So are we targeting any any percentage like what would be the uh like over the next 5 years or 6 years down the line what are you targeting in terms of combo mix it will be very difficult to actually project or predict any uh percentage mixed in this manner it's an organic growth as in when the requirement comes in see like uh uh places where we feel a certain vertical requires a stronger support that vertical we uh in fact add up with highend tertiary care let's say like in amb We are adding uh uh 200 beds largely for enco dedicated facilities with uh the best of uh worldclass radiation uh surgical and enco facility. We already have enco facilities but it's a support system. Robotics we added in Gura and in Mujali where the requirement is joint replacement we have been doing all across units. Robot assisted uh transplant program we have uh been doing in our five units which will be increased into and uh we are adding uh certain radiation like lac and all that in patenta and other places also we looking at rupur also so as in and when the requirement comes in the uh top up of the uh tertiary and cordonary care will be done we have all super specialtities but uh additional topping up is required as and when the requirement comes up so to predict what percentage uh we will arrive at at a target kind of a thing it's very difficult to say but we have been going steadily understood sir. Understood and sir with respect to the Hello.
Yes. Go ahead. Summit.
Hello. Yeah. So with respect to that recently acquired facilities let's say in Rudapur or Zapur. So what is the uh approximate case in like in uh like in these facilities and so just want to ask your strategic point of view like whenever you acquire a facility uh like is there any uh like uh do you look for Like what do you look for in terms of casemas or fairness and you acquire a facility also? See uh firstly when we acquire a facility it should align with our vision. Uh vision is uh largely this that we would like to provide highquality multi super specialtity at a relatively affordable cost. Uh the institute uh the organization which we acquire should also be in sync with our vision one and the requirement in the expandability in that domain. should be such that we can cater to with regard to the pair mix on the recent acquisitions which you're talking about uh uh Rudraur and uh Zerakur there we feel that the case mix would be roughly in the same manner as our prof what we have profiled say 75 80% coming from the government insurance and 20 25% coming from the cash and TPA segment so gradually also Here the organic shift is happening towards more cash and TPA because lot of cash and TPA patient uh are finding our excellent results in multi super specialtity at an affordable uh cost quite compelling to shift from premium segment to us. So that will happen. Understood. And so second is uh like many words are coming in your basically beligur So what is the like like can you highlight the specifics of that particular market in terms of patient volume or basically the supply demand dynamics see why we have uh increased our number and consolidated and uh soon enough uh by November 2026 we'll be uh looking at about nearly 950 bed capacity out there is because we feel that uh the northern India, the upper north India especially JNK, Himachal Pradesh uh these uh hilly areas do not have much uh healthcare facilities and uh lot of problems uh ailments come down towards Delhi. So we uh and they come down via tri city. So our consolidation why we are becoming the largest healthcare provider is this that this will be one-stop uh area where they can get all their treatments under one roof. at an affordable cost. Also, Delhi is a much costlier city. Traveling and other issues coming from so far off also becomes a major problem for people who have been suffering with uh ailments say like cardiac like uh cancer or neurological problems or requiring major surgeries for their for them and their family to stay in a uh capital of the country like Delhi becomes very difficult. So this will be onetop area where the entire treatment can be provided under one group. In fact in uh Mouali we are adding uh 150 bit for this purpose only that all the uh highend uh tertiary and cordinary care which can be provided for anywhere within India or outside can be provided uh at that place. So especially these beds are being added understood. Uh and so lastly on the doctor strategy so what is the retention strategy for doctors and what has been the attrition rate of at the age of level over the last 2 to 3 years. Thank you.
Uh see in fact uh if we go by the uh census our attrition rate at consultant level has been the lowest in the industry and it is largely because uh we have been one of the best uh pay masters to the doctors. One the second thing is this that uh the doctors are taken as uh not employees but partners uh with Park World. In fact they are accountable not for revenue or uh value. They're accountable only on two things. One is patient and attendance satisfaction and other is high-end clinical outcomes. And based on that each unit provides us a graded percentile system and any clinician who scores more than 75 percentile in the previous month on the next month by default every month they're personally recognized and rewarded a heat performance bonus by the promoters. So that is one another part. which keeps them uh working uh strongly in the field of their clinical excellence. And thirdly, we have an have a very robust ESOP system which has been kept for all the uh clinicians and the HORDs and uh that will be based on the performance understood. So you think there is negligible uh iteration ratio at the HD level.
See uh little will happen anywhere in this industry because of not uh reasons because of professional dissatisfaction. Sometimes personal reasons, sometimes uh uh uh extended studies abroad or some fellowship and other reasons all that's fine. So I just want to get a like what has been the ratio and like uh and why would why would a doctor choose uh park over let's say let's say in market there's a good competition uh uh Another big there is there. So what will part provide to with respect to other
any acidician or any scholar or any doctor they do not uh like to be pressurized uh uh with regard to the targets for volumes or revenue. One good part about park is this that park by itself has its own patient volume coming to park brand. Last financial year we had nearly 9 lakh footfall. And in this quarter also we had about 2.5 lakh footfall. So doctors do not have to worry about the patients. The patient volume is there. They are account they are accountable only for good clinical outcomes and patient satisfaction. So this gives them lot of comfort and soles because their academics are being required to be called for not their uh you could say commercial skills that they do not have to exert. One the second part is this since we have our own patient ways. We do not require a high-end celebrated doctors. We require efficient, clinically sound uh with the latest medical advance into latest technology uh 7 to 8 years experience from good government medical colleges, doctors who have worked in past with nearly 95 99% success rate. Those doctors who do not get recognition come to pass and they get immediate recognition because they have that freedom to work. with no more pressures and no umbrella cover of any celebrity doctor. So they become star doctors out there and besides that the performance bonus the ease of and other things are also the uh you could say foundations which are keeping them grounded with B. Understood. Thank you. All the best. A reminder to all participants you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question comes from the line of Ronok Agarwal with I thought PMS. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Pardon me if this question is repetitive. I was a bit late in the call. I wanted to know about the current payer mix between scheme cash and insurance patient and down and down the year down 2 three years. What kind of payer mix are you looking at from the current levels? Yeah. Hi. Uh if I say Q1 uh currently we are at 77% is coming from various government schemes. Uh and 10% from the TP and the balance 13% is coming from the cash. So this is comes you know as 100% going forward what we are expecting in next 12 to 15 months it will be 7030. So 70% will remain come from the government scheme and 30% from cash and TP. Okay. So, uh what kind of AROP growth uh are you looking due to the uh decre decrease in scheme and increase in the other patients?
Uh uh you know what we just mentioned was that uh our beneficiaries of government schemes when we look at patient intake uh uh uh currently 77% are beneficiaries of government schemes. Therefore, revenue uh mix reflects that pattern. Uh 77% comes from government insurance scheme rest from non-government insurance schemes namely from a self funded means or through uh TPA etc. going forward as we just explained we believe uh uh short to midterm this number will be uh having a split of 30 70% patients uh being beneficiaries of government schemes therefore 70% of revenue coming from government insurance schemes. on your question company ARPO uh we believe that for multiple reasons uh the ARPO which grew in a band of 3 to 5% in the past is showing a more robust growth of uh 10 to 12% right now this trend we believe will continue uh on account of this change makes uh uh shifts towards uh uh uh advanced to super speciality treatments uh combination of factor national inflation so we I think of guidance going forward is 10 to 12% in that random annualized basis.
10 to 12% for upcoming uh 2 years uh
correct? Yes.
Hello.
Yes, that's correct.
Thanks sir.
Okay. Thank you sir.
The next question comes from the line of Akshai Takur with Helios Capital. Please go ahead.
Hi sir. Thanks for again taking my question. Uh So my question is uh on u so at our scale how do we manage the hospital information system? Uh do we have a vendor or how do we manage that?
Yeah, we have a strong uh system uh which is in sync with uh all the various departments in the unit and uh we have a centralized uh service system also uh in which the entire data flows and on a consolidated basis also we are able to receive all the care supports in u same time uh from the various units. So we have a robust system which keeps the diagnostics uh the radiology the consultation the OPD the IPD the ICO and uh the reference values of various investigations uh with the provision of immediate access so which comes through and the report mechanism also.
Okay. Uh thank you. Uh one more question sir. Um so u we have around six five to 6% of our mix coming from OPD. So as compared to other hospitals there is a little less. So what is the strategy to uh improve this or uh basically this can this acts as a funnel to your IPD patients. So uh what is our strategy on this and uh what is the on ground model in place right now.
See OP uh we never have considered as a revenue generator since we are into uh uh affordable segment. Our interest is this that it does not create any entry barrier for any patient whatsoever for want of any kind of consultation treatment or with any kind of uh suggestions with regard to his illness. So we ensure that the OPD volume is very high and uh it can be at times free of cost or subsidized also we conduct each unit conducts uh various camps roughly about 20 25 camps in a month. So with 17 units that we see there are large number of camps which are being conducted in the territory as corporate uh uh social responsibility also and corporate outreach program. Besides that on uh gals holidays and major holidays we keep our ops free for patients who are unable to afforded. So OPD is basically a footfall generator for us and not an entry barrier and there they come to know about the affordable treatments which are made available within our institute and that is how the conversion happens when they find that this is within their means and pocket to take the treatment unlike other premium segments where it is totally unaffordable even the OPD at times if we keep it at 3,000 5,000 rupees for a super specialist uh it becomes a deterrent for a patient to enter into a hospital.
That was very helpful. Sir, one last question. Sir, your uh uh when it comes to your uh specialty mix, yeah, neurology has a a very high percentage. Uh what could be the reason for that? Uh any spec any specific reason we have that?
Uh one aspect I could say is see this is uh domaincentric uh that uh based on uh the domains where there is a particular ailment higher the particular super specialtity could be higher. But one aspect which I find is this that since we are mapped on the uh Grand Trunk road from uh Delhi to Chandigar and on the Japur Delhi expressway we are dying on highway. So unfortunately a lot of trauma and accidental cases also approach us because they can quickly approach us and major critical cases with uh uh requirement of neurological involvement is there. So that is why the percentage is higher.
Okay, understood sir. That was helpful. Thank you. Thank you for
the next question comes from the line of Jetan Sha with Chief Capital. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi. Uh uh sir, thanks. Most of my question got answered uh so apologies for just connecting. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you Jayen. Thank you for
Yeah. Just Just one small thing there is a small correction which I wanted to understand in one of the questions which you which uh you answered about the about the doctor's remineration structure what we have my very specific question is when we go to tier 2 and t 3 city going forward uh how do you see availability of a reasonably good doctor uh uh staying at a relatively longer period of time apart from the apart from the structure of remuneration what we have which is very unique in the industry Is there anything else also what we are looking at it or exploring to have a consistency of services across the length and breadth of hospital sir?
Yeah uh Chetan in fact it's a fantastic question and it gives us a lot of insights because I've been directly involved with the recruitment even in tier 2 tier three towns I'll give you an example of places like Patenda where we had a lot of uh uh super specialists coming over giving in interviews coming from metros like Chandigar, Delhi and other towns and I was quite surprised and I said that why are you coming uh to a tier 2 tier three town especially from the places like Delhi or Chandigar. So the answer which came across was this that uh this is uh our hometown and because there was no facility which could actually hone our skills till now we were forced to go and uh stay in part of places which are metros where good hospitals were but now since you have come up with uh all the facilities in our hometown we would like to be working out here I'll give you an example on uh uh the recent one Rudur also a medical oncologist and his wife pathologist they were in one of premium uh hospitals in Delhi uh medical oncologist and pathologist and uh they have come to Rder to work out there because again it is their hometown So this story carries on because uh the brain uh drain happens from uh smaller uh cities and smaller towns uh to bigger metros which was happening before to abroad also but now it has been contained to bigger metros because the facilities in tier 2 tier three towns were not available but as we are coming up with high-end super speciality in tier 2 tier three towns they're more than happy to come and accommodate themselves in their hometown or close to their vicinity of hometown. So we have had no problems till now.
Understood sir. Just one follow up on that apologies for taking little extra time. Uh if you if you uh uh see some of the doctors you know most of these uh doctors once they have a good experience in a in a larger cities uh then they wanted to go back to the roots and open a small uh hospital or a or a or a or a clinic or a speciality thing. Uh uh but sometimes they have a constraint of money so they may not be able to open a larger one. So are we open to such ideas also where where uh they not only come back with that talent but also happy to tie up with a with a brand like ours and uh and can give you a le of uh of a geography where uh as of now we are not able to think but uh can explore such opportunity as a as a part of the business expansion plan going forward. Will that be also one of the strategy will you think can work?
See till now one of the uniqueness of park is this that all All our uh clinicians, doctors are full-time employees of park hospital and uh they are dedicated to park only. So later in future if something comes up, we have no visiting consultant uh policy with us. All our doctors are 100% dedicated and that is why our uh there is zero patient grievances because uh their entire time goes in only two things. One is the counseling of patient and attendance and other is on their skill sets coming out with high clinical outcomes. So the which park gets in comparison to lot of other institute where the uh uh time feasibility is not there with doctor and this is a common complaint that uh doctor comes initially only and after the treatment they are unable to meet their consultant. This doesn't happen in
understood understood. Thanks and wish you all the best sir for the future and congratulations for the new property sir.
Thank you so much. Yeah. Bye.
Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Due to time constraints we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sudesh Sharma for the closing remarks. Thank you all once again for your time and for the thoughtful questions. Uh today we are uh very pleased with the progress we have made this quarter as we continue to scale our network responsibly while staying true. to our core values of affordability, quality and patiententric care. We remain super confident in the growth road map we have laid out for FI27 and beyond and we look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the quarter side. On behalf of the entire park medieval team, thank you so much for your continued trust and support. Thank you and have a very good day.
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, for any further questions, you may get in touch with Miss Salon Nagar from PI factors team. Thank you for joining us. On behalf of Park Media World Limited, that concludes this conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.
