
===== [PDF PAGE 1] =====
Secretarial Department   
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 1101, 11th Floor, Cignus, Plot No. 71A, Powai Paspoli, Mumbai, Maharashtra- 400087 Maharashtra. Tel: 022 68520601 
● E-mail: customercare@fedfina.com ● web: www.fedfina.com ● CIN: L65910MH1995PLC364635 
 
 
October 25, 2025 
Ref. FEDFINA/ CS/ 105 / 2025-26 
The Manager,   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
SYMBOL – FEDFINA 
The Manager,  
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 544027 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, October 17, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call which was held on October 
17, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call shall be uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.fedfina.com/ under the section ‘Investor Relations’ in due course. 
 
The above is submitted for your kind information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Parthasarathy Iyengar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A21472 
 
Encl : As above 
===== [PDF PAGE 2] =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
     
 
Management    : Mr. Parvez Mulla, MD & CEO, Fedbank Financial  
Services Limited 
 
 Mr. C.V . Ganesh – CFO – Fedbank Financial Services 
Limited 
 Mr. Vikram Rathi, CRO – Fedbank Financial Services 
Limited 
 Mr. Shardul Kadam – CBO, Small Ticket LAP – 
Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
 Mr. Jagadeesh Rao – CBO, Gold Loans – Fedbank 
Financial Services Limited 
 Mr. K. Sureshkumar – CBO, Medium Ticket LAP – 
Fedbank Financial Services Limited 
Moderator       :   Mr. Shreepal Doshi – Equirus Securities 
 
 
 
 
 

===== [PDF PAGE 3] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Fedbank Financial Services Q2 FY '26 
Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 This conference may contain forward -looking statements about the company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Shreepal Doshi: Thank you, Swapnela. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all to the earnings conference 
call of Fedbank Financial Services to discuss the Q2 performance of the company.  Today, we 
have the management of the company represented by Mr. Parvez Mulla, MD and CEO; Mr. C.V. 
Ganesh, CFO; Mr. Shardul Kadam, CBO for Small Ticket LAP business; and Mr. K. Suresh, 
CBO for Medium Ticket LAP. 
 I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Parvez for his opening remarks, post which we can 
open the forum for question and answer. Over to you, sir. 
Parvez Mulla: Good evening, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you for joining the 
Q2 FY '26 post results earnings call. I am joined by our CFO, Mr. C.V. Ganesh; our CBOs, Mr. 
Shardul Kadam; Mr. Jagadeesh Rao; Mr. Suresh Kumar; and our Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Vikram 
Rathi. 
 Continuing what we had articulated in our previous calls, I wish to emphasize priorities for your 
company: 
1. Conserve and allocate capital to businesses with high ROA, ROE. 
2. Focus on our twin-engine strategy of Gold and LAP businesses.  
3. To move towards a fully secured lending portfolio. 
4. Expand Gold business through branch expansion and increased doorstep coverage.  
5. Continue to foster synergies between our Gold and LAP operations.  
6. Within LAP, we will concentrate on a combination of high -yield ST LAP and low -
risk MT LAP. 
7. Expand MT LAP with minimal capital allocation. 
8. Establish leadership in ST LAP team and build team for growth and quality. 
9. Continues strengthening our collection infrastructure to effectively manage 
delinquencies.  
===== [PDF PAGE 4] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
10. Aim for increased core income while reducing reliance on DA income, use DA as a 
capital allocation strategy. 
11. Move towards a frugal cost structure. 
12. Ensure that credit costs remain 1% plus or minus 10 bps. 
 With respect to these priorities and more, we have taken the following actions in Q2 FY '26:- 
1. Entering this quarter, the company has successfully sold a deep delinquent pool of 
gross non-performing assets of ST LAP and HL amounting to INR79.5 crores. This 
includes technically written off principal outstanding value of INR41 crores. We 
have sold this to an asset reconstruction company for an upfront cash payment of 
INR32.6 crores.  
2. If you recollect, during Q1 FY '26, we have done a 100% assignment of business 
loan portfolio of INR770 crores, and it was derecognized -- it was executed and 
derecognized from our AUM.  Similarly, during this quarter, 100% assignment of 
business loan portfolio of further INR115.6 crores was executed and derecognized 
from AUM, reducing the total on -book exposure of unsecured lending to less than 
1%. In addition to ring-fencing us from any deterioration in unsecured lending, this 
also enables us to reinvest the proceeds into products with higher returns on ROA. 
3. On the gold business, we had a good quarter with the AUM growing 36% Y-o-Y and 
6% Q-on-Q and the tonnage grew by 4% Y-o-Y. Our LTVs on AUM stand at 62%. 
Our initiatives on DSGL has paid off well, where we have grown 71% Y-o-Y. 
4. In this quarter, we have opened 57 new gold loan branches. In line with our guidance, 
we will continue to open new branches in the next 2 quarters. 
5. In our collaborative initiative involving gold and ST LAP branches, we have 
successfully merged and co -located 49 branches till now, which includes 23 
branches, which we had done in the first quarter. That means 49 branches of small 
ticket LAP business hav e released the premises and moved into 49 gold branch 
premises. We will persist in our efforts to merge and co-locate more branches while 
we open new branches. 
6. Despite facing yield pressure, the MT LAP business has disbursed INR554 crores 
achieving a quarter-on-quarter growth of 23%, while maintaining the same yields.  
7. In light of the environment , the ST LAP market and the increased credit cost faced 
by the company earlier, the company has fortified its credit policies and successfully 
transitioned to a system -driven BRE.  This quarter, this business of ST LAP has 
disbursed INR206 crores. 
8. The senior leadership team was successfully on-boarded in collections during Q1 and 
Q2, and we further strengthened the field team. We have verticalized the collection 
framework incorporating additional resources for both call centers and legal teams. 
9. This quarter, we have secured ECBs totalling $150 million to date.  
10. Our credit cost for Q2 stands at 0.9%. This includes an impact of about 0.2% from 
an annual ECL refresh exercise. 
11. Our dependence on DA income has diminished in this quarter too.  
===== [PDF PAGE 5] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
                                               We will continue to implement corrective measures, and we anticipate that certain flows will 
persist in the short term, but they are expected to stabilize by the year-end. We foresee a return 
to normalcy by the end of year, which will contribute to a further stable and predictable 
performance in the future. 
 Some of the key business numbers are as follows: -  
1. Our AUM touched INR16,136 crores, translating to a growth of 13.5% Y -o-Y. 
Without the base effect of business loans, this would be 28% Y -o-Y in the AUM 
growth.  
2. Gold has reached an AUM of about INR6,731 crores and AUM growth of 36.4% Y-
o-Y. Tonnage growth for the year came in at 4%.  
3. Mortgage AUM reached INR8,796 crores and AUM growth of 22.6% Y-o-Y.  
4. Disbursals of INR5,205 crores are up 36.5% Y-o-Y. 
5. On the profitability side, net interest income grew 10.9% Y-o-Y. 
6. Operating profit grew 10.1% Y-o-Y. 
7. Our net profit stood at INR80.2 crores in this quarter, up 24.2% Y-o-Y.  
8. On the asset quality side, credit cost stands at 0.9%. This was about 0.7% in Q1 and 
1.3% in Q2 last year. 
9. The gross stage 3 stands at 1.9% versus 2% Q-on-Q after the ARC sale. 
 I wish you all a very Happy Diwali, and I now hand over to Mr. C.V. Ganesh to take you through 
the detailed numbers. 
C.V. Ganesh: Thank you. Parvez. Thanks, everyone, for your participation on the call. While Parvez covered 
the core performance, let me share some perspectives on the quarter to understand it better. Much 
of what I say will be an expansion of what has already got mentioned. 
 
1. First is the way we are going around the branch infrastructure. We began the year 
with 694 branches. In Q1 '26, we had advised that we had co-located 23 small ticket 
LAP branches within gold loan branches and consolidated another 3, resulting in a 
reduction of branches from 694 to 668. 
In Q2, we have commissioned 57 new gold loan branches and consolidated another 
26 small ticket LAP branches within gold loan branches, resulting in a net addition 
of branches by 31, which takes the total branches to 699. 
So, if you see what we are doing, we are almost at the year beginning counts of 
physical branches. But with an expanded 57 new gold loan branches in new locations, 
and without diluting the small ticket LAP presence on the ground at all. Q3 will be a 
commissioning of a high number of gold loan branches as well, adding muscle to our 
ground presence for gold loans. 
 
 
 
 
===== [PDF PAGE 6] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
2. We continue the de-risking exercise of our balance sheet. We started the quarter with 
a residual unsecured MSME loan book of INR270 crores. During the year with an 
unsecured business loan assignments of INR116 crores with a full credit risk transfer. 
With this and runoff, our residual unsecured MSME book is down INR104 crores, 
down from INR270 crores as of June 30. This means that we have scaled down our 
exposure to unsecured MSME to a little over 1/3 of the June exposure. 
Also, of the residual INR104 crores of unsecured MSME , over 75% of this book is 
0 DPD as on September 30. We are sufficiently provided for on this residual book. 
This transaction, coupled with the ARC sale of deep delinquent small -ticket 
mortgage NPAs, including the write -off book of INR41 crores, has facilitated the 
release of capital and helped improve asset quality of the portfolio. 
 
3. The capital adequacy as of September 30 stands at 21.64%, down from 22.4% in the 
previous quarter, primarily due to additional discounting on our existing Tier 2 
capital. We will take steps to supplement our Tier 2 during H2 FY '26.  
 
4. With this, of the loan book of INR11,743 crores in the balance sheet as on September 
30, the changed loan book mix is at under. The gold loan share has gone up to 46%, 
up from 40% at the beginning of the fiscal. The secured mortgage is at 53% and the 
unsecured MSME book has gone down to under 0.9%, down from 10% at the 
beginning of the fiscal. 
 
5. Since the above two transactions, namely the unsecured business loan sale and the 
ARC sale have resulted in the loans we derecognized from our AUM, optically, you 
may see an anemic AUM growth of 2.8% sequentially compared to June. However, 
on an ex-DL basis, which we stopped originating last year, the year -on-year growth 
is 28%, and the sequential Q-o-Q growth is 4.5%. 
 
6. Parvez mentioned that we will grow medium ticket LAP with minimal capital 
allocation. In the quarter, we have originated INR554 crores of medium ticket LAP 
and done direct assignments of INR462 crores of the same. Our AUM per gold loan 
branch shows an optical decline from INR13 crores per branch in Q1, to INR12.4 
crores for branch in Q2.  
 
7. However, this is due to the 57 new branches commissioned in the last 2 months of 
Q2, which will take 9 to 12 months to meaningfully contribute to book growth. 
However, our tonnage growth has been flat, and that's an area we hope to remedy 
when the new branches start contributing. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== [PDF PAGE 7] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 On the NIMs and spread. 
                                               We had advised in the last quarter that our normative yields adjusted for the onetime impact on 
the sold BL would have been 16.6%, and the spreads would have been higher by the amount.  
In quarter 2, with yields returning to the normative number, coupled with an additional 20 bps 
income coming from direct assignments on the medium ticket LAP book, our yields for the 
quarter have averaged 17%, up from 16.2% in the previous quarter. That, coupled with the 
improvement in the cost of borrowing has led to spread sequentially improving by 100 b ps 
quarter-on-quarter to 8.7%. 
 On the Opex side. 
                                                We are seeing traction in our cost rationalization measures with opex growth contained at 2.6% 
Y-o-Y. However, the operating cost for the quarter reflects a back -ended nature of branch 
expansion. 
 On the Infrastructure side.  
                                                The co -location/merger of 49 branches and consolidation of 3 branches has also aided in 
restricting the opex. Consequently, our cost to income has come off better at 56.9%, which is a 
sequential improvement of 136 bps. As we continue on the branch expansion journey, we expect 
the opex and cost to income to go up to more normative levels, but driven more by capacity -
driven spend on new branch infrastructure. 
 On PCR side. 
                                                Our ARC transaction resulted in the sale of deeper bucket NPAs which had a higher provision 
than the average ECL. Hence, post -sale, there was a big drop in PCR through our ECL refresh 
exercise which we have done in September and the flowing back of the gains from  the sale of 
the back book to shore up the NPA provision, our revised PCR stands at 32%. 
 On the Treasury side. 
                                                On a quarter-on-quarter basis, our weighted average interest cost on the overall borrowings has 
gone down by 37 bps from 8.56% in June, to 8. 19% for this quarter. This reflects a decline in 
cost of borrowing by 53 bps from the beginning of the fiscal.  
This decline has been facilitated by reset on the external benchmarking borrowing and 
diversification of the resource mix by substituting local currency long-term debt with ECB. We 
have more ECBs and market borrowings lined up and timing will be a function of how the asset 
growth picks up. 
 Currently, around 83% of our total borrowings are floating rate in nature. And of these, 45% are 
on external linked benchmarks, while 39% are linked to MCA. Our incremental borrowing cost 
for quarter two continue to be comfortably below 8%.  
===== [PDF PAGE 8] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
The deleverage from our BL and LAP assignments of INR578 crores and a marginal increase in 
the gold loan co-lending by INR147 crores has resulted in our debt equity ratio decreasing from 
3.89% as of June to 3.78% as of September. That gives us sufficient headroom to expand our 
loan book without needing to raise equity in the medium term. 
 With that, I hand it over to the operator for any questions. Thank you all. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: Firstly, it is very encouraging to see that we have opened new branches for gold loans because 
Laxmi ji is shining on the whole world and even India, the gold prices are very strong. Even the 
regulator has been very benign in having relaxed regulations.  
But sir, I just have one question here that 6% Q-o-Q growth, though it is in no way a bad number, 
it just seems that we have been holding back our growth in some way because like from whatever 
we hear from the markets, larger players would probably be doing double of that.  
So just wanted to know that on the gold loan side, what is holding back? Why are we holding 
back? And probably it's time to go full throttle and we have not done that this quarter. So any 
thoughts here, Parvez sir or Ganesh, anyone? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, Digant, thank you so much for your question. If you remember, I was asked this question 
last quarter also. And we continue to maintain that we will be conscious of the price increase 
and the LTV. So, while the relaxation has happened on the LTV, we are still operating on the 
December guidelines. We have not taken the relaxation of the LTV yet into the effect. That's 
point number one. 
 Point number 2 is the branches that we have put up is just about in this quarter. In Q1, we were 
focused on moving some of our ST LAP branches because our infrastructure team was trying to 
do that model, and we were trying to experiment with that. So in Q2, we have pushed the throttle 
on putting new branches. That is where the new tonnage comes in and the new growth also 
comes in. 
 Thirdly, there is a seasonal factor. August and September, there have been certain withdrawals. 
So all these 3 put together, we are very -- and if you look at our pattern too, we pick up our 
growth substantially differently in Q3 and Q4. Our tonnage growth as well as our AUM growth. 
So we are pretty confident about the kind of growth that we will get in the gold business and the 
kind of growth that we want in the Gold business. And it is almost in line with the guidance that 
we had given, while keeping the LTV and the price in mind. 
Digant Haria: Perfect. One, just follow -up that -- see, new branches will contribute to growth. That is a very 
fair point. But in the existing branches, do you see like an increased inquiries or increased sales 
efforts from our side? Are we doing that? Because I see that our yields in Gold have gone -- it 
has actually gone better, like they have increased, at least that is what I could make out. So what 
strategy are we playing in the existing branches? If you can just highlight 2 lines... 
===== [PDF PAGE 9] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Parvez Mulla: So existing -- as I said, existing is a play of the LTV. Existing is a play of -- see, there will be 
withdrawals in festive seasons. We usually -- whenever the festive season are there, we -- the 
kind of incentives at the front end are very different. So the staff is encouraged to do more sales 
during the festive seasons to compensate for the withdrawals that happened during the festive 
seasons. So that kind of incentive structure, we have kept it in abeyance for Q3. 
 And for the existing branches, we were happy with the kind of growth or we were happy with 
the withdrawal that was happening in Q2 because we got the growth that we were wanting. And 
now one has to feel comfortable between, as I said, you have to be comfor table between the 
price growth and the LTV that you want to look at. So, you will see a very different Q3 number, 
both on the tonnage side as well as on the growth side. 
Digant Haria: Perfect, perfect. That's really good to know. And then my last question is, we -- in the initial 
guiding comment, you said that we want to grow with in the most capital-efficient way and have 
our credit cost below 1%. But sir, I think this was -- this is a n older guidance now we hardly 
have anything unsecured. 
 We also sold down our portfolio. The small LAP portfolios, which are really delinquent. So, I 
think going ahead, I think you should be improving this guidance because just with mortgages 
and gold loans, maybe 1% credit cost may also be very, very conservative guidance? 
Parvez Mulla: So, Digant, you're right, because you're looking at it in an absolute term. But if you remember 
the guidance and the Q3, the kind of environment, we were one of the first companies to tell you 
that we had a problem on the small ticket LAP business. And we had  a problem in terms of the 
collection infrastructure and all that. So, I have book, which I have to take care of and the flows 
that I have to take care of. And that is where we gave you a guidance for the entire year of 1%, 
keeping that in mind for FY '26. 
 Obviously, one would like to improve on those guidance, but we stick to the guidance because 
those flows and because of the kind of environment that is shifting, one would like to improve 
on it. And one would like to give you a pleasant surprise on that. B ut the fact remains that any 
correction that needs to happen to a lending book requires some time. 
 And there is no point in me giving you a revised guidance and then changing the piece. So, it 
stays in that bracket. We are still focused on -- in this entire year, we will be focused on getting 
our ST LAP piece right for the older book. So that's why that guidance remains. 
 And as far as the BL is concerned, we kept that in mind, and we've been taking some 
precautionary measures, and once you're trying to do these corrective measures as well as give 
a good ROA number and give a good credit cost numbers, one needs to figure out when you will 
correct the BL and when you will correct the ST LAP. All these are line level decision one has 
to take. So, it will remain in those lines. And one -- I mean, we would like to pleasantly surprise 
if the environment also improves. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. 
===== [PDF PAGE 10] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Two quick questions. The first one is when I compare the cost to income or maybe the cost to 
assets 5.6%, 5.7% on the cost of assets, or cost to income at around 56%, 57% ballpark seems a 
bit higher for the -- versus the peers and also for the AUM size tha t we are. So just wanted the 
split of opex that you have today. How do we look at opex, one, if we split it into the cost of 
collections? Second, what would be the cost of acquisition? And what would be business as 
usual opex there, if you can split it into these 3 parts. 
 The second question is around the 1 plus and the 30 -plus. We are largely running a secured 
business. But maybe some degree of banking nascent customers. However, when I look at the 
cure rates from 1 plus to 30 -plus, 1-plus is hovering anywhere between 7.5%  to 8% and 30% -
plus is around 4.5% to 5%. So, we are able to cure somewhere around 30%, which seems a lower 
number, given the fact that these are secured exposures. So, if you can clarify on these, it will 
be really helpful. 
Parvez Mulla: Shubhranshu, these numbers have to be looked at in context. Context is, again, I will draw the 
attention to my call in Q3 as well as in Q4, where we mentioned that we were going through a 
difficult situation, and we had taken a onetime hit on the ST LAP bo ok. And we were trying to 
rebuild that particular business. And that is where we had given guidance that in the entire FY 
'26, we will be focused on trying to get the credit cost 1% sub range. 
 Last year, we had a credit cost of about 1.8% in FY '25, and we wanted to guide in FY '26 for a 
1% credit cost. So the entire year was a credit cost-focused year, and that is what we wanted to 
guide. We also mentioned that time that the cost to income and the cost to average assets, 
although were very high compared to other peers, that was not the metric which we will focus 
on in FY '26. We will focus on in FY '27 for two reasons. 
 Even though we will do a lot of initiatives to reduce the cost, there is other capacity expansion, 
as Ganesh mentioned, in terms of putting new branches as well as adding collection 
infrastructure to take care of the small ticket LAP business. And while yo u are doing all this in 
FY '26, the numbers are usually not indicative of an ideal state. 
 So FY '26 is a rebuild year. That is why breaking -up that 5.7% right now might not be correct 
and comparing us might not be correct because we are moving in a context of Q3 FY '25. So 
that opex, you will see a substantially different opex in FY '27. 
 Right now, what you're seeing is our initiatives on the cost, which are coming in, but there is 
also capacity addition, and we will continue to add branches in Q3 and Q4, and that is why you 
will see cost-to-income and average assets might be 10 or 20 bps here and there in this year. And 
on cost to income side, it might remain flat over FY '25. 
 As far as the 1-plus and 30-plus is concerned, again, these numbers will have to be compared in 
context of Q3 and Q4. And we said it will take us a year to correct this. The kind of resolution 
rate that you are comparing us with, the other companies have e volved themselves on the 
collection side. We had a very sparse collection team on the ST LAP side.  
===== [PDF PAGE 11] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
We've built that in the last 2 quarters. The teams are coming in, and that is where we are seeing 
improvements. This year, you will see those numbers going up or down. But by the year -end, 
we should stabilize those internal numbers as you compare between t he 30-plus and 1 -plus. I 
agree ideal state, it should be that, but we are still a little far away from giving you those numbers. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: If I can just squeeze in one last question. What would be our collection post-today? And how do 
we envisage the recruitment in the next 2 quarters? Or maybe next 3 to 4 quarters, what would 
be -- what would this look like in the next 3 to 4 quarters? 
Parvez Mulla: Again, Shubhranshu, I will answer it in context of 9 months to a year ago, our collection team 
was not verticalized. We had the same collection team for our medium ticket LAP business as 
well as small ticket LAP business as well as BL business. One thing which we changed this year 
was we verticalized the collection team. We got separate leaders for this vertical structure of 
collection. Then we got the regional leaders. So, we overinvested in that collection 
infrastructure. 
 Plus, we improved the ACR, plus we ensure that the 12 MOB is assigned to the sales team, 
which was responsible for sourcing, and we had a KRA for that. Plus, we got a new leader as 
Chief Business Officer, Mr. Shardul Kadam, who is now ensuring that collection as well as 
business go hand in hand.  
And we also, as far as the feet on street is concerned, whenever the collection team is parsed, 
most companies land up giving it to agencies. That was the scenario 1 year ago. We are -- over 
the last 6 months, we have been trying to reduce the agency perce ntage, and we've been 
successful in that. 
 So, all this work is happening in the background when I give the guidance of 1%, there is a lot 
of work which goes behind all this in trying to ensure and these are the infrastructure changes as 
well as the structure changes that we are doing in the ST LAP business to give us the output that 
we are wanting. We are still 6 months away from it becoming predictable. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Understood. The count of people or... 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, I can -- for example, on the small ticket LAP business earlier, I had about -- only for the 
small ticket LAP business on the collection side, if I had people 200, I would have increased it 
to about 400 people now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mayank Mistry from JM Financial. 
Mayank Mistry: Yes, Sir, I have a question on the disbursement spend. So basically, you just explained that you 
have been doing some co-locating branches, and there is a good amount of expansion going on 
in the gold loans. But your tonnage seems to be decreasing at the same time. And your 
disbursements have also been sequentially for this quarter, at least the sequential -- there was a 
sequential decline in disbursements. 
===== [PDF PAGE 12] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 So, is there any competition -- competitive pressure that is building up because of which maybe 
we are going -- we may be going a little slower? Or can you throw some light on how -- why 
has the disbursement been a little slower compared to previous few quarters? 
Parvez Mulla: Yes, Mayank, thank you for that question. I might be repeating myself because I answered that 
in the first question also. Our disbursements in gold, we also look at the net growth. If you see 
the AUM growth quarter -on-quarter, we have seen a 6% upside quar ter-on-quarter. And year-
on-year, we have seen a 36% upside on the AUM for gold. So there is an upside. 
 As far as tonnage is concerned, you are right, in the first 2 quarters, the tonnage is flat. But if 
you look at us in the past 2, 3 years also, the first 2 quarters, our tonnage has been flat in the first 
2 quarters. It picks up in the third and fourth quarter. And that's how we have always guided that 
if you look at year -on-year tonnage growth over the last 5 years, you will see year -on-year 
tonnage growth. So our tonnage usually picks up in Q3 and Q4, and it's seasonal for us. 
 As far as competition is concerned, there is increase in competition, yes. But right now, the less 
-- I won't connect the less disbursal to competition. I think there is a little bit of withdrawal, 
which happens in Q2, which has happened, in terms of custo mers withdrawing their jewels 
because of festive seasons as well as because of the price rise. 
 And we think looking at the October numbers, we are very, very confident about Q3 being a 
definitive year -- a definitive quarter for us, which is comparable to our previous seasonal 
movements. So for us, it is normal, business as usual. I mean it's nothing unusual. And as far as 
you would have tracked us over the past 3 quarters, if there is anything unusual, we would have 
been the first people to tell you that there is something unusual for us. Our Gold business is 
doing decently in traction. 
Mayank Mistry: Okay. And sir, the next question is as Ganesh sir said, that there was an ECL refresh and which 
has led to sharp decline in PCR during the quarter. Earlier, we used to maintain a very lower 
number over here. And at that time, our gold mix was also around 35% levels, right? So now 
when the gold loans had increased and we had actually increased our PCR at that time. But now, 
again, the decline is happening. At the same time, our mix is also going down on the gold side. 
So do you see these numbers going down further? 
Parvez Mulla: So again, Mayank, I will give a first -line answer, and then I'll request C.V.G. to supplement it. 
First is, again, go back to our guidance, which we gave in Q3 and Q4 when we were asked when 
we had showed up the PCR. We had showed it up to about 38%, 40%. We had said that it is a 
onetime effect because we had taken a onetime effect. We were earlier at 22% PCR, and then it 
had gone up to 40%. At that time, when we were asked this question, we had said that in our 
guidance, we had said our going forward PCR will not be as high as 40% and will not be as low 
as 22%, 23%. 
 And if you see, it has played out in Q2, we are somewhere in between. Having said that, you 
will look -- you will have to look at us as a company which is doing gold loan business as well 
as LAP business, the mortgage PCR is very different from the Gold PC R. C.V.G., you want to 
add? 
===== [PDF PAGE 13] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes. So Mayank, what I will say is that the mortgage PCR, we have a mix of small ticket and 
large ticket mortgage. Now on the large ticket mortgage NPAs, our loss given default has rarely 
exceeded 15%, okay? So basically, it will be a little unfair comparison with overall PCR across 
the medium ticket and the small ticket is compared with other stand-alone companies is perhaps 
to only small ticket right? 
 So for us, we have a higher PCR on the small ticket. We have a little lesser PCR on the medium 
ticket. So the average optically may look on the lower side. I think I can assure you that we are 
adequately provided for the risks on the small ticket LAP and H L where we perceive a little 
higher degree of stress than the other parts of the portfolio, mainly gold and medium ticket. 
 What happens is a PCR is total provision upon total NPA. And when you have a combination of 
three products, it's sometimes skewed, and the number optically may not be very suggestive of 
a meaningful interpretation. 
Mayank Mistry: Okay, sir. Okay. Just if you can just -- if you can throw some light on the scenario in the LAP, 
because it's been a couple of quarters since there has been issues in the mortgage space across 
the industry. I know we have cleaned up our move for the last w hole year. But if you can just 
throw some light on the on -field, how -- on the field, how the trends are moving. And on the 
collection front, if you had any change over the last 1 year, in terms of customer behavior? 
Parvez Mulla: As far as -- see, on the small ticket LAP business, we had advised that we had certain challenges 
on the collection side when we advised on Q3 last year. So 9 -months down the line, we are -- 
we have put the infrastructure and the -- we are addressing issues which the company faced in 
Q3 and last year Q2, and we will take the entire FY '26 to address it. When we're looking at the 
data, we have, as I had mentioned last time also, there are multiple geographies as well as 
multiple areas where we are addressing the collection manpower issue. 
 So when you have an internal problem that you are addressing, and the external environment is 
a component of that, firstly, we will try and solve the problem that we are having internally, 
which is what we are doing. And that is where you will see the numbers for the old book as well 
as new book improving. There have been last quarter and some companies have mentioned that 
there is some stress in certain markets. 
 But for us, it is contaminated by our own issues. That is why it is very difficult for us to do that 
segregation that this is the environment issue, and this is our own issue. We have classified it as 
all our issue, and we are trying to address it. And our collection manpower has started moving 
around in the field in the l ast quarter and trying to meet those customers and get certain 
responses. 
 See, if you look at the kind of income levels that have happened in rural India. If you look at 
what has happened in the micro-finance market, if you look at how the wage bills have been or 
how the crop pattern has been, it's a mixed bag for rural economy.  And incomes h ave been 
stagnant in that area. 
===== [PDF PAGE 14] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 So there definitely is that environment, which is playing in. While we are doing our own analysis 
and just ensuring that our book is analyzed for ourselves. So it won't be prudent for us to give 
you a market environment related field when we are trying to address our own book and trying 
to fix that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI Bank. 
Renish: Sir, just a couple of things. One, again, on the credit cost front, right. So this quarter, the absolute 
provisioning has gone up despite we getting INR4-5 crores, of benefits from sales to ARC. So I 
just wanted to understand whether this quarter, we have seen gross seepages going up or there 
is an elevated write-off this quarter? 
Parvez Mulla: So, Renish, to broadly give you the -- there will be a 20 bps there of ECL refresh, which we have 
done in this quarter. So that 90 bps has a 20 bps there. And as far as the ARC sales release is 
concerned, that would get compensated with the PCR increase that we have done. 
Renish: But sir, that is to route through P&L? 
Parvez Mulla: Which one? Yes. 
C.V. Ganesh: So Renish, can I come in here? I'll just answer the question, maybe I'll supplement what Parvez 
said. You are right. So that has to come through the P&L. I can tell you that no part of that gain 
on the ARC sale is flowing to the ROE. We have used it to flow back the provisioning. 
 I'm also confirming that our credit costs for this quarter are actually equal to or a little lesser 
than the credit cost for the last quarter. So whatever delta is there, is what we have used for the 
ECL refresh and shoring up NPAs book on the residual NPA book, to get the PCR above t he 
31%. So maybe that portion of the credit cost is a one-off for this year, and we will see a return 
to more normative credit cost in Q3 and Q4. 
Renish: Okay. So when we say normalized credit cost, basically, you are saying 70 basis points should 
be a normalized credit cost, right? 
Parvez Mulla: Renish, we have guided for our FY '26, 1%, plus or minus 10 bps, and that is what we have 
guided. But -- and as we -- as our teams start getting put in and as we see collections, we should 
see better improvements on that. 
C.V. Ganesh: So if I can comment, Renish, our commitment last time is that we will try to set flows on the 
ROE every quarter, right? So I think maybe that should give comfort that irrespective of the 
individual elements of the ROE is -- we will -- the idea is to have a  company which has 
consistent, stable ROE with a minimal negative surprise. 
Renish: Got it. Got it. So just to follow up on that. So what sort of ROA we target for FY '27 now? I 
mean is there any change in our expectation or... 
Parvez Mulla: No, FY '27 remains same, Renish, what we had given earlier. The '26 and '27, our guidance has 
remained same over the last 3 quarters. 
===== [PDF PAGE 15] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Renish: Okay. Got it. And again, just the last thing on the sort of gold loan side. So I do understand we 
will be little calibrated when it comes to growing our gold loan piece beyond some threshold. 
But what has led to sequential decline in absolute disbursement number? 
Jagadeesh Rao: So Renish, Jagadeesh here. So the sequential reduction in the disbursement is mainly because of 
the festivities. So we have seen this happening in the month of August and September, mainly 
because of the Navratra releases. And there is no new loans coming in. This is seasonal, and we 
are seeing that win back coming as we speak in October. 
Renish: So basically, you are saying loss of business mix. I mean is that a fair assumption? 
Jagadeesh Rao: Yes, yes. There are releases happening in the market because of the festivities. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raghav from AMBIT Capital. 
Raghav: Just two questions from my side. One, I just wanted to confirm the write -off number for the 
quarter? Was it around INR50 crores, INR60 crores? Is that understanding correct? 
Parvez Mulla: Raghav, where did you pick that number from? 
Raghav: No, just from calculations... 
Parvez Mulla: Our write-off number is about INR9 crores, INR10 crores. 
Raghav: Okay. INR9-10 crores, understood. The second question is around this consolidated branches. 
You mentioned that it's going to be exercise that will continue in the second half as well. Can 
you give a number in terms of how many branches are you looking to consolidate between the 
gold loan business and the ST LAP? And then what are your plans on these lines for FY '27. I'm 
just trying to understand from a cost perspective, that's all. 
Parvez Mulla: Yes. So we plan to open more than -- I mean we plan to open about 150 new gold branches in 
the entire year, of which you have seen almost 57 done now. So another approximately 90 -odd 
will come up in the next 2 quarters. 
 As far as the consolidated branches are concerned, that's a little tricky because we have to look 
at the leased premises. We have to look at the space, which is available, and we've made that list 
of -- as well as the business, catchment and everything els e. So that number, we have pegged 
ourselves to about 75 to 80 for the year, which we will try and do. 
 We've reached 47 number. So there are another few in pipeline. If we -- so that is not constrained 
by our it is constrained by the fact that if there is any market compromise or if there is any space 
available compromised, then we might do lesser, but 75 is somewhere -- is what we will try and 
target. 
C.V. Ganesh: What I would say, Raghav, is if you see the way we have been deleveraging and releasing capital. 
The idea is to have enough gunpowder to avail the gold loan opportunity, right? And the whole 
===== [PDF PAGE 16] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
idea is to build capacity for a better FY '27 and FY '28, right? So that's the idea. There is enough 
gunpowder in our gun right now. 
Moderator: The next question is the line of Pawan from Edelweiss. 
Pawan: In terms of small ticket LAP, are we at a stage we can increase the disbursement beyond INR200 
crores per quarter going into Q3, Q4? 
Parvez Mulla: Thank you for your question. Shardul, do you want to take it? 
Shardul Kadam: This is Shardul here. So yes, we have been working on that on a consistent basis. As we had 
guided, what we've seen, our assessment about the environment is that the borrower segment on 
which we focus. It is not completely come out of the woods yet. So we are continuing to monitor 
the environment, and we are also working on our own portfolio. What has happened in the last 
3 to 5 months' time is we've completely firmed up our leadership teams at a state level, and that 
is in place. 
 Now with that happening, there is a decent degree of traction. We can confirm that is happening 
in terms of our distribution, in terms of also beginning to leverage our gold loan branches where 
we are using that as a pilot for new point of sales. So all of that is happening. We have -- in light 
of the environment, we have also tightened our credit policies.  
We have showed up our CIBIL thresholds because of which we have seen some degree of 
reduction in our disbursement. So the teams are getting aligned with this new regime. And I 
think that's a transitionary phase where we are right now. So yes, once that stabilizes, I think we 
should start seeing a pickup. 
Pawan: Got it. Just one more question to you. The origination yields have come down from 16.1% to 
15.5% quarter-on-quarter. And generally, the segment of customer is agnostic to rates, I mean, 
the conventional wisdom. Any reason for this drop? 
Shardul Kadam: So that -- the way we are looking at it is a transitionary phase for us. What has happened is, 
especially in the southern states, we have seen a slightly higher attrition and South typically 
gives us better yields. So obviously, on a proportionate basis, t he certain disbursements have 
come down. So that's where the play is when then we see those teams stabilizing is where we 
should start seeing a take-off here. 
Pawan: Got it. What is the BT out rate? 
Shardul Kadam: Yes. BT out rate has been fairly stable for us. It's hovering in the range of about 1.2%, yes, that's 
it. 
Pawan: Ganesh, sir, one question. Last year, I mean, in FY '25, you have done the ECL refresh at the 
end of December, if I remember correctly. Any reason why move to end of September this year? 
That's one. Second part is, last year, the impact was INR19 crores and 67 basis points. This year, 
===== [PDF PAGE 17] =====
  Fedbank Financial Services Limited
  October 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
the impact is much lower at a 19 basis points itself. So is this largely due to mix change being 
last year was having a lot more business loans, unsecured business loans? 
C.V. Ganesh: Yes, thank you for the question, Pavan. Yes. So I think -- no, we took a decision to do the ECL 
refresh in September, because when we had our regulatory supervision, there were some 
observations around strengthening the documentation around the ECL exercise. So we took the 
opportunity to mitigate the observation as well as do the exercise and have it behind us. So that 
there is no negative surprise spending for Q3 and Q4, right?  
And as you will appreciate, in spite of that, we have come out with a ROA better than Q1. So 
that at least would be overhang for Q3 and Q4. On the second question, you are right. I think the 
mix change has resulted in a lesser gain and fact that we had perhaps for the marginal increase 
in the model has not been consistent. 
Pawan: Sir, then in corollary, like I think a couple of people have already kind of touched on this point, 
but still asking is that you are seeing the portfolio moving to completely secured, you're also 
seeing ECL, the numbers coming out, not just leading indicator even as a lagging number, even 
after changing the ECL methodology or like whatever requirements that need to be done. The 
impact is quite low. So even at a time where you -- if you revised the credit cost guidance, at 
least for FY '27, FY '28 and then increase our ROA guidance? 
Parvez Mulla: No, let's look at Q3, and we will come back to it. What you are saying about lead indicators. 
One not only look at these indicators, but one is also looking at what is happening at the field 
level, what is the kind of response that you are getting in your buckets? What is the kind of 
collection efficiency that you're getting in your pre buckets? All these are also factors which are 
-- one is looking at. 
 That is why we are not revising the guidance right now. We also want to be pleasantly working 
towards it. But I mean, we don't think the issue which we have identified can be fixed in 2 
quarters. It requires certain time, and we are fixing it. And while we are fixing it, we are running 
a ship, and we believe that we are giving numbers which are in line with certain guidances that 
we have given. And we want to be giving a guidance, which is contextual to this corrective 
exercise that we are doing. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi for closing comments. 
Shreepal Doshi: Thank you, Swapnela. Thank you to all participants for being there on the call. This was a late-
evening call. Thanks all, again, once again. And I would like to thank the management of the 
company for giving us the opportunity to host this call. Thank you,  and Happy Diwali to 
everyone. 
Moderator: On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us today, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 