
===== [PDF PAGE 1] =====
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Manappuram Finance Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 04, 2026 
     
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.P. NANDAKUMAR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 DR. SUMITHA NANDAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 MR. BUVANESH THARASHANKAR – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 MS. BINDU A.L. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 MR. MANOJ PASANGHA – CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 DR. ROY VARGHESE – CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 MR. RAJESH NAMBOODIRIPAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 MR. KAMAL PARMAR – HEAD VEHICLE AND 
EQUIPMENT FINANCE – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 MR. RAKESH SHARMA – CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 MR. SUVEEN P.S. – CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 MR. ROBIN KARUVELY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE 
  
  
MODERATOR: MR. ABHIJIT TIBREWAL – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED  
  

===== [PDF PAGE 2] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Manappuram Finance Q4 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call , hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Yes, thank you, Yousuf. Good evening, everyone. I am Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal, 
and it is our pleasure to welcome you all to this earnings call. Thank you very much for joining 
us for the Manappuram Finance call to discuss their Q4 FY '26 earnings.  
To discuss the company's earnings, I am pleased to welcome Mr. V.P. Nandakumar, Managing 
Director; Dr. Sumitha Nandan, Executive Director; Mr. Buvanesh Tharashankar, Group CFO; 
Ms. Bindu A.L., CFO; Mr. Manoj Pasangha, Co -CEO, Asirvad Microfinance; Dr. Roy 
Varghese, Co -CEO, Asirvad Microfinance; Mr. Rajesh Namboodiripad, CFO, Asirvad  
Microfinance; Mr. Kamal Parmar, Head, Vehicle and Equipment Finance; Mr. Rakesh Sharma, 
Co-CEO, Manappuram Home Finance; Mr. Suveen P.S., Co-CEO, Manappuram Home Finance; 
and Mr. Robin Karuvely, CFO, Manappuram Home Finance.  
On behalf of Motilal Oswal, we thank the senior management and the Investor Relations team 
of Manappuram Finance for giving us this opportunity to host you today. I now invite Mr. 
Nandakumar for his opening remarks. With that, over to you, sir. 
V.P. Nandakumar: Thank you, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Manappuram 
Finance Q4 and Full Year FY '2 6 Earnings Call. I sincerely appreciate your continued 
engagement and support. Today, I'll briefly share our perspective on the operating environment, 
key highlights for the quarter and the year and our strategic direction as we enter FY '27.  
Amidst geopolitical tensions, the fourth quarter of FY '26 marked a relatively stable operating 
environment for the NBFC sector. Though the macroeconomic indicators continue to show 
resilience, supported by speedy consumption trends, improving rural demand and stable credit 
growth, it is tempered by the headwind s arising from the geopolitical tensions, such as 
inflationary tendencies, lately firming up of interest rates, weakening of rupee, etcetera.  
The lending landscape remained competitive with sustained focus on improvements in asset 
quality and prudent underwriting standards. The sector also continued to witness challenges in 
certain unsecured segments, particularly microfinance, albeit early sign s of recovery. Gold 
prices remained supportive during the quarter, reinforcing demand for secured lending products 
such as gold loans, which continue to offer liquidity, flexibility and lower risk.  
Against this backdrop, our approach remained consistent, protecting asset quality and ensuring 
sustainable growth. During the quarter, we also observed sustainable growth in our gold loan 
portfolio with AUM improving sequentially after a softer phase earlier in the year, while 
===== [PDF PAGE 3] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
competition remained elevated. Higher growth, higher economic activities, rural demand, shift 
in the consumer spending pattern has supported our gold loan disbursements.  
Across segments, trends remain divergent. While gold loans is largely instrumental to our 
growth, microfinance is still in a recovery phase with a modest AUM expansion and 
improvements in asset quality. The housing finance business remains stable. The port folio 
growth is muted. We remain focused on asset quality, operating efficiency and risk -adjusted 
growth.  
We are taking a cautious stance in microfinance, aligning expansion with improvements in 
collections and borrower leverage, while continuing to scale other segments prudently. Looking 
ahead, we expect steady momentum in gold loans fueled by consumer demand. Along with this, 
our diversified portfolio will enable a balanced and resilient growth.  
For Q4 FY '26, Manappuram Finance delivered a strong performance. Its growth anchored by 
our core gold loan business and supported by disciplined risk management across portfolios. 
Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR2,614 crores reflecting y-o-y Q-o-Q growth of 
10.7% and 11%, respectively. Profit after tax stood at INR405 crores.  
For the full year FY '26, we reported revenue of INR9,509 crores, PAT of INR993 crores. Our 
capital position, liquidity buffers and provisioning coverage remains strong, providing resilience 
and flexibility as we move into the next financial year. Gold loan business, the core strength for 
gold loan segment continued to demonstrate strong momentum in Q4, reaffirming its role as the 
cornerstone of our business.  
Gold loan AUM stood at INR50,953 crores, registering 99.1% year-on-year and 31.5% quarter-
on-quarter. The segment continued to contribute the majority of our consolidated AUM and 
earnings. Asset quality in this portfolio remains robust, supported by conservative LTV norms, 
frequent monitoring and strong operational controls. Introduction of the new lending against 
gold collateral guidelines of the regulator has enabled us to broaden our product offering in a 
structured manner.  
We have introduced consumption loans, catering to the household and personal financing needs 
and income generating loans designed for small business and livelihood purpose, allowing us to 
serve the differing needs of our borrower base more effectively. Each of these products operate 
within defined guardrails on LTV, tenure and customer eligibility.  
These are new regulations requiring credit assessment of the borrowers will improve our 
customer due diligence, resulting in lower delinquencies, cross -selling of other products to our 
customers, thereby improving their wallet share. Co -lending partnerships have added a further 
origination channel, extending our reach to geographies where we have limited presence.  
We also continue to invest in digital capability, analytics and process efficiencies, which are 
enhancing customer experience, improving turnaround time and driving productivity gains 
across our branch network. Asirvad Microfinance continue to operate in a cautious environment 
during Q4 FY '26. The strategic actions we initiated over the past few quarters, including tighter 
===== [PDF PAGE 4] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
underwriting, calibrated disbursements, strengthened collections and geographical optimization 
are beginning to yield gradual improvements.  
We expect the business to stabilize progressively with a sharper focus on sustainable growth and 
improved risk-adjusted returns. Across vehicle finance, the MSME and the allied lending and 
affordable housing finance, we are pursuing a calibrated growth str ategy that prioritizes risk -
adjusted returns over volumes. Underwriting standards have been tightened, exposure in select 
segments have been moderated, and the collection infrastructure have been strengthened.  
These segments witnessed a moderation in portfolio levels, reflecting a calibrated approach that 
prioritizes portfolio quality and profitability over aggressive expansion. Asset quality continues 
to remain the key focus area. Consolidated GNPA stood at 2.1 4%. Provision coverage ratio 
remained at 27.34%. While stress persists in certain portfolios, our secured book continues to 
perform strongly.  
Our balance sheet remains healthy. Capital adequacy at 21.3%, well above the regulatory 
requirements. Strong equity position with diversified funding sources across banks, capital 
markets and securitization. We continue to maintain a conservative positioni ng stance and 
closely monitor early warning indications across businesses.  
As we enter FY '27, our strategic priorities remain clear. Strengthened leadership in gold loans 
through scale, technology and customer -centric innovation. Accelerate stabilization of 
microfinance and other micro -lending segments with a strong focus on asset quality. We 
maintain balance sheet strength with a disciplined capital and liquidity management. Enhance 
operational efficiency through digital adoption and analytics. Continue proactive regulatory 
engagement and uphold best-in-class governance standards.  
While near-term challenges persist in certain segments, we remain confident in the long -term 
structural opportunity in secured lending, particularly gold loans. With our strong brand, 
extensive distribution network and disciplined execution, we are well po sitioned to deliver 
sustainable growth. I would like to thank our employees for their dedication, our customers for 
their continued trust and our investors for their unwavering support.  
We remain focused on building a resilient, future -ready franchise while delivering long -term 
value to all stakeholders. With that, I will now hand over the call to our Group CFO; Mr. 
Buvanesh Tharashankar, for detailed financial performance statement. Afte r we will be happy 
to take your questions. Thank you. 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: Thank you, Nandakumar. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for the discussion 
on our financial results for the last quarter and year ended March 31, 2026.  
Our consolidated AUM for Q4 '26 was INR63,798 crores, up 22.4% sequentially and higher by 
48.3% year-on-year. Gold continued to be our key growth driver with an AUM of INR50,953 
crores up 31.5% quarter -on-quarter and higher by 99.1% year -on-year, supported by the gold 
price and strong customer demand.  
===== [PDF PAGE 5] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Gold loan business constitutes 80% of the consolidated AUM versus 59% in the prior year. 
Consolidated PAT before OCI and minority interests was INR405 crores for quarter 4, which 
was up by almost 70% quarter -on-quarter. For FY '26, our consolidated PAT before OCI and 
minority interest was at INR993 crores, down 17.5% year-on-year.  
Coming to the standalone business.  
Our stand-alone AUM, MAFIL, for Q4 FY '26 was at INR55,952 crores, up 26.6% sequentially 
and 69.4% year -on-year. Gold loan AUM in stand -alone business was INR48,814 crores, up 
31.4% quarter-on-quarter and higher by 98% year-on-year. Gold constitutes 87.2% of our stand-
alone AUM versus 75% in the prior year.  
For the quarter, our stand -alone PAT before OCI and minority interest was at INR376 crores, 
marginally down 1.5% sequentially and were 9.4% year-on-year. Stand -alone PAT included 
impact of a onetime write-off on vehicle loans amounting to INR84 crores.  
For the year, our stand-alone PAT before OCI was INR1,525 crores, down 14.5% year-on-year. 
Stand-alone GNPA as on 31st March 2026 was at 1.81% versus 2.61% during the previous 
quarter and the credit cost in the stand-alone entity for the quarter was 1.2%.  
Stand-alone borrowing cost has gone down by 17 bps in Q4 FY '26.  
Coming to the gold loan business.  
During the quarter, we were able to add 3.16 lakh new customers and outstanding number of 
customers stood at 25.2 lakhs. Tonnage grew by 3.82 tons in Q4. Our average gold loan LTV 
was at 57% in Q4 FY '26, and the online gold loan book accounts for 92% of our total gold loan 
book.  
Coming to the microfinance business 
Some positive trends emerging in Q4. There was a growth in the MFI AUM of INR176 crores 
during the quarter. Disbursements closed at INR1,086 crores versus INR680 crores in the prior 
quarter. And the new book constitutes approximately 55% of the MFI portfolio as of March end.  
Asirvad AUMs stands at INR6,794 crores, which includes gold loan AUM of INR2,139 crores, 
up 11.9% quarter -on-quarter and down by about 17% year -on-year. PAT before OCI was at 
INR13 crores in Q4 FY '26 versus loss of INR156 crores in Q3 FY '26. Adjusted for one-offs, 
losses were flat quarter-on-quarter. GNPA is at 4.85% with net NPA at 1.6%, down sequentially 
versus the prior quarter. Asirvad CRAR currently stands at 20.2%.  
Coming to the vehicle finance business.  
In vehicle finance business, we have reported an AUM of INR2,991 crores, it's down 16.8% 
quarter-on-quarter and 37.3% year -on-year. The focus is to strengthen collections through 
several actions  including having separate collections teams handling soft and hard buckets, 
focus on digital reminders, improve match clearance and focus on match bounce collections to 
improve current bucket resolutions.  
===== [PDF PAGE 6] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Total GNPA showed a slight improvement sequentially. GNPA percentage AUM was at 10.4% 
versus 13.7% in the prior quarter.  
Loans to MSME and allied businesses stood at INR3,351 crores with a disbursement of INR254 
crores  in Q4, and GNPA was at 7.1% versus 6.1% in the earlier quarter.  
The home loan business with a total book of INR1,852 crores was down 2.6% quarter-on-quarter 
but higher year-on-year by about 1.5%.  
The Board has declared an interim dividend of INR0.50 for this quarter. The company is well 
capitalized with a capital adequacy ratio of 21.32%, and consolidated net worth stood at 
INR16,051 crores as at March 31, 2026. Book value per share stood at INR170.9. We can now 
go for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. First question 
is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA.  
Piran Engineer: My first question is for Bindu. Out of the INR215 crore s stand-alone provision, how much of 
gold versus non-gold? Can you break that up, please? 
Bindu A.L.: Okay. So I'll share the exact details separately, but majority of it is from non-gold only. In that, 
if you see the notes to accounts almost INR136 crores is the write -off of the vehicle finance 
book. So that has elevated the bad debts in this quarter. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. You said INR136 crores write-off? 
Bindu A.L.: INR136 crores. 
Piran Engineer: Okay, because I think in the opening comments, I heard INR84 crores one-time write-off or was 
it INR84 crores is one-time and INR50 crores is business as usual? Is that the interpretation? 
Bindu A.L.: Out of INR136 crores, INR84 crores is net of provision. 
Piran Engineer: Okay, okay. Net of provision. Okay, understood. Secondly, when you all disclose your gold loan 
average ticket size of INR1.27 lakhs, that's on disbursements or on AUMs? 
Bindu A.L.: AUMs. 
Piran Engineer: AUM. Okay. Fair enough. And just thirdly, I wanted to understand this LTV thing. Now gold 
prices are up 8%- 9% Q-o-Q . Your tonnage growth is 6%- 7% Q-o-Q. So if my LTV is stable, 
AUM growth should be 14%- 15% Q-o-Q, not 30%. So what am I missing here? Has the LTV 
gone up? Or what's wrong in the calculation here. 
Bindu A.L.: So the gold price increase is around 20% during the quarter and 8% -- 7% tonnage growth and 
the total growth is 31%. 
Piran Engineer: Sorry, I think from, 31st December to 31st March, you are saying 20% gold loan growth. 
Bindu A.L.: Gold price. 
===== [PDF PAGE 7] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Piran Engineer: Gold price, yes. Are you taking an average of some periods? 
Bindu A.L.: This is on an actual basis. Average, the actual gold loan price has gone up by 20%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line on Zhixuan Gao from Schonfeld. 
Zhixuan Gao: I just wanted to understand how should we look at profitability versus growth? Because if I look 
at either Q-on-Q or year-on-year, our AUM on a stand -alone basis have grown materially and 
then the profit is down Q-on-Q and year-on-year. So despite a 70% year-on-year AUM growth, 
our profit is down year-over-year. How should we think about, the trade-off between growth and 
profitability going forward? 
Bindu A.L.: If you see the P&L, the NIM improved during the quarter. But the main impact is on account of 
higher provisions, especially from the non-gold portfolio. That impacts profitability. Otherwise, 
if we adjust this one-time write-off, our profit would have been INR430 crores. 
Zhixuan Gao: And on the Asirvad , this quarter our credit cost is almost a minimum. How should we think 
about the credit cost  for FY '27? 
Management: Yes. So the credit cost has improved primarily on account of enhanced collection efficiencies, 
and it's also been complemented with an increase in our book. As in the opening remarks, you 
would have heard that the rundown is reduced from how it was going in the previous 3 quarters, 
last quarter will increase our book and simultaneously increased our collection efficiencies. That 
way we've had our credit cost in control. 
Bindu A.L.: And to add... 
Zhixuan Gao: How should we think about FY '27? Because I don't know whether the fourth quarter credit cost 
is your sustainable level because it's almost close to... 
Management: Yes, completely sustainable. 
Zhixuan Gao: Okay. And I just want to understand, why there are positive ECL revision change in the fourth 
quarter for Asirvad, given that generally in the industry, we see negative ECL revision model 
change because of the tough environment in the trailing 12 months? 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: So I'll take that. So Asirvad Q4 profit  of  INR 13 crore I mean the provision was about , INR9 
crores was largely on account of certain MTM credits that we got on the security receipts. And 
the change in terms of the ECL provisioning that we took on the new pool. Because the new 
pool is performing significantly better then our best performing cohorts that we had in our 
portfolio. And basically, therefore, we took a write -back on the provisions, especially on the 
new pool. So the impact of the MTM change and the ECL  contributed to a much lower 
provisioning in the fourth quarter. 
Zhixuan Gao: How much is the MTM change plus ECL provision altogether? 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: So MTM plus the ECL change on a pretax basis is about INR128 crores. Post-tax, it would be 
about INR96 crores. So sequentially, if you look at quarter 3 versus quarter 4, and given that 
===== [PDF PAGE 8] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
there was some noise in Q3 as well, adjusted PAT for Asirvad Q3 versus Q4 was approximately 
around INR100 crores loss sequentially Q-on-Q. 
Zhixuan Gao: That's very clear. And sir, just one last question on that. On the previous quarter, third quarter 
slide, your impairment of financial instruments or the provision cost on Asirvad was INR214 
crores, sorry INR217 crores. It seems to become INR249 crores on the slide for the fourth 
quarter. Just want to understand the difference? 
Bindu A.L.: Yes, we will get back to you. 
Zhixuan Gao: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. Please proceed. 
Shreepal Doshi: Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. My question 
firstly was on the MFI portfolio. So, in that segment, what is the current bucket collection 
efficiency and also wanted to understand what is the ECL 1, 2, and 3?  While we do give gross 
stage 1, 2, 3 for that franchise, but also wanted to know the ECL 1, 2, 3 percentages? 
Management: For the Stage 1, the ECL is at 1.47%. For Stage 2, it is 19.24%. And for Stage 3, it is 68.50%. 
Shreepal Doshi: Okay, got it.  And what is the current bucket collection efficiency for the franchise or for the 
microfinance portfolio? 
Management: So, overall, for both the new book and the old book put together, it stands at 95%. That's for the 
old and the new book put together. If you look at the new book collection efficiency alone, which 
in the opening remarks, it was said it was at 59%, which is  the current old book, we have an 
astounding percentage of 99.41%, which is the collection efficiency in the new book. 
Shreepal Doshi: In new book, you said it's closer to 59% of the portfolio. 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: That is right. Yes, new book is 59% and old book is 41%. 
Shreepal Doshi: Got it. Got it, sir. The other question, sir, was on the gold portfolio. So in that now we have this 
LTV monitoring as a new regulation, as a requirement of the new regulation. So what are the 
changes have been made to either to that guideline? 
Bindu A.L.: The new regulation applicable from April 1, 2026, and we are adhering to the regulation, based 
on ticket size interest accrued for the contracted period will also be added. That will be the loan 
amount, and there are two types of loans, consumption loans and income generating. And there 
will be a credit assessment in case of high-value borrowers. So we have implemented this since 
April 1, 2026. 
Shreepal Doshi: And for the customer who is highlighting that he will be making a bullet repayment. In that case, 
what is the LTV that we are sort of giving at the time of disbursement? 
===== [PDF PAGE 9] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Bindu A.L.: There has been a reduction in the LTV because under the new regulation, we have to factor the 
interest accrued. And it is option to choose the tenure, if his preference is a better LTV, he can 
choose shorter tenure products also. 
Shreepal Doshi: Sorry, he can choose, the last point? 
Bindu A.L.: Sir, 3-month scheme or 6-month scheme is also available. 
Shreepal Doshi: Okay. Got it. And what is the incremental yield for the gold business? Because we continue to 
see that the net yield for the portfolio or for the stand -alone business has been coming off. So 
have we further taken  change in price strategy downward? 
Bindu A.L.: The last quarter, there was a dip, almost 100 basis points. But with that, I think it is the bottom. 
And this quarter, it will be similar or slightly better. 
Shreepal Doshi: All right. So incrementally, we have not taken any policy, any price strategy change, but at a 
book level that is where we are in terms of reduction? 
Bindu A.L.: Yes. 
Shreepal Doshi: Got it. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you so much for answering my question and good luck for the 
next quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit Ahuja from Lotuslion Venture.  Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Ahuja: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, could you clarify what's the quarterly profit or loss 
number for Asirvad? 
Bindu A.L.: In Q3, Asirvad reported INR156 crores loss and Q4 it is INR13 crores profit. I think the onetime 
adjustments or bonus are already explained. The new portfolio behavior is much better and the 
ECL is adjusted accordingly. And there was a write-back from the ARC evaluation. So, against 
INR249 crores Q3 impairment of financial instruments this quarter stands at INR9 crores. So 
that helped us to report a profit of INR13 crores for Asirvad in Q4. 
Rohit Ahuja: Okay. And if you could help us understand how much of this improvement is driven by structural 
factors like new book mix and collection efficiency versus any one-off reversals? How confident 
you are in sustaining profitability on this over the next few quarters? 
Bindu A.L.: Yes. As I explained, I'll just once again, give you a brief, I think this question will come up 
again. Our new book stands at 59% of our overall book and our old book is at 41%. The overall 
collection efficiency for the total book stands at 95%. And if I w ere to look at the old book 
separately and the new book separately in my ex -bucket for the old book, which is 41%. In the 
old book itself in ex -bucket is 98.65%. And in the new book, which is 59%, my ex -bucket 
collection efficiency stands at 99.83%. 
 If I were to take the overall collection efficiency from a new book, and the reason I want to talk 
about this new book again is because as I'm talking to you at every quarter, my increase in the 
===== [PDF PAGE 10] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
new book is going to go, such that by the beginning of the third quarter, I would have got rid of 
almost the entire set of old book, say, for about 10%, which might be remaining. 
 So from the third quarter, you're looking at an entire pristine book governed and timing with the 
MFIN guardrails and the collection efficiencies standing about 99.4% in the overall new book, 
this will reflect something similar in the entire book first 2 quarters as well. 
 So these are things which is going to be helping us in ensuring that our profits can be maintained, 
whilst ensuring that our disbursements also keep moving up. Our disbursements both in MFI 
and our AUM increase in gold, because that's something which we te nd to forget quite often 
because we have also a very good performing gold loan book in the Asirvad books. More than 
INR2,000 crores of my book is actually gold as well. 
 So those ups in my business in both gold and MFI will continue to help us in ensuring that our 
profits are maintained. With regards to our liquidity to ensure fund flows there because now the 
problem is not about building a book, the problem is also not ab out ensuring our collection 
efficiencies, proof of the pudding you've seen it already. Liquidity is by and large something 
which the industry will be talking about. 
 When recently announced CGFMU scheme, we have banks chasing us, asking us how much do 
you want us to lend to you in that particular CGFMU scheme. So at this moment, we are poised 
for choice. We will be choosing 2, 3 banks that we will want to ensure our li quidity is taking 
care of as well. 
Rohit Ahuja: Sir, last follow -up on this. So, do we expect on a consolidated basis, our ROEs improving to 
13% to 14% over the next 2 years? 
Bindu A.L.: If you look at the way the business is going, I wouldn't be able to give you a spot-on answer for 
that, but the trends definitely show good results. 
V.P. Nandakumar: So we are expecting the consolidated ROE to improve because gold, we are, reducing our opex.it 
was the last 1 year has come down by 2 percentage opex to AUM. So the borrowing costs, yes, 
at this stage is, as you have heard, last quarter it has come down by 17 basis points. And so we 
don't expect much increase in the overall borrowing costs and the yield is expected to remain at 
this level of also 17.5%,- 18%. 
 So the NIM, we expect to be maintained at this level will definitely improve the profitability. 
And gold continue to grow at more or less at the pace of better than last year now. So we expect 
to stabilize somewhere around 13% to 16% in the next 1 or 2 years' time. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: Sir, any thoughts or any steps taken to pull back the gold loan yield because I think we have seen 
a consistent fall in this quarter also we saw further fall. So have we taken any corrective actions 
in terms of slightly adjusting pricing from March, April onwards? And second is the mix of the 
gold loan book in terms of ticket size. 
===== [PDF PAGE 11] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 Can we control the mix so that we don't have further dilution of the yield? Can we have that 
control over how the incremental growth will compound in terms of the ticket size mix? So I'm 
just wanted to understand how the yield will play out based on the action that you're taking on 
the ground? 
V.P. Nandakumar: We expect the yield to remain between the 17.5%  - 18%. We believe that it will not go down. 
So the strategies are taken, shaped in such a way to maintain at this level. It will not go down. 
Rajiv Mehta: Because you are getting a lot of growth from the higher ticket sizes at the lower rate. So if you 
don't control that growth on the ground or if you don't rate increase the rate, how would the yield 
stay at the current level? 
V.P. Nandakumar: We are targeting the lower ticket size also, so it is improving. So the trends are even in the 
coming quarters, we'll see that trend redeems at this level. And what I can tell you what our 
expectation is the yield to somewhere stabilizing between the 17.5% to 18%. 
Rajiv Mehta: And on the asset quality in the non -gold businesses, just wanted to understand where are we in 
terms of the cleanup cycle? And are we seeing structural improvements ,especially in the vehicle 
finance book, if I were to remove the write-off of INR136 crores and still there the reduction of 
gross NPA. 
 So I mean, so can you just give some color about over and above write -off the NPA reduction 
that you have seen? Have you taken control of NPA resolution? Have the flows stopped in the 
intermediate buckets into NPA? Can you give that confidence? 
 And second is also in case of housing, we have seen a reduction in NPAs. Is there any structural 
factor there? And third is MSME and allied portfolios, we've seen an NPA increase. So how are 
we controlling the situation there? And would you need to do some write -off 1x in the coming 
quarters in MSME and allied portfolio just like what we did in vehicle finance in this quarter? 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: I'll take that. So as far as vehicles are concerned, we have taken the 1x write-off in this quarter. 
There are a number of steps that we have taken in the vehicle finance business in terms of 
focusing on collections. So one is in terms of the enhancements of the teams into soft bucket and 
hard bucket. 
 There is -- as I covered earlier also, there is a lot of focus on the digital route, especially on the 
follow-ups on the match collections and in terms of focus on the match bounce cases. So there's 
a lot of focus around that. Due to all these actions, whi ch were initiated sometime in Q3 of last 
year, we've seen a sustained improved trend. We see both in terms of the collection efficiencies 
and the collections on the match bounce cases going up from 75% to 90%. 
 So overall, as you've said, adjusting for the write -off also, there is a marginal decline as far as 
the GNPA is concerned by about INR51 crores. So as far as flow into NPA is concerned, what 
we have observed in the last few months is broadly flat. Our NPA, GNPA is broadly flat in terms 
of the overall stock. 
===== [PDF PAGE 12] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 Yes, from a percentage standpoint, obviously, there is amplification because my overall AUM 
is coming down. But the stock of NPA is essentially flat. There are further actions that we will 
take and that will kind of play itself out in the coming quarters. So that's as far as the vehicle 
finance is concerned. On the home portfolio, Rakesh? 
Rakesh Sharma: We continue to monitor the portfolio closely leveraging on early warning systems, data 
analytics. We have identified stress accounts sooner, and we are taking corrective steps to curtail 
that. We have intensified recovery efforts through dedicated team. We have also hired collection 
agencies in few locations and faster legal escalation, structured 1x settlement in difficult 
accounts wherever it's appropriate. We expect slippages to moderate over coming quarters with 
a gradual improvement in overall efficiency and asset quality. 
Rajiv Mehta: Similar action in allied portfolio? 
Buvanesh Tharashankar: So on the MSME and allied portfolio also, similar kind of actions are being initiated. We will 
see the results, the improvement in the numbers in the subsequent quarters. Again, in terms of 
enhanced collections team, there's a lot of focus in the non -gold portfolio with regards to the 
enhancement of the collection team and leveraging of the digital means to improve connection 
efficiencies. But the trends will play out. Early reads on these trends are very encouraging. 
They're moving in the right direction. So we will see sequential improvement as we see in the 
coming quarters. 
Rajiv Mehta: So then, I mean, if I were to look at this quarter's absolute credit cost, I mean, you had a benefit 
and you had a one time  impact of INR84 crores because of the write-off in the vehicle finance 
portfolio. But you also have the benefit of as a write -backs and some other kind of write -backs 
in the Asirvad portfolio, which is about INR120-odd crores. 
 But if I were to eliminate both, then would it mean that the current run rate of credit cost should 
be maintained, right, in Q1, Q2? And then of course, the growth of the book will obviously have 
its impact. But otherwise, it's a collection and recovery effort basis, the current run rate of credit 
costs should be maintained. 
V.P. Nandakumar: See, the way I would look at it, I mean, it depends on whether yo u're looking at consol or 
standalone MAFIL… 
Rajiv Mehta: No, consol net it of a number, yes, of all the one-offs. 
V.P. Nandakumar: I think for Q4 consol number if you look at yes, there were credit costs that we got on the Asirvad 
side. Offset by the build on the onetime write -off on the vehicle finance, largely cancelled out 
each other. So if you were to back out these 2 elements, adjusted PAT, we still had an 
improvement in our adjusted PAT by approximately INR50 crores quarter-on-quarter. And that 
was largely on account of the volume growth that we saw on MAFIL volume. 
Coming quarters one thing, what as Manoj had just alluded on in terms of the improved numbers 
and the change in the portfolio mix on old versus new on MAFIL. We will see continued 
improvement on the Asirvad portfolio. And we will see continued improvement in the non-gold 
portfolios as well. So overall, if you see sequentially, I think the cost of credit we will see an 
===== [PDF PAGE 13] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
improvement in the subsequent quarters. And that will basically help in terms of accretion as far 
as PAT is concerned. 
Moderator:  Next question is from the line of Kamal from Jeffries. 
Kamal: I just wanted to confirm that, is there any restatement done in the interest income line? Because 
if I'm comparing the same with release of December, I can see some INR100 crores restatement 
done for Q3. So could you please advise on the same? 
V.P. Nandakumar: Bindu? 
Bindu A.L.: So you're talking about the consol financials? 
Kamal: Yes, consol financials. So in the Q4 release, I'm able to see the interest income as INR2,304 
crores. But in the last quarter's release, it's roughly INR2,244 crores. So there is some difference 
which I'm able to see. So is there some restatement being done? 
Bindu A.L.: Yes. I will share the exact details offline, but there is some regrouping. 
Kamal: Okay. And secondly, if you could just guide on the overall consol AUM growth, which we are 
planning for FY '27. And how much would be driven by different segments like how much 
should we expect from gold loan? And how should we see the Asirvad AUM growth for FY '27? 
V.P. Nandakumar: We are seeing good opportunities to grow gold loan because now with the new regulation, 2 
types of products, consumption loan as well as income generating gold loan. Income generating 
gold loans are targeted towards MSMEs etcetera. Which give a good opportunity where there is 
no LTV cap for good customers with good underwriting, higher score etcetera, certain 
underwriting score etcetera. 
We'll be able to offer slightly higher LTV. Another scope for this year would be to expand our 
branch network. We planned because recently the regulation has removed the requirement of 
prior approval for regulatory approval for opening new branches that has been removed now. So 
we plan to open some 500 to 550 branches in gold loan during this year. So that's how  places 
have been identified where the group prospects are good. 
So this also will be a boost for the gold loan growth. Regarding our other portfolios already the 
CEO has already explained the growth in the microfinance already it has been mentioned by 
Manoj. The quality disbursals with guardrails, it is steadily improving. Where the asset quality 
collection for this new book is steadily increasing, which has come to now 59% in another 1 
quarter. 
Manoj's expectation is that frankly is 75%. In that the collection efficiency stands above 99% 
and hope to maintain that with the guardrails, etcetera. There's definitely new scope for 
improving that. As Rakesh also said, some actions have taken for shifting from the micro home 
to the larger ticket affordable housing. 
The teams have been onboarded for businesseswith the shift in the focus area of lending, where 
the asset quality suspected to be good. So with all these, we expect the overall consol AUM to 
===== [PDF PAGE 14] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
grow at a reasonably good level. We expect that to be maintained more than during the current 
year with regard to volume. That is our expectation. 
Kamal: I'll take the details of the restatement offline, from you. 
Bindu A.L.: Sure. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Hardik Dara from Growmore Credit Advisors. 
Hardik Dara: Just wanted to understand going forward guidance in terms of AUM growth, AUM mix? And 
what are the ROA. ROA profiles that we are targeting for the next 2 years? 
V.P. Nandakumar: So that is already a step forward, with the opportunities with our new gold lending norms, 
etcetera, new products are coming in. So we will place our products. We are opening new 
branches also. About microfinance also, the asset quality is steadily improving. Their gold loan 
portfolio is also improving. We are also targeting more and more quality. Similarly, with the 
product shift, etcetera, home finance also is suspected to fare well. 
So as I said, this year's volume growth in gold loan growth is expected to be more than what we 
have achieved during last year. And for other products also as our new phase has come new 
leadership has taken the charge. So who have the expertise for quite a long number of years in 
leading large companies, etcetera. So we expect that growth to be good. We don't give any 
number, but we expect that to be good. 
Hardik Dara: And sir, any number for the FY '28 ROA, ROE that we are targeting? 
V.P. Nandakumar: We are targeting over 15% for ROE. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. 
Prithviraj Patil: I just had one question. I just wanted to know the Auction number for this particular quarter? 
V.P. Nandakumar: About INR29 crores. 
Bindu A.L.: INR15 crores during the quarter. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Agam from Aagam Investments 
Agam: Sir, you mentioned 1 point that new leadership has come in, so can you talk about that? Which 
areas as we have new persons have come in? And also, the second question is on the status of 
Deepak Reddy. is planning to join in earlier? Or how is it if you can just on that also, so two 
things? 
V.P. Nandakumar: Deepak Reddy is undergoing treatment in Singapore. So yes, we are not sure when he will join, 
but his health is improving. But we are not able to say when the exact time of his joining. So , 
regarding the leadership team, new leadership, etcetera, in Microfinance, Manoj Pasangha has 
taken the charge as the CEO. 
===== [PDF PAGE 15] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 Similarly in Home Finance Mr. Rakesh Sharma has taken the charge. So , they have long 
experience in running large portfolios, etcetera. The actions taken by Manoj is the positive 
results are already evident. And he has taken the charge three months back. In the next 1 year, 
you can expect dramatic change, similarly –Rakesh Sharma  in leading Manappuram Home 
Finance. 
Agam: Okay. And anyone else? Are we also considering if Deepak Reddy ’s replacement if his joining 
will be  delayed further? 
V.P. Nandakumar: At the Group level, Buvanesh has joined as a Group CFO. Similarly, Ashish has joined as the 
Group CCO. There is a Sanjay Nambiar as the Group Legal Counsel. Then Srikanth as the COO. 
And we expect some more leadership to join for the positions of H ead of Internal Audit and 
Head of Risk, etcetera. Collection Head has joined in Manappuram Home Finance. And CTO 
also have joined. So, these are all senior leadership who has proven their terminal capabilities, 
leadership in their previous organizations. 
Agam: Okay. And just last question. If Deepak Reddy appointment gets comeback gets delayed, so are 
we looking at anyone else fulfilling the role or something like that? Just to break it through. 
V.P. Nandakumar: No, we will wait for his return and see his health is improving. And also, he will be able to take 
up the charge. We are hopeful that he'll be in the  healthy situation to take  the charge of the 
company. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yash B handari from Neo Markets. The line from 
the current questioner have got disconnected. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will end the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
V. P. Nandakumar: Thank you for your questions. I hope we have answered your questions. If any clarification, any 
details required, so we are available. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. On behalf of Manappuram Finance and Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 