
===== [PDF PAGE 1] =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference No.: SEC/SE/86/2025-26 
Date: August 13, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
 Scrip Code: 531213 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: MANAPPURAM 
India International Exchange (IFSC) 
Ltd 
1st Floor, Unit No. 101, The Signature, 
Building no. 13B, Road 1C, Zone 1, 
GIFT SEZ, GIFT City, Gandhinagar, 
Gujarat – 382355 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Subj: Concall Transcript of Q1 FY 2026 Results Conference Call held on August 8, 2025 
 
With reference to the above, kindly note that the transcript of Q1 FY 2026 Results Conference 
Call held on August 8, 2025 , has been uploaded on the website of the company:  
www.manappuram.com and is made available at the below link: - 
 
https://www.manappuram.com/investor-call 
 
 
 
You are requested to kindly note the same. 
 
This is for your information. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Manoj Kumar VR 
Company Secretary 
 
Enclosure: as above 
 
 
===== [PDF PAGE 2] =====
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Manappuram Finance Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
            
MANAGEMENT: MR. V. P. NANDAKUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 DR. SUMITHA NANDAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 MR. DEEPAK REDDY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 MS. BINDU A.L. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 MR. RAJU NARAYANAN – BUSINESS HEAD – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 DR. ROY VARGHESE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 MR. RAJESH NAMBOODIRIPAD– CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 MR. KAMAL PARMAR – HEAD, VEHICLE AND 
EQUIPMENT FINANCE – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 MR. SUVEEN P. S. – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MANNAPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 MR. ROBIN KARUVELY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANNAPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 DR. SHAILESH J. MEHTA – CHAIRMAN, INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR – MANNAPURAM HOME FINANCE 
  
MODERATOR: MR. SANKET CHHEDA – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED  
 

===== [PDF PAGE 3] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Manappuram Finance Q1 FY '26 
Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen -only mode and there  will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanket Chheda: Yes. Hello, and very good evening to all of you. We have with us the entire management team 
of Manappuram Finance to discuss their Q1 FY '26 results. Starting with Mr. V. P. Nandakumar, 
MD; Sumitha Nandan, ED; Mr. Deepak Reddy sir who has joined as CEO; Ms. Bindu A.L., who 
is the CFO; Raju Narayanan, Business Head; Dr. Roy Varghese, who is CEO of Asirvad 
Microfinance; Mr. Rajesh, who is CFO; Mr. Kamal Parmar, who is Head of Vehicle and 
Equipment Finance; Mr. Suveen P. S., who is the CEO, Manappuram Home Finance; Robin 
Karuvely, CFO, Manappuram Home Finance. 
 Without further ado, I will hand the call over to Mr. V. P. Nandakumar and then Mr. Deepak 
Reddy sir for their opening remarks. We'll follow that up with Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
V. P. Nandakumar: Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us on this earnings 
call. It is an honor to connect with you as we share a comprehensive overview of our financial 
and operational results for the first quarter of fiscal 2026. We value your ongoing engagement 
and support as we reflect our performance and outline our strategic priorities moving forward. 
 Today, we would also like to share a snapshot of the gold loan and microfinance industries in 
India and the Manappuram Finance standing in that. We will also address the effect of recent 
regulatory changes and macroeconomic headwinds on the industry. 
 At the outset, I would welcome Mr. Deepak Reddy as the new CEO of Manappuram Finance. 
He brings with him over 3 decades of extensive experience in leading diverse business verticals 
and managing human capital across prominent financial institutions. 
 As CEO, he will be responsible for steering Manappuram Finance through the next phase of 
growth and innovation. This includes strengthening the company's core businesses of gold loans, 
vehicle loans, hou sing finance and digital lending, while enhancing organization culture, 
leadership governance and customer centricity. 
 Let me provide an overview of the macroeconomic scenario. Global growth is expected to 
remain steady at 3% in 2025, supported by easing inflation, a weaker U.S. dollar and fiscal 
support in major economies. However, macroeconomic risk persist in terms of unresolved trade 
tensions, geopolitical tensions, region conflict which would undermine the growth projection. 
 In India, economic activi ty in India is showing a trend, driven by a prudent  recovery, urban 
spending and stronger credit transmission and is on track to meet the projected GDP growth of 
===== [PDF PAGE 4] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
2.5%. Inflation is to a 6 year low, until earlier RBI cut the rate and CRR in the last 2 months to 
boost liquidity and support consumption. 
 The recent U.S. tariff announcements on Indian imports is expected to pose limited GDP impact, 
but add to external uncertainty keeping INR under pressure until trade clarity come out. Gi ven 
this backdrop, credit growth is expected to improve further as lower interest rates and better 
system liquidity for lending across retail, MSME and microfinance segment and we remain 
optimistic on the evolving macroeconomic scenario. 
 Let me start with  an overview of our financial performance. Manappuram Finance on a 
standalone basis, recorded a revenue of INR1,744.5 crores marking a quarter-on-quarter growth 
of 0.2%. And standalone earned a PAT INR392.1 crores against a PAT of INR 414.4 crores in 
Q4 FY '25. 
 The consolidated company revenue in Q1 stood at INR2,265 crores compared to INR2,329 
crores of the previous quarter. Our consolidated profit after tax before other comprehensive 
income and minority interests for the quarter stood at INR132.5 crores, compared to the loss of 
INR203.2 crores of the previous quarter. 
 For Q1 FY '25,'26, the Board has declared an interim dividend of INR0.50. Profitability of the 
consolidated company impacted mainly on account of stress in the microfinance sector. Our gold 
loan business remains a core strength of our portfolio, delivering consistent margins and 
stability. We proposed to increase the gold loan portfolio at a consolidated level of 75% of total 
loan portfolio in a phased manner. 
 To attract more borrowers, we have introduced various go ld loan schemes at comprehensive 
prices to drive our gold loan strategy. We also in the augment additional gold loan consolidated 
through Asirvad leveraging the relaxations in the qualifying asset criteria of MFI. The proportion 
of gold lending will increase further the share of our gold loan on the consolidated AUM as well 
as our interest  income. 
 We continue to strengthen our governance structure to ensure compliances with the regulations 
and provide better customer sa tisfaction. Along with increasing the share of gold loan in the 
portfolio, we plan to grow our housing loans, secure the MSME lending business and 
commercial vehicle and auto loan portfolios in a prudent manner within an overall ceiling of 
90%. 
 Gradual decline of microfinance portfolio in the consolidated company will be reduced to 10%. 
Our statutory and regulatory guidelines are favorable for the sustenance and growth of NBFCs 
in general. The recent regulatory guidelines on gold loan is expected to provid e a level playing 
field for all regulated entities. The latest harmonized RBI guidelines on co-lending will bring in 
harmony between the banks and the NBFCs who are operating at a grassroot level. 
 Moreover, Manappuram Finance now has started leveraging Bain Capital's extensive expertise 
in financial services within India. Alongside our impressive platform, the Bain Capital 
Investment will be aimed at facilitating the growth of all our non -banking financial se rvices 
business. Dr. Shailesh J. Mehta, Chairman, Independent Director, will be completing 2 terms as 
===== [PDF PAGE 5] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
per the provisions of the Company's Act 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulat ions effective of 27 
August, 2025. Accordingly, Board at today's meeting decided to appoint Mr. V. P. Nandakumar, 
MD, as the Chairman with effect from August 28, 2025. 
 Now I invite Mr. Deepak Reddy, CEO, to s ay a few words and thereafter M s. Bindu  A. L., 
President and CFO, to provide a more comprehensive review of our financial performance, 
including detailed segment analysis of the quality metrics and key financial pursuits. 
 Thank you for your attention, and we look forward to addressing your que stions during Q&A 
session. Thank you. 
Deepak Reddy: Thank you, Chairman, and good evening to all of you. It's indeed a privilege to be speaking to 
you all and thank you for joining this call. It's been only a few days since I joined the Company 
and hence i t will be premature for me to comment on company ’s performance, current or go 
forward strategy or to give any sort of guidance. You can expect that from me in the quarters to 
come. 
 Having said that, I must state that I feel privileged to lead the company into its next phase of 
evolution and growth. This feeling has only grown stronger since I formally joined the company 
last Friday. I'm very excited and confident of future performance and  possibilities of the 
company. 
 At this stage, I can only state that you can expect me to run a transparent and forward -looking 
company that is growth-oriented and with a strong culture of risk prudence, operating rigor and 
managed by strong and enthusiastic teams. 
 Thank you all very much, and I look forward to interacting  with all of you going forward and 
also looking forward to all your support. Thank you. And once again, thank you for joining this 
call. 
Bindu A. L.: Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Coming to the key highlights of our 
operational performance across the businesses. Gold loan portfolio remains our core strength, 
accounting for 65% of consolidated AUM compared to 59.5% in Q4 FY '25. Consolidated AUM 
stood at INR2,802 crores, Q -on-Q growth of 12.6% and 21.8% Y -o-Y in spite of heightened 
competition. 
 We added 3.58 lakh new customers during the quarter, bringing the total active customer base 
to 25.9 lakhs. Average LTV at 57% and 85% of the loan book now sourced through online gold 
loan platform. Our standalone PAT for the quarter was INR392 crores versus INR414 crores on 
account of lower income mainly from the non-gold businesses. AUM for Asirvad including gold 
loans of INR1,111 crores stood at INR6,705 crores, which is down by 18% sequentially and 
45% Y-o-Y. 
 As you are aware, the microfinance sector experienced a considerable stress primarily due to the 
increased borrower defaults from over leverage and led to higher credit costs. This negatively 
impacted the profitability. Asirvad posted a loss of INR267 crores in Q1 compared to a loss of 
===== [PDF PAGE 6] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
INR624 crores in Q4 FY '25. The net NPA at 1.4% that is INR84 crores compared to INR177 
crores in Q4 and the CRAR at 23.6%. 
 Our vehicle finance AUM at INR4,492 crores, which represents a decline of 5.9% Q-on-Q and 
up by 1.1 percentage Y -o-Y. Considering the asset quality challenges, especially from the 2 -
wheeler and farm segment, we tightened the underwriting with low  disbursement, the GNPA 
increased to 9.2% as on 30 June 2025. 
 The home loan portfolio reached INR1,901 crores, reflecting a growth of 4.3% Q -on-Q and 
19.8% Y-o-Y increase. This business operates from 89 branches and reported a profit of INR7 
crores during the quarter with a GNPA of 2.87%. 
 Loans to MSME and allied sectors stood at INR3,105 crores with a disbursement of INR346 
crores. For Q1 FY 2026, our consolidated AUM stood at INR44,304 crores, reflecting a 
sequential growth of 3% and 1.4% decline on a Y-o-Y basis. Consolidated PAT INR132 crores, 
an increase of 165% over the previous quarter and a decline of 76% Y -o-Y. Capital position 
remains strong at CRAR of 28.7% and the net worth at INR12,504 crores. 
 Book value per share stood at INR147.7, ROA of 3.8% on the standalone AUM and the leverage 
remains conservative at 2.5x. Standalone GNPA at 3%. And the liquidity position as on 30th 
June, INR4,047 crores with undrawn bank lines of INR3,220 crores. During the quarter, we have 
seen a minor decline in the cost of borrowings by 2 basis points. 
 Thank you. Thank you once again for your continued support and confidence. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session . We have first 
question from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: The first question is that in the gold loan space, we have seen good growth Q-o-Q. But I see that 
our yields have dropped from, say, 22% to, say, 20.5%. So is this like a conscious strategy? Or 
is it because of competition? Or if you can just give some idea on what's happened here? 
V. P. Nandakumar: It's a conscious strategy to bring it on par with leading players in the NBFC industry slowly. So 
that is yielding results. And that is not as per our assessment that is not going to impact our gold 
loan income during the curr ent year because of the depression yield. Depression yield will be 
compensated by the growth. So in the coming quarters, it will be reflected in the results. 
Digant Haria: Got it. And just like we are at 20.5%, maybe 200 bps more versus competition, we  are higher. 
So you're saying that we'll eventually reach that 18%, 19%, which the general market, right? 
V. P. Nandakumar: Definitely, with the growth slowly, we are bringing down we are trying to protect our budgeted 
income from gold loan also parallelly. 
Digant Haria: Right, okay. Sir, and second is on the microfinance. Have we seen the worst or maybe 1 or 2 
more quarters of pain because some states are doing okay, some states are still not doing okay. 
===== [PDF PAGE 7] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: In the last con call, last quarter  also, I told you the worst is over. Now things are coming back. 
And we are hoping things will improve towards the last quarter, should turn green that is our 
expectation. 
Digant Haria: Okay. So losses would be dropped in Asirvad, right, from next quart er or like losses in 
microfinance, sir, losses in microfinance. 
V. P. Nandakumar: It will come down, definitely. It is coming down. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: I have 3 ques tions. My first question is on the gold loan book. So we had indicated in the last 
quarter itself that we are cutting rates so that we can acquire more customers, particularly in the 
high ticket size. Now the customer count growth has been fairly limited. 
 Majority of the AUM growth has come from higher ticket size. So have we just cut lending rates 
in the higher ticket size or is it across bucket cutting rates, is it not helping us acquire more 
customers? Because one would have expected the volume growth also to be contributing to the 
overall AUM growth. That's my first question. 
 My second question is on the MFI book, Asirvad book. So I understand we've been -- we want 
to make this book 10% of our overall mix and all that. But somehow your customer count for 
the past 2 quarters has been revised downwards. Can you help us understand that what has been 
the reason for that? 
 And my third question is obviously on what -- on the deal, what all approvals are left? Any 
update that you can give us on that would be useful? 
V. P. Nandakumar: First question about gold loan, the customer growth because we have started reducing the rates. 
We plan to reduce across the board gradually in a very calibrated manner. So gradually, you will 
see the volume growth also, customer count also , because communication in the community 
takes little time. So the first response comes from the existing customers and some high holding 
customers. So slowly, you will see this action resulting in better loan growth in the coming 
quarters. 
 Regarding MFI book, yes, we are strictly following the guardrail set by SROs. Initially, we have 
improved our systems and syst ems completely in place, computer systems, it took some time. 
So gradually, the business is increasing and we are very tight in underwriting as I have 
mentioned. 
 Regarding the Bain deal, it is progressing smoothly as expected. CCI approval is already we got 
and next, we are expecting the NSE /BSE approval, we expect maybe through in fortnight. So 
also the most important approval from the principal regulator RBI that is expected within another 
one month. Everything is going smoothly. 
===== [PDF PAGE 8] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Shreya Shivani: Got it, sir. This is very useful. Just a follow -up, the MFI customer count you said because you 
have upgraded your computer system, that's why there has been an update to the earlier count. 
Is that the reason -- is that what you…? 
V. P. Nandakumar: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kushan Parikh from Morgan Stanley. 
Kushan Parikh: So just to harp on the previous participant's question. We have -- in the past, we have not seen 
for ourselves or for the industry that cutting prices -- cutting lending rates has helped gold loan 
growth. Just wanted to understand why are we more confident of getting growth by cutting yields 
this time around? 
 And secondly, if you could just share the gold loan yields for 1Q and the gold loan auctions as 
well. And lastly, if you could provide some guidance towards the trajectory of credit cost 
moderation and accrual, that would be helpful? Yes. Those are the questions from my side. 
V. P. Nandakumar: So gold loan cutting price, we have been doing consistently. So we want to map that to the 
market along with the leading players in the NBFC industry. So we are doing it gradu ally, as I 
said, in a calibrated manner ensuring that the projected income from gold loan is also achieved 
with even though the yield reduction is there. 
 So it is done in a phased manner, piloting at various places and seeing success, it is slowly getting 
expanded. To give wider publicity, we are using social media and better CRMs, etcetera. So the 
results will be available in the coming quarters. The NPAs are showing reduction as you see in 
that. The tempo is getting slowly improved. So also quality disbursals with stringent 
underwriting using the SRO guidelines, etcetera, that is already implemented. 
 So the collections are improving slowly. So you will see the better results in the coming quarters 
and we hope towards the end of th is year, the last quarter, we'll be able to turn around. And to 
share some… 
Bindu A. L.: Auctions during the quarter, INR51 crores. 
Kushan Parikh: And the goal loan yield for the quarter? 
Bindu A. L.: 20.7%. Average yield of 20.7%. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Bindu ma'am, you just said gold loan yields of 20.7% in 1Q. If you could also remind us what 
was the yield in the fourth quarter? And the related question here, so while Nandakumar sir said 
that the idea is to bring down the gold lending rates to be on par with the leading gold NBFC 
players, right?  
So I think today, the leading gold NBFC players are all at around 17.5%, 18%. So are we saying 
that over a period of t ime, our gold loan yields will also gravitate towards 18%? If the answer 
===== [PDF PAGE 9] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
is, yes, over what period, over how many quarters can we expect this gold loan yield to gravitate 
towards that 18%? 
V. P. Nandakumar: So we are planning to bring similar to the market  in a phased manner. So in around 6 quarters 
we are planning and we are expecting the yield reduction matching the growth will not impact 
our budgeted income from the gold loan with the current year. So that's why I repeatedly telling 
this is done in a very calibrated manner.  
What is the impact on the projected income and actual income realized income, what is it going 
to be? On the basis of that, the reduction is happening slowly. So I hope in 4 to 6 quarters, we'll 
bring that more or less on par with the leading player. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. And sir, just a related question -- yes, ma'am, please go ahead. 
Bindu A. L.: Last quarter, the yield was 22.2% this quarter, 20.7%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. So, ma'am, almos t 2.5% have been shaved off in one  quarter. And then why should it 
take 4 to 6 more quarters for us to get towards 18%? 150 basis points have been shaved off. 
Deepak Reddy: That's what I told. On the one side, we have some projections for the year with regard to gold 
loan income. So we are  able to assess whether we are in the right direction to achieve that 
budgeted income, accordingly we reduce. And compared to that, we expect the reduction in 
borrowing cost. So that also will be passed on to the customers. So that even before the expected 
period, we'll be able to match our rates with the yielding price. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it, sir. Got it. And then sir, I mean, given that we've already seen a very strong first quarter, 
now internally, what are we targeting for the full year gold loan growth? 
V. P. Nandakumar: We feel like this year will be better than the previous year. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it, sir. And then I had one question for Deepak sir. Sir, you already spelled out in your 
opening remarks that you don't want to be speaking about the strategy going forward given that 
it's early. But sir, given that whenever leaders like you join the company, I'm sure they have 
something in mind with regards to how they want to shape the company. So one thing very 
clearly, right, what we have articulated as a strategy already is over a period of time, we want to 
bring our gold lending rates on par with the leading gold NBFC players.  
And to that end, what I assume is even if that would mean the margins and the ROEs are lower, 
we want to bring higher le verage on the balance sheet so that we can maybe deliver the same 
ROEs. So just trying to understand, sir, from you, what is it that you have in mind? Are there 
people that you'll be looking to onboard in your leadership team, people who will be reporting 
into you? And just at an overall level, right, I mean, how are you thinking about the company 
going forward? 
Deepak Reddy: Okay. Thanks for your question. I'm going to duck the question, and I'll tell you why. Do I have 
some thoughts of what we need to do? Do I have some thinking around it? Is there a plan that's 
===== [PDF PAGE 10] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
shaping in my mind? The answer is yes. But it's definitely premature for me . This is 5 days 
experience in the company to state at this August forum what exact strategy going forward.  
You can be rest assured that once I get a better feel of the company, I go further down, I travel, 
I meet people and validate some of my hypothesis and what I want to do, we will share a strategy 
at the appropriate time. Very strong thoughts and exciting t houghts, but I'm sorry, very, very 
premature for me to comment on that at this stage. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Sure, sir. I understand that. And lastly, one question for Bindu ma'am. Ma'am, you said that this 
quarter, the cost of borrowings declined by 2 basis points Q-o-Q. Just trying to understand how 
is our liability mix positioned, particularly on the bank borrowing side. So do you expect that in 
the coming quarters, right, second quarter, third quarter, when banks start passing on MCLR 
cuts, that's where our cost of borrowings will start benefiting? Or how should we think about it? 
And also a related question, while the portfolio cost of borrowings are down 2 basis points Q-o-
Q, where are we stacking up on the incremental cost of borrow? 
Bindu A. L.: So on the cost of borrowing, what you said is exactly what we have seen in the banking system. 
So we are seeing slowly banks are reducing the MCLR, which is beneficial. But at the same 
time, the mix of borrowing, we are trying to have -- or the banks al so want to have long -term 
facilities.  
So the short-term mix is coming down. It is only 26% you see. Working capita l demand on CP 
is around 4%, etcetera. So in the coming quarters, we can see the reduction in the MCLR rates, 
which will give us benefit. And I think with the capital coming in, all those things, we can see a 
better negotiation with the banks. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: Welcome to Mr. Deepak Reddy in the company. So my first question on MFI. I mean we have 
gone through this cycle multiple times in the past. So has anything changed structurally or on 
ground that we intend to now cap this at 10 -odd percent? I mean we have seen the ebbs and 
flows multiple times. So why this change now? 
V. P. Nandakumar: So the change in the underwriting policy. So with the change in regulation, we have been 
following the assessment policy and other regulatory guidelines. Now,- post this scenario of bad 
performance of MFI, the SROs have come  forward and are doing some guardrail. So we are 
strictly following that. Then other than that, we have not done anything. So we see a lot of 
opportunity there because MFI with the new underwriting standards, we feel like the asset 
quality will remain high. It may go to somewhere near to pre-COVID asset quality. 
 And secondly, where we see opportunity there is gold loan. We are in discussion with banks for 
the opportunity for co -lending and a few of the banks have come forward with a lot of 
enthusiasm. And now the revised guidelines, as I mentioned earlier, has come,  which are very 
positive with regard to lending. So that gives the company a wonderful opportunity to grow gold 
loan. And so this will definitely reshape the company in the coming quarters. 
===== [PDF PAGE 11] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Pratik Kothari: Correct. And sir, second clarification on the gold. What you are saying is it's to attract the high 
ticket 5 lakh plus customers to whom we have to give lower yields. It's not for those 50,000 
ticket size where we have lower yields. 
V. P. Nandakumar: We are gradually introducing across the board all tickets. Our idea is to be customer friendly 
with regard to pricing in comparison with the market. 
Pratik Kothari: Right. So this 5 lakh plus share, which I think last quarter, we had said was 15%, 16%. So where 
is it now? And I mean, where are we benchmarking this to, say, 4, 6 quarters out? 
V. P. Nandakumar: We are benchmarking with other players. So as I have been telling this is done in a phased 
manner, in a calibrated manner. And on the one side, we want to ensure that the budgeted income 
is achieved and we are able to achieve leverage our capital better. So the pricing depends on the 
market conditions. So we see some stability there amongst the top 3, 4 players. So gradually, as 
I mentioned earlier, we plan to reach that level. 
Pratik Kothari: So where have we reached and what is the plan for 6 quarters? I mean this INR5 lakh plus ticket 
size, what is the mix in our portfolio right now? And what does it have to be? What does this 2, 
3 other players have it at? 
Raju Narayanan: Now it is 19%, as I mentioned, 15% in the last quarter. 
Pratik Kothari: Yes. And the peers that we want to achieve, this is what, 25%, 30%? 
Raju Narayanan: Yes. From the market, we came to know that they are at 30% level. 
V. P. Nandakumar: These are not publicly listed. 
Pratik Kothari: Fair. And sir, you said we -- our plan is to match the budgeted numbers for this year. So on the 
gold loan side, this was on the revenue or on the profit? 
V. P. Nandakumar: On the revenue as well as profit. 
Pratik Kothari: Fair enough. Sure. And sir, last, if you can  comment on our vehicle and MSME. I mean the 
NPAs there have shot up through the roof. I mean we have kind of curtailed lending also ther e 
at least the quarter -on-quarter, the growth is not coming or there's a degrowth. So if you can 
some comments there, I mean, what kind of pain we are seeing where in the cycle are we? 
V. P. Nandakumar: In MSME, we had around 5% portfolio, which was unsecured. So the major challenge has come 
from that in MSME. And another thing, this quarter, we did some ARC that also has been bearing 
on the profitability. But now we have consolidated many things and we are hopeful of bringing 
down the opex also by 2% towards the end of this year gradually.  
So the more focus is on asset quality. And so we are refocusing our business to take the average 
ticket size, which is currently around INR5 lakhs to around INR8 lakhs, INR9 lakhs towards the 
end of this year. We have revised strategy for that and we hope that this will improve, this 
strategy will improve performance. 
===== [PDF PAGE 12] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 With regard to vehicle portfolio, we had challenges in some of the segments we were in, like 
farm equipment’s, which we thought it is not our cup of tea, so we exited. Similarly, in 2 wheeler 
also, we have remodeled to an automated underwriting system so that the people cost is reduced. 
So this has brought down our disbursal, but it will gradually pick up. 
 Now our renewed strategy is focus on the slightly larger tickets, both on the used commercial 
vehicles as well as used car segment. So this is our strategy, and there also the average ticket 
size remains around INR6 lakhs, INR7 lakhs, and we i ntend that to be taken to around INR10 
lakhs plus and attract customers of a relatively higher profile. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: Sir, my first question is on the gold loan industry itself. So sir, are we seeing that the competition 
here again, is going up in the market now post the RBI guideline and the clarity from the 
regulator about the regulations? Are we seeing that more players coming into the market, the 
existing players intensifying their strategy and game? 
 And on the other side, are we also seeing that the demand for gold loan is suddenly rising across 
ticket sizes because the other avenues of loans are not freely available, so much available as 
before. So how do you assess the demand and supply side of the gold loan market playing out?  
And whether lowering the yield then in that case should get us the desired volume growth 
because I think value growth is right now, but if the gold price were to stabilize in the future, 
does lowering the yield will give us the desired volume growth? And what will be that desired 
volume growth that we would want to be at? 
V. P. Nandakumar: So the smaller ticket size that is below INR1 lakhs, there because of the regulatory changes like 
transferring money into bank, etcetera, etcetera , is showing some negativity there  and these 
small borrowers borrowing up to INR10,000, INR20,000, INR50,000, there is a tendency for 
going to the unorganized sector borrowers, money lenders. 
But more and more customers are coming from the higher ticket size. So now with the new 
regulation concerning gold loan, it has definitely created a level playing field. There are 
opportunities there. 
 And of course, there's opportunities for borrowing the un secured loans. That is coming down, 
which has actually is positive for gold loan. Regarding competition, any business which is 
attractive will have the competition. But the thing is for any new player to create  any infra like 
us or some leading players. 
 There's so many employees very well trained who can assess the purity by the near feel and 
touch and also the security infrastructure, creation of large security infrastructure across India 
would take time. I'm not saying that it is impossible, it  is possible, but it takes time. And that's 
where we stand to gain with our pricing strategy and other strategy in the gold loan market. 
Rajiv Mehta: So, sir, if, say for example, if the gold prices stabilizes and with this pricing strategy that we are 
executing, what kind of growth we can maintain? 
===== [PDF PAGE 13] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: So, it will be on par with the markets. On par with the markets, yes, when we grow with the 
larger ticket size, we need to understand the attitude of such customers who are of a better profile. 
So we need to reset our infrastructure, everything. So, parallelly we are doing all these. So the 
momentum, which we will be seeing in the large players with regards to the gold loan growth, 
we have are confident of achieving that level. 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay. And just a few data points on Asirvad. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. May I request you to please follow up the queue, as there are several 
participants waiting. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: First thing is Raju sir, every earnings call, you share the split of gold loans by ticket size. If you 
could just help us with that? 
Raju Narayanan: Up to INR1 lakh 36.5%. INR1 lakh to INR2 lakh, 21.3%. INR2 lakh to INR5 lakh, 23.1%. 
Above INR5 lakh, 19.1%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Above INR5 lakh, what did you say? 
Raju Narayanan: 19.1%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 19.1%. Right. The second question that I had was for Bindu, ma'am. Last quarter also, you had 
guided that the peak is now b ehind. And in this quarter also, we saw credit costs coming down 
in microfinance. So while a couple of participants have already asked this, but for the benefit of 
all of us, if you could just guide on maybe the full year credit cost in microfinance in thi s year 
that you are expecting? 
Bindu A. L.: So what we have seen Q4, that was the highest credit cost, and it is almost half in this quarter. I 
think as already mentioned by sir, last quarter, we are expecting a profit from the microfinance 
business. So in the coming quarters, we will see at least 30% reduction from the credit cost to 
what we reported in Q1. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. This is useful. And lastly, ma'am, in the standalone notes to accounts, I was seeing that 
we have done a assignment transaction and ARC transaction in the quarter. So if you could just 
help us understand this assignment transaction was in which product and likewise, the ARC 
transaction, which pool of NPAs have been sold? 
Bindu A. L.: So the ARC and the DA, we are done in MSME secured book. So the DA transaction, which is 
coming at a better pricing. So the net income is only INR5 crores from that. So we did INR150 
crores, INR160 crores DA and ARC is INR50 crores again from the secured book. As these are 
small ticket loans, NBFCs can get this RCC proceedings started with the ARC sale. So the idea 
is to have a more rigorous follow -up with the borrowers to collect the money through surface 
fee proceeding. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. And last question for Nand akumar, sir. Sir, earlier during this call, you said that we are 
in discussion with banks for opportunities in co-lending. I just wanted to clarify the opportunities 
that you're talking about, you're talking about co-lending opportunities in gold loans, right? 
===== [PDF PAGE 14] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: Yes, yes. In Asirvad has around 1,600 branches, out of that 500 branches are exclusively gold 
loan branches. Then that 1,100 branches are offering microfinance. This infrastructure also can 
be upgraded and utilized for gold lending al so through co -lending. So that is a relaxed -- this 
qualifying asset criteria, we'll be able to mobilize a good amount of gold loans there also. Asirvad 
has a large network or expanded network and very large customer base and community connect. 
That situation can be taken advantage. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gaurav from Capital Farming Consultants. 
Gaurav: Yes. So my first question is on gold loan AUM on our standalone entity, parent level, 
Manappuram Finance, yes. So on quarter -on-quarter basis versus Q4 of FY '25, our AUM has 
increased by almost double-digit, that is 12%. Whereas in tonnage, growth is hardly there, just 
1%. Number of customers also almost flat, just 0.4%. So, if you can give some colors on that, 
what exactly were the factors which helped the company to grow this AUM by 12%? 
V. P. Nandakumar: See, our LTV remains around 57%. So, when the gold price goes up, so that people simply won't 
borrow because the gold price has gone up. Because while borrowing, they have the clarity about 
the inflow of cash, cash flow, thereby they can redeem within 4, 5 months' time. So if it fits into 
their cash flow, only they borrow. So what actually happens is when the gold price goes up, the 
security they bring the collateral, that quantity they reduce. 
 And when the price goes down, just the opposite happens. Actually, price has somewhat bearing 
with regard to the AUM growth. AUM growth is driven  by the demand. The opportunity is 
because the unsecured borrowing, the opportunities have come down. So there is an opportunity 
for gold lending too. 
 And also now with more players coming in and the banks also like another advantage is the  
popularity of this gold loan is also increasing.  That's why the customers from the middle class 
and upper middle class also use -- started using that to meet their business requirements and 
other requirements. 
Gaurav: Sorry, but within this, just a follow -up because I'm unable to digest that, just because the price 
of the gold has moved up and that has helped the AUM growth by just 12 percentage, whereas 
the number of customer has remained flat. So, CFO, ma'am, can help me understand if the 
number of customers, gold customers has remained almost flat, somewhere around INR26 lakhs, 
right? 
So, within that, what percentage of customers were new to Manappuram in Q1 of FY '26, in 
terms of percentage, right? And what were our existing customers to whom the loan was renewed 
because if I recollected correctly that we have a short term tenure goal loan, which we extend 
maybe 3 months or 6 months, right? So, what percentage of our customers within this was new 
customer to Manappuram? 
V. P. Nandakumar: Before that, I told you one thing is a smaller ticket size because of regulatory challenges these 
customers have, there is a tendency to move to  pawnbroker that's up to INR1 lakh. So the growth 
is coming mainly from INR1 lakh plus. So this segment is growing and it will grow that's why 
===== [PDF PAGE 15] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
the number of customers, even though the number of customers remain at that level, we are able 
to get growth because of that, not because of the price has gone up. 
Bindu A. L.: So during the quarter, we added 3.5 lakh new customers. And the  reason for less number of 
customer addition in the outstanding because the customers mostly we were able to attract in the 
high-ticket segment. So  the small ticket customers, we have seen a reduction. So that is the 
reason net outstanding number of customers has not changed much, but we were able to add 3.5 
lakh new customers. Any other data points we can take offline, if that is fine. 
Gaurav: My second question is our gold loan branches are stagnant at 4,044, whether it is Q-o-Q basis or 
Y-o-Y basis. So is there any regulatory restriction in opening the gold loan branches or we are 
not keen in expanding the gold loan branches across the length and depth of the country? 
V. P. Nandakumar: For gold loan companies, there is a restriction in opening branches beyond 1,000. The restriction 
is we need to seek prior approval from RBI for every branch. We have submitted application for 
opening branches, and we hope to get it soon. But now the BAIN transaction is under the 
processing by the RBI. So until this transition is over, they don't take up these things. So we are 
expecting the RBI approval to be received  probably by the next month. And without much 
delay, we expect the new branch applications also to be sanctioned. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aagam from Aagam Investments. 
Aagam: Question. I mean -- can you give color again, I mean, on the non -gold portfolio, especially on 
the MSME side and the vehicle finance, I mean for last few quarters, we have been not growing 
much and the asset quality has also been worsening. So what is the thought process here going 
ahead? How are we shaping our book AUM here? And when can we see, let's say, growth firing 
across all our consol level book going ahead? So if you can throw color on all of it. 
V. P. Nandakumar: So we are re -strategizing our business plans. Now Bain Capital also have joined . Their 
knowledge in the industry also would help. So the growth strategy is to use the opportunities to 
grow gold loan. As I mentioned, we are matching the pricing gradually with the market and 
attracting high ticket customers like others. The second, using co-lending models. We gradually 
plan to expand the gold loan business in our subsidiaries also. 
 First, we are trying to do it in Asirvad in non-gold. Asirvad non-gold branches. There are 1,100 
branches. Later after testing the success, we may extend the gold loan business to other 
subsidiaries also gradually. So this way, we expect our branches to grow our gold loan branches 
to grow to around 5,000 plus towards the end of this year. 
So that opportunity for growth, as I said, pricing matching the market plus geographical 
expansion of this business through our non -gold branches through quality. These are the 
opportunities we see.  The other businesses are in a consolidation phase. One in affordable 
housing, etcetera, the average ticket size is around INR5 lakhs. So we are moving to around 
average ticket size of around INR8 lakh to INR15 lakhs with improved underwriting. 
So that when the business is refocused, we believe the asset qualit y will improve also the 
employee productivity. So we have developed a definite plan to improve the productivity month-
===== [PDF PAGE 16] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
on-month. And we are confident that it will improve the profitability of this housing finance as 
well as MSME. 
 Vehicles, we have -- we are again consolidating in the sense that we are moving out of the risky 
segments like we have already moved out of farm equipment and bringing down the opex in 2-
wheeler by automated underwriting systems, etcetera. So that reduced number of people and 
also the asset quality is improved because the underwriting is automated. 
So this way, the non -gold businesses are on a consolidated phase. And we are confident that 
these are going to be the opportunities on both the infrastructure as well as business. These a re 
going to be the opportunities going forward. 
Aagam: Okay. So broadly going ahead, the more focus will be on the gold loan side? 
V. P. Nandakumar: That's what's planned. That doesn't mean that we are ignoring the other sectors, but we are re -
strategizing. As I told you ticket size to move up from INR5 lakhs to INR10 lakhs because then 
the employee productivity will improve. So the opex can be brought down. Then the asset quality 
will be naturally better because the underwriting standards are better. 
 Then another thing, one challenge we face is even with the takeover, the small houses where 
they borrowed around INR4 lakhs, INR5 lakhs, the saleability is very low. There the saleability 
as well as the people fear of losing that price that also will be better. 
So this  way, by improving the ticket size, improving the asset quality, bringing more -- 
improving our automated underwriting systems using various technologies, dedicated various 
technologies. These are in place. 
Aagam: Share in mainly the 35% AUM non-gold is there, should this number go down below 20%, how 
should 1 look at this? 
V. P. Nandakumar: Is expected to go down. And gold expected to overtake. 
Aagam: So currently 80-20 is share? 
Bindu A. L.: Now it is 65-35, gradually will reach to 75-25. 
Aagam: 25% will be the rest. So that would be majorly microfinance and housing or…? 
V. P. Nandakumar: In my opening remarks, already I mentioned we intend to increase our secured book to 90% and 
bring down the unsecured microfinance to below 10% of consol AUM. 
Aagam: Okay. And in terms of the Asirvad, in terms of write-off and impairment are we done with this 
quarter or there is yet some loss to be provided for? 
Bindu A. L.: So the provisions are based on the slippages during the quarter. So based on the slippage, 70% 
is the provision coverage ratio. Continuously, we are monitoring the collections and based on 
the slippages, we have to create a provision. But the maximum effort is going for collection. 
===== [PDF PAGE 17] =====
  Manappuram Finance Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Aagam: So are we there in terms of meeting the previous levels in terms of collection efficiency and 
credit cost? 
Bindu A. L.: I couldn't get that. 
Aagam: So when things were good. So are we there? Are we reaching those times and trying to that? 
Bindu A. L.: So we started disbursements with the tightened underwriting norms. But as the disbursement is 
lesser than the rundown, the book is running down. And wherever collections are showing better, 
we are focusing more on the d isbursement in those states. In difficult places, we are focusing 
more on the senders where the collection is better. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kushan Parikh from Morgan Stanley. 
Kushan Parikh: Just a data keeping question. You shared the mix by ticket size for this quarter. Could you share 
the same for 4Q FY '25? 
Raju Narayanan: Up to INR1 lakh 14.2%. INR1 lakh to INR2 lakh, 21.75%. Up to INR5 lakh, 22%. Above INR5 
lakh, 16%. 
Moderator: That was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
V. P. Nandakumar: So thank you for the active participation and questions, which were all very relevant. And we 
look forward for interacting with you. Whoever wants to have  the data, we are ready to share 
with you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us . 
And you may now disconnect your lines. 