
===== [PDF PAGE 1] =====
 
 
 
 
MFSL/SEC/EQ/2026/19        February 21, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To, 
General Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 540749 Trading Symbol: MASFIN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.:   Transcript of Analyst(s) / Investor(s) meetings held on February 16, 2026. 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of Analyst(s) / Investor(s) meetings held 
on February 16, 2026, is available on the Company’s website at the link: https://mas.co.in/investors-
corner/investor-analyst-meet/ .  
 
Please find enclosed the transcript for reference. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Riddhi Bhaveshbhai Bhayani 
(Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: A41206 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
===== [PDF PAGE 2] =====
Page 1 of 48 
 
 
“MAS Financial Services Limited 
Investor & Analyst Meet” 
February 16, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on February 16th, 2026, will prevail 
 
 
         
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH GANDHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 DIRECTOR – MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MRS. DARSHANA PANDYA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAS FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. DHVANIL GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. SAUMIL PANDYA -- PRESIDENT (RETAIL ASSETS) – 
MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. VIVEK VYAS – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
(RETAIL ASSET CHANNEL BUSINESS) – MAS 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. NISHANT JAIN -- CHIEF RISK OFFICER – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

===== [PDF PAGE 3] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 48 
 
 MR. HITESH GANATRA -- HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCE 
DEPARTMENT – MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. RAJEN SHAH -- CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. DARSHIL THAKKAR -- HEAD - CREDIT – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. HIMANSHU KANAKHARA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT (HOUSING SUBSIDIARY) – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. MEET CHANDE – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT - 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== [PDF PAGE 4] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 48 
 
Meet Chande: So, good evening to everyone. On behalf of Team MAS, I, Meet Chande , welcome you all to 
the company's Investor and Analyst Meet at Mumbai, showcasing the Vision 2036, i.e., Proven 
Performance Compounding with Prudence. 
Standard disclaimer applies. So, we have a full management, and a core team of MAS present 
here, starting with Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi, who is the Chairman and Managing Director. Then 
Mrs. Darshana Pandya, who is the Executive Director and CEO, working with the company for 
more than 30 years. Then we have Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi, who is the Executive Director and part 
of Promoter Group. He has been working with the company for more than 11 years. 
Then we have Mr. Saumil Pandya, who is the President of Retail Assets, and has been working 
with the company for more than 25 years. Then we have Mr. Vivek Vyas, who is the Chief 
Operating Officer of our Retail Asset Channel business, and he has been worki ng with the 
company for more than 15 years. Then we have Mr. Himanshu Kanakhara, who is the Executive 
Vice President of our Housing Subsidiary, and he has been working with the company for more 
than 8 years.  
Then we have Mr. Nishant Jain, who  is the Chief Risk Officer, and has been working with the 
company for more than 8 years. Then we have Mr. Ankit Jain, who is the Chief Financial Officer, 
and has been working with the company for more than 15 years. Then we have Mr. Hitesh 
Ganatra, who is the Head of Human Resource Department, and has been working with the 
company for more than 4 years. 
Then we have Mr. Rajen Shah, who is the Chief Technology Officer, and has been working with 
the company for more than 22 years. And at last we also have Mr. Darshil Thakkar, who is the 
Head of Credit, and has been working with the company for more than 11 years.  
So, first we will have a presentation from each of them, and then we will start the Q&A session 
post that. So, this is the agenda which I will cover in a respective person's introduction.  
So, our first speaker for the day is Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi. So, Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi sir is the 
Founder, Chairman and Managing Director of MAS, with over three decades of industry 
expertise driving the consistent company performance. He is the first -generation entrepreneur 
and has an experience of more than 30 years in retail finance services industry. 
He is the Chairman of Gujarat Finance Company Association, Director of FIDC, which is the 
SRO of NBFCs of India and Co -Chairman of Finance Task Force of Gujarat Chambers of 
Commerce and Industry. He is also Managing Trustee of Srimati Urmilaben Chimanlal Gandhi 
Foundation. The Foundation currently contributes towards the financial needs in healthcare and 
the education.  
So, sir's agenda for today is, he is the leading the Vision 2036, Proven Performance 
Compounding with Prudence. 
So, Kamlesh sir, I request you to please come on stage for your presentation. Thank you.  
===== [PDF PAGE 5] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 48 
 
Kamlesh Gandhi:  So, good evening, everyone. And at the outset, I am thankful to all of you for sparing your 
valuable time and coming to this meet in order to understand the company better. I am trying to 
take you through two very distinct things, that is, one is on the proven performance and second, 
how we visualize ourselves in a coming decade? 
I think many of you with whom I have interacted personally, I have always shared that at MAS, 
decade is a medium-term view. While being a listed company, we do interact with you quarterly, 
but our main aim is having a long-term vision which enables us to work very prudently. 
Now, the very first slide, don't take it that every company tells that we are different. The heading 
is Key Differentiators. And I will take you through the characteristic of the company of what it 
has done over all these 30 years. And I am very convinced and confident that you will also agree 
with this title that, we are different, the key differentiators. We are not just one more NBFC on 
the horizon, but we are the ones who have very relentlessly stood by all our commitments over 
all these 30 years. 
I personally believe that brand is nothing , but commitment and delivery. And if you see us 
delivering over last 30 years and more precisely post IPO where the numbers are in the public 
domain. As such before also they were in the public domain with some listed instruments. But 
more interaction happ ened post the IPO and when we did the QIP, a year and a half  -- in '24 
June, say around one and a half year back. 
Whenever I interacted with the same set of investors, my first submission was don't go by what 
I'm telling. Go by what we have done. And I could see many of them had their notes preserved 
way back in of 2017 and were very happy to note that we stood by each and every of the thing 
that we committed. And that is what I personally mean is the brand. 
So the first thing what I like to present to all of you is , what we have done over all these 30 
years, which gives us the strength to visualize a decade further. The first and the foremost thing 
is consistency, and I would like to use the word courage here, that we were courageous to be 
patient. 
To be consistent over a period of 30 years and to relentlessly work towards your strategic intent 
is something which requires lot of conviction and confidence in yourself. With so many 
distractions and noise outside, not getting distracted and sticking to your strategic intent is 
something that is very, very important. 
And I like to tell you that we are not trying to claim that we are an super entrepreneur or 
something we are doing something extraordinary. It happens to us because the way we started 
this company and the way we grew this company.  I have discussed this with all of you many 
times, but for the unversed, I started this company way back in 1988 as a partnership company 
with a INR1 lakh borrowed capital from our late Co-Founder Mukeshbhai's friend. 
It was a marketing company, marketing consumer durables. We realized if we can offer finance 
along with it, it can sell more, at times where finance was not heard of. And from 1988 to 1995, 
===== [PDF PAGE 6] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 48 
 
there are so many anecdotes to this, but in the interest of the time I fast forward it, that from 
1988 to 1995 is where we earned our first INR2 crores of capital, turned corporate. 
And what was started as MAS, the full form of MAS is Marketing and Allied Services. That 
became MAS Financial Services Limited in 1995. And as you see in our presentation, we always 
start from that point, i.e., 1995 INR2 crores, currently close to INR15,000 crores. 
So over all these 30 years, we have very relentlessly stuck to our strategic intent. Let me share 
with you that when we turned corporate, I and Mukeshbhai had very clear-cut objective that we 
want to keep this company as a Promoter-driven professionally -run company.  We want this 
company to outlive us. Not only link the numbers with how old are we, or how other companies 
are doing. 
In our initial stage, so many investors or so many people will ask us that would you like to 
become Sundaram or would you like to become HDFC? And our answer was they are great 
companies to learn from, but we'll like to be MAS.  Because every company is uniquely placed 
just like every person is unique. And with this thought and with this strategic intent we started 
in 1995, 30 years of relentless pursuing, pursuing the strategic intent very relentlessly, gives us 
the confidence for our future vision. 
Friends, in lending business, creating assets is perceived to be simple. Top line can increase in 
no time. The way you land and the way you create your loan assets can increase very fast. Right 
under our nose, we have seen companies 2x or 3x our size withi n no time.  Many of them 
succeeding, many of them had their own consequences. 
But over all this period, we have stuck to one dictum that is extending credit where it is due.  
This one line and to execute this single objective, it takes a lifetime. And if you ask me today, 
have we mastered it? The answer is no. We are learning. We are continuously at it, that how we 
can extend credit where it is due, because I personally believe that it is incumbent on the lender 
to give the right credit rather than on the borrower to borrow right. 
Because of the fact for the lenders this is a process, for a borrower it's an event. They can go 
wrong, ideally, we should not. So this is what we have practiced over all these years that 
extending credit where it is due and it kept us in good stead. It yielded dividends where it really 
mattered. And if you see the graph over all these years the way we have maintained our asset 
quality, the operational cost and hence the profitability. So this is what we have pursued over all 
these years, and I see no reason to deviate from this going forward. 
This ladies and gentlemen is a big differentiator, growing mainly through internal accruals while 
my colleague will take you through the numbers. Let me be very candid here that growing 
through internal accruals is in alignment with our strategic intent of keeping it Promoter-driven 
and professionally managed. And at the same time giving a very decent growth, or a very 
handsome growth I will tell it, by all definition. 
===== [PDF PAGE 7] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 48 
 
I will take you through the next slide where we will translate it into numbers also. But around 
majority of our capital currently is through internal accruals. And that allows us a Promoter 
holding of 67%, 66.61% to be precise. 
Now what does this Promoter holding really should mean to the investors? Stepping in your 
shoes, I from my 30 years of experience very firmly believe and  with so much of changes 
happening around, I don't know how many of you will agree, that an enterprise is best run by 
the entrepreneurs. The difference is that when an investor puts his money in the company, he is 
running for his food. But when an entrepren eur puts everything in the company, he is running 
for his life. And we all know that who will be more focused, who will give the best? And hence 
I believe that a meaningful Promoter holding is the key for a very long-term sustainable success. 
Even during our Vision 2036, I stick my neck out and tell that as Promoters we will be holding 
meaningfully above 50%, there will be capital raise when we talk, I will discuss the number in 
the next slide, but there will be capital raise, it has to be but without diluting the strategic intent. 
We are focused on profitability. We believe that profit is the index of the value add and with a 
pinch of salt or rather bagful of salt, also the valuations. I think I would like to put a question 
mark here. Also the valuations? Just before coming here I was talking to Dhvanil and you 
showing one company at a INR25,000 crores valuations and I automatically asked what's the 
profit? He said that there is no profit, but they are getting this valuation or the price increased 
because they reduced their losses significantly. 
But we don't want to tread this path. We believe that profit is the index of the value add and this 
is once again friends, the result of the way we have,  run this company over all these years. We 
did not build this company in era when capital was freely available. We did not build this 
company in an era where burning capital or incurring losses was usual. We built this company 
in an era where we were judged, evaluated, assessed, whatever the word you want to use, purely 
on the profits made. 
And forget about how the investor will judge, we being one of the largest investor in the 
company, forget about how the investors or the market will judge, that's about from 2017. It's 
about our own conviction that if sufficient profits are not made, we ar e doing something which 
is not correct. We need to change a business model, we need to be more frugal, we  need to... 
need to have control on the leakages. 
So at MAS whatever you will find, you will find two things. One is a long -term objective and 
number second is simplicity. Whether it is about adopting technology or whatever it is. We are 
doing what best is required for the organization in terms of technology without being so flashy 
on the expenditure we incur on technology. 
So we firmly believe that profit is the index of the value add. We do not upfront expenditures to 
the maximum extent possible. And that you must have seen over, that reflected in our working 
over all these years. That profitable right from day one, even if y ou talk about housing finance 
===== [PDF PAGE 8] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 48 
 
company, the subsidiary, profitable right from day one.  But you have to be patient for that and 
that is why I started from the slide courageous to be patient. 
Very important, I am here with my core team friends. The people who are the real heroes, the 
people who really run this organization , whenever I meet you or Dhvanil meets you or my IR 
team meets you, we talk about the work being done by them. And you could see from the slide, 
I am sure that along with the names you must also have seen a small number that depicts vintage. 
That's our strength.  
A core team with vintage brings about lot of stability in articulating your strategic intent right to 
the grassroot level. We are into retail financing, so currently the team size is 5,000 plus. How to 
articulate your strategic intent right to the person at the ground level? And that is where a stable 
core team plays a very important role. So we have the culture of succeeding and failing together, 
learning together, facing the challenges together and being resilient all the time.  
When we talk about vision, usually it is given for next 2 years we will do this, next 3 years this 
will be it. While I talk about a decade, we will be concentrating at one link of a chain at a time. 
The vision is set, but the execution plans will be made where we concentrate on one link of a 
time. That vision should not distract us. But it will be showing us the light every time that this 
is where we want to reach.  
I have shared with whom I have met that I spend a fair amount of time daily visualizing MAS a 
decade down the line and that gives us lot of confidence for our long-term actions. I just give an 
example, I think my colleague might share that in her slide, that during COVID, we were among 
the few companies who degrew our balance sheet even though being listed. Because we knew 
that we are not here for a quarter or two or a year or two, we have a long way to go. So having 
a long -term vision is a key differentiat or. And that gives us the strength, that gives us the 
wherewithal to act prudently.  
Friends, lending is not the business where you create lot of excitement. For two very simple 
reasons that you are present across the various sectors of the economy and various geographies 
of the economy. If it rains heavily in some state, we are worried. I f some of the industry not 
doing well, we are worried. We'll give you a slide on the spread of the industry where we are 
present.  
And inherently, lending has its own risk. We are not in the business of avoiding risk, we are in 
the business of managing risk. And hence how big is that risk as per your capabilities, aligned 
with our strategic intent of not burning capital and being profitable, and how big is that risk will 
define the success. This is a very serious business.  
I don't tell that other business are not serious, but I don't know much about them. I have born, 
brought up and I have lived this business, but let me share with you, this is a very serious 
business. It's not about creating excitement, it is not about creating exponential growths, and not 
also exponential profits.  
===== [PDF PAGE 9] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 48 
 
I would like to urge all of you to have the right set of expectations from the lenders. Few of them 
growing at a very pace rate without judgment of any of companies. Few of them growing very 
fast or few of them growing exponential profit over the years. Do n't judge the entire or don't 
assess the entire industry by that yardstick.  
I meet so many young entrepreneurs at NBFCs, and I see many of them get ting carried away 
that what will my investor think? What will the markets think? And that is a wrong way to run 
a lending business. It is up to you to what do you think. Just to put a perspective to these numbers, 
for a sustainable lending business, depending upon the size, anywhere between 15 % to 25% is 
a growth which should be not only assessed but respected.  
ROE is anywhere between 14% to 17% in housing finance company, couple of percentage less 
should be respected because that are the sustainable numbers. You don't execute on day -to-day 
basis, but you play a very important role in setting the right expectations or the right set of 
working for all the NBFCs or the lending companies. That's very important. This is what 
according to me and my humble suggestion based on my 30 years of experience.  
So this is where we have differentiated ourselves. This is what we think we have done. We will 
go on continuing doing this things. These are the differentiators which has been depicted in terms 
of what this company is built of , in terms of its character. Numbers , I think we put up very 
regularly on our investor presentation. But this graph gives me lot of confidence. This is up to 
'25, after a quarter we will be adding '26.  
Okay, on a lower base from INR2 crores to it depicts INR12,000 crores, now we will depict it 
on a consolidated basis at INR15,500 crores. Translate into a CAGR of 35.1%. And what I was 
talking about internal accruals, 38.85% the CAGR on a lower base. I do agree this is an 
advantage what we are getting on a lower base. But in a coming decade also , we very firmly 
believe and we are confident to grow anywhere between 20 % to 25% with commensurating 
profitability.  
But with a strong caveat prioritizing risk and profitability. When we talk about a decade vision, 
it's a reasonably long time. We need to adjust to the macros. But as I told you, I think we have a 
good presentation to be given by our CEO that how we face headwinds and what happens when 
we face headwinds and what numbers can we achieve even during those most tough headwinds, 
including a black swan event like COVID?  
So this is that you see very regularly on our slides and with your trust , support and blessings, 
you will go on seeing it for many more years. And this was about the first part of proven 
performance and let me share with you. We completed 30 years in May 2025. And on that day, 
we had our BHAG, that is Big Hairy Audacious Goal. As a team MAS, we decided that within 
next decade we should reach an AUM of INR1 lakh crore s, once again prioritizing risk 
management and profitability.  
The strategic intent will not get diluted. We all are here to evaluate the macros, a few quarter s 
here or there, some number here or there really does not matter as long as we are on this track 
===== [PDF PAGE 10] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 48 
 
of our strategic intent. And this is the key differentiator that we are talking about a decade now. 
We know there'll be challenges. We know everything will not happen the way we think, but we 
are determined. And we've proved that in the past, overall these 30 years on a very smaller base.  
Let me share with you that smaller base has its own challenges. Smaller base has its own 
challenges. We work with MSME , the small borrowers and let me tell you we have one of the 
finest set of entrepreneurs. I was reading one article in the flight today where somebody was 
telling that Indian entrepreneurs are matching the US entrepreneurs, and I was disappointed.  
The class of entrepreneurs what we have, especially in MSME segment, as I told you , they run 
for the life day-in, day-out. The constraints what they face, but still they are determined to grow 
and have grown and are propelling the Indian economy. I think we are second to none. So with 
that spirit and with each one of my team member also sharing their thoughts into how they will 
be instrumental in this growth of reaching this milestone, I will like to end here and once again 
thank you so much for listening to me so patiently and I trust that we'll continue to get all your 
support and encouragement and respect that we deserve. Thank you so much. 
Meet Chande: Thank you so much, Kamlesh sir, for your presentation. For us to do presentation seamlessly, I 
would request everyone to keep the mobile phone on silent mode and please not to talk in 
between of the presentation. Our next speaker for the day is Mrs. Darshana Pandya ma'am. She 
is the Executive Director and CEO of MAS Financial Services and has been associated with the 
company since 1996.  
She is responsible for leading the operations at MAS and she is also the driving force behind the 
forging relationship between the company and its partners, which amount to more than 200 
NBFCs. She has over 30 years of experience in the finance industry and holds a bachelor's degree 
in commerce from Gujarat University.  
And her agenda for today is journey of the company over last 30 years.  
I would request ma'am to please come on stage for the presentation. 
Darshana Pandya: Good evening, everyone. So very difficult to match Kamlesh sir's energy and passion, rather it 
is impossible, but I will try to give my best. So as Meet shared that I'll take you through the 
journey of last 30 years. So we turned corporate in 1995 from a partnership firm, visualizing the 
great opportunity to serve underserved segment of the society. So now it is a journey of 30 years 
which happens to be my vintage of the company, my vintage with the company also. So I'm very 
happy to share with everyone that I am part of this journey too.  
Now if we do some number crunching to understand this journey, we have reached the AUM of 
INR14,600 crores on consolidated basis, which is spread across 283 branches on consolidated 
basis. In MFSL, it is 208 and rest is in the housing company. In 13 states and through this more 
than 280 branches, we have covered more than 15,500 locations. So we have reach up to 15,000 
locations and beyond that, beyond this 13 states , we are present through our more than 200 
NBFC partners, which is our 15 years old business model now.  
===== [PDF PAGE 11] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 48 
 
And as we can see that started with one product and now, we have six multiple product offering 
for the customer. Under our MSME program we have micro -enterprise loan and SME loans. 
Under our wheels product we have two -wheeler and commercial vehicle loans and under 
consumption side , it is salaried personal loan and housing loan through our housing finance 
company.  
Here it is very important to have a good intermediary to create a very good quality portfolio. It 
is not necessary that we can do -- we are doing everything or we should do everything. We 
should have the people who is having deep demographic knowledge who can help us to create a 
quality portfolio. So we are partnering with more than 200 NBFCs and for other products, two-
wheeler we have 135 good set of intermediaries, for commercial vehicle 579 intermediaries are 
there and for housing loan, 161 partners are there.  
Now while Kamlesh sir took us through the journey of last 30 years, I would like to throw some 
light on the last decade which we all know that it was very challenging for all of us. So there 
were multiple headwinds during these last 10 years, and we could successfully navigate through 
all these headwinds because our focus was on fundamentals. We stick to our strategic belief of 
discovering the numbers rather than chasing the numbers.  
If I enumerate these headwinds for you, for your reference, then in '16-'17 demonetization 
happened, then '17-'18 GST implementation was there which affected small traders and 
manufacturers. In '18-'19, there was a NBFC crisis followed by liquidity crisis. Then '19-'20, 
'20-'21 we all know that it was very difficult for all of us on health ground also because it was 
affected by COVID-19 and practically everything was on stand still mode.  
In '23-'24, it was a severe regulatory overhang, and it had cascading effect also. So in '24-'25 and 
still we are facing some challenges as far as overleveraging of small borrowers are concerned. 
So despite of all these headwinds , what we could achieve ? So our CAGR in terms of AUM is 
20% and in terms of PAT, it is 23%.  
And I think you would give us the allowance of this two years of COVID and if we discount it, 
25% CAGR we can consider for our AUM . And as far as PAT is concerned, it can be 29%. So 
this is how we could navigate it very successfully during this last 10 years and this gives us the 
confidence what we are targeting to reach up to INR1 lakh crores we can definitely do that. 
Now this is also one of the major strengths of the company as sir shared in his opening remarks 
that we have built up our capital majority through internal accruals. So just to give you the 
reference of number, if we consider this INR2,865 crores as INR2,900 crores of capital, 66% 
growth is through internal accrual only. So we raised capital 4 times during this period. 
The first raise was in 2008. We raised $10 million in 2008 from FMO. Then it is was followed 
by EUR10 million from DEG in 2012. And in 2017 we got listed, and INR135 crores was pre-
IPO and around INR233 crores was IPO and total we raised INR368 crores in IPO. 
===== [PDF PAGE 12] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 48 
 
 And 2024 through QIP we raised another INR500 crores. And here I would like to mention that 
we are thankful to all our investors for showing tremendous faith in us because our IPO got 
subscribed 128 times and QIP also subscribed more than 6 times. So this is the story of an 
internal accrual non-dilutive growth. 
 Next is about the rating of our company. We have been rated AA - minus by CARE. So this is 
the rating as per the rating agency, if you ask us, we are no less than the AAA rating. Because 
what we believe that what AAA rated company does that they always fulfil their commitment, 
fulfil their commitment under all the situations and that is what we have done throughout this 
period. So and we are very hopeful that within next, by the time we reach INR1,00,000 crores, 
we will get we will reach our target of rating also, that is AAA. 
 So now this is about the product expansion. As we know that we started with one product that 
was consumer durable in 1995. Then we went on adding the products in our bucket. So today 
we are offering more than six products because there are sub products und er the SME loan and 
commercial vehicle loan as well. So if we look at the numbers, microenterprise loan, the 
portfolio is more than INR5,500 crores. And the quality is also very benign for all the product. 
So GNPA stands at 2.87% and NNPA is 1.64% for our MEL product. SME loan, we have more 
than INR4,900 crores of portfolio whereby GNPA is 1.49% and NNPA is 1.15%. Two-wheeler 
loan, the portfolio is INR1,022 crores and GNPA is 3.35% and NNPA is 2.34%.  Commercial 
vehicle loan is INR1,055 crores whereby GNPA is 4.14% and NNPA is 3.22%. Salaried personal 
loan is INR1,185 crores whereby GNPA is 3.45% and NNPA is 2.61%. Housing loan is INR859 
crores whereby GNPA is 0.97% and NNPA is 0.67%. So around 70 -72% is coming from our 
MSME loan. Wheels portfolio is contributing around 14% and SPL is around 8% and housing 
loan is contributing 6%. 
 This shows the power of distribution of the company. So, we can see the numbers, well I would 
like to share with you that we started with one branch in 1995 and we started not with the nearby 
branches, we could have started with Gandhinagar, we could have started with Anand or maybe 
Mehsana which is closer by the our head office. We started the first branch; our first branch was 
in Bhavnagar. 
 And why we started there is the reason was we found a very good set of people over there to 
start the new branch. So that that is right from day one that was the focus, to have the people 
with good character. And we have always given priority to good chara cter, people of having 
good character than people having talent. Talent is equally important, we value a lot, but good 
character is more important than that. 
 And the outcome of this decision to even today, the Bhavnagar branch is the having the best 
quality of the portfolio. So this was with this was how we started. So if we look at the presence 
in western part of the country, Gujarat is having 63 branches, so in in western part, Gujarat, MP, 
Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh there are 137 branches. 
 In North, Rajasthan is having 47 and other states are having 8 branches. And in South we are 
having around 16 to 17 branches. So we still have lot of opportunity to expand our branch 
===== [PDF PAGE 13] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 48 
 
network in southern part of the country and Northern India. So we are into the process of the 
same. This year we were waiting to first to have the better results from the existing branches and 
then every year we are planning to open 20 to 25 new branches to expand our branch network.  
 So this what I will be focusing on going forward. So our focus will be on the endeavours to bring 
about a compassionate growth. We are not only growing passionately but with empathy also. So 
our focus will be on the compassionate growth which will be catalyst for undoubtedly higher 
productivity, resilience and loyalty among all the stakeholders. Secondly, our focus will be talent 
and culture building. 
 So as I am involved across the verticals, my focus will be on creating a performance driven yet 
value based culture within the organization and develop next level of leadership across all the 
departments. Kamlesh sir and Mukesh sir, they have groomed a team of around 20 to 25 people. 
Now it is our responsibility to groom the next line equally. And third is leading the execution of 
set long -term vision.  So that is to align capital, talent and strategy towards delivering the 
company's long-term growth roadmap. So this is how we are planning to take the organization 
towards our goal within next 10 years to reach up to INR1,00,000  crores AUM and everybody 
will be guided and motivated to move towards that direction. Thank you so much. 
Meet Chande: Thank you mam for your presentation. Our next speaker for today is Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi. Mr. 
Dhvanil Gandhi is the Executive Director and part of promoter family, and he has been 
associated with the company for more than 10 years. He is leading the SME vertical of the 
company and played a instrumental role in developing it through branches across India. 
 He plays an active role in driving the IT initiatives and strengthening the investor relations 
through regular engagement with the investor community. He also is heading the insurance 
vertical of the company and under his leadership, MAS Fin Insurance has received insurance 
broking license from IRDAI in last year. He holds postgraduate degree from ISB Hyderabad and 
bachelor's degree in business and administration from Ahmedabad University. 
 And his agenda for today is: Journey going forward with SME vertical being the leading growth 
driver. Sir, request you to please come on stage for your presentation. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Good evening all. Good to see some familiar faces and some new ones and thank you all for 
making the time to attend this event where we can talk in more detail about the company's long 
term vision rather than the usual discussion that we have regarding the past quarter's performance 
and what we are going to do next quarter. 
 So this this this event was planned with the understanding that we want to share more about how 
we scale the business, how we manage risks through various cycles, and why we are confident 
that we can build a much larger institution with the same discipline that we have build the current 
one. 
 As as all of you have seen during the previous slides as well and the previous speakers' 
communication as well that we have been that we have grown by being very predictable, I would 
===== [PDF PAGE 14] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 48 
 
say, and we take comfort in saying a no more than saying yes and I think that has become a 
competitive advantage for us in this lending business. 
 And as mentioned by our Chairman as well that the right place to start the journey ahead is how 
we talked about the Vision 2036. So I just quickly want to talk about what philosophy we have 
adopted over the years, and those pillars have been the reason for the robust performance that 
we have delivered over the last three decades. 
 So number one is the determination, the determination to follow a long term vision and build an 
institution not only for a decade but for generations. And it shows up in in how we have 
navigated multiple cycles and how we have built very long term trust wi th our customers, 
partners and all the other stakeholders. 
 The second point is consistency. I think consistency is one of the hardest thing in the lending 
business in the limited experience that I have been associated with it because markets are always 
luring you to change your standards when debt and capital is easily available, it is luring you to 
grow faster, when the competition is high it is luring you to maybe loosen the credit filters or 
reduce the pricing. 
 But in our experience institutions don't get into trouble because they don't know what the risk 
associated are with their decisions, but they forget to stick to the fundamentals and the basics. 
And I think that is something that we have done very well over the last three decades and that is 
something that we want to continue going forward as well. 
 Third is discipline. Discipline in how we allocate capital, how we focus on the critical return 
ratios and how we decide what we will not do even if it looks attractive in the short term. So we 
believe that our real strength comes from focus and discipline  and from doing what we know, 
what we understand and doing and bettering it year on year as we go forward. 
 So I talked about the philosophy, now the challenges. I want to spend some time on that as well. 
So as we all are aware that technology is changing the financial services landscape very fast and 
very aggressively. And we believe that we are rightly placed to manage these challenges going 
forward as well. 
 Technology is changing how we underwrite, how we distribute, how we conduct our operations. 
And we feel that we have chosen the path to lead selectively in areas which add value to the 
organization and not only for the sake of the headlines. So technology is a challenge, could be a 
potential challenge going forward if you're not agile in managing it. 
 Second is regulatory and compliance. RBI is trying to get NBFCs and banks on similar kind of 
regulatory threshold. And I think for companies like us who have managed compliance so well 
over the last three decades, it's a strategic edge and a competitive ad vantage wherein if we 
continue doing or if we continue to manage compliance the way we have, we feel that companies 
like us can be well rewarded. 
===== [PDF PAGE 15] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 48 
 
 And that's the kind of culture that we have built over the last three decades. Third, and I think 
the most important one is how we balance legacy and transformation. Three decades of vintage 
or three decades is a very long period. There are a lot of hardco ded stuff which gets into the 
organization when it's been operating since a very long period of three decades. 
 Somebody representing the next in line in terms of the promoter group and somebody along with 
the colleagues to take the organization forward, I personally see this legacy as a strength, and I 
think we have to leverage on it in the right way. And if we are agile and adaptive, it can act as a 
real strength. 
 So we will hold tightly to our values that we have built over the last three decades, like discipline, 
trust, long term focus. But as the times change, we have to be open to execute differently as well. 
And that is something which is execution challenge is something which is a big challenge. And 
I think with the right set of people who can execute as per the newer times, but also uphold the 
values of our three decades is something that can act as a real advantage. 
 Need for speed, efficiency and personalization. The customer behaviour is changing; technology 
is changing that. So I feel that faster decision, frictionless service, those are some challenges that 
we have to keep on addressing. And the most important that this is still a we still feel that this is 
a human capital business. 
 For companies like us, operating since a very long time, availability of debt and capital is not a 
challenge, but availability of the right talent, availability of skilling this human talent from time 
to time is something which is very critical. And if we don't focus on this, that can derail the 
vision, but we are working and you will see that forward as well, that we are working hard to 
keep the talent upskilling and the capabilities going forward. 
 So enablers, market size, as we all are aware, not a challenge. In the we are lucky to be in India 
where financial services is still underpenetrated, underserved, whatever words we want to use 
for the market are less. So I think market size is definitely not a challenge for us in in our vision 
for 2036 and further. 
 Vintage and trust capital that we have built over a long period of time. I think this is a very 
critical one because we have seen economic cycles, regulatory shifts, and how the customer has 
also evolved. So we have built a very high reputation amongst the peers and the stakeholders in 
the industry that we operate in. And trust capital along with human and financial capital, I feel 
can be a real enabler for us to take the organization forward in the right direction. 
 And our brand of commitment and delivery is one of the reason why our stakeholders trust us 
and why we get the respect that we get in the industry that we are operating in. And third is 
consistency in vision and culture. So I think as the Chairman said tha t a promoter -driven but 
professionally run, that gets a lot of consistency in terms of the vision and that really helps the 
organization look at the long term vision and execute that accordingly. 
===== [PDF PAGE 16] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 48 
 
 And the culture of responsibility, all of us, all 5000 of us have to own it, have to take the 
proprietary interest and then then take the organization forward. So these are the enablers for 
our Vision for 2036. I'll talk about the SME piece now. Some broad macro data picked up from 
the SIDBI-CRISIL report last year. 
 So again, market size, not a challenge at all. What number I've put out here is INR30 lakh crores 
is the addressable gap and majority of it coming from the medium, micro and small enterprises. 
So this has been considered with certain assumptions  of a 3:1 debt equity. Currently out of the 
INR34 lakh crores formal credit supply in the system right now, 80% is  through banks, 20% is 
through 60% is through  banks, 20% is through NBFCs and the rest is thr ough different other  
entities. So the market size is not a challenge, and it is huge enough for us to take things forward. 
 So MSME is the flavour of the day. Every bank, NBFC, small, big that you might be meeting or 
talking about, they are talking about MSME, MSME funding, SME funding. So here I have just 
put out how NBFCs, not only MAS, but how NBFCs differentiate themselves from banks. So 
large p rivate banks and public banks are well placed to cater to borrowers with these t hree 
characteristics basically. 
 Where the requirement of working capital lines is in the form of a cash credit or an overdraft 
facility. Strong financial track record and strong bureau history is available. And wherein good 
collaterals or transaction backed lending can be done. Where NBFCs are well placed is on cash 
flow based assessment and taking the calls on the business continuity of the enterprises exception 
handling. 
 This is an important part wherein the size gives us the advantage to be agile, to be nimble footed, 
to handle cases wherein we have to talk to the customer, understand their profile and then take 
a decision and not only follow a very A to Z, laid down procedure. 
 It has its own risks but if you inculcate that in your credit and risk mechanism then this can act 
as an advantage. Sector we are in a position to because we are more closer to the ground, we are 
able to observe the sectors more thoroughly and then cater t o them as per the requirements and 
dependency on data is not only on audited financials and bank statements for us but we can look 
at more ground level in-person data alternative data which is available more freely now and also 
take vintage based calls. 
 So this is how NBFCs mid -size NBFCs like MAS are well placed to cater to the MSME 
ecosystem. So there is a value chain, large banks, large private PSU banks, large NBFCs, mid -
size NBFCs, small NBFCs and Fintechs. So that's the whole value chain and every player in the 
value chain has their own market cut out for them and if they execute correctly over there, I 
think the numbers are very much achievable. 
 So we have overall 208 branches in MFSL as we had discussed and 3 years ago we took a slight 
different approach wherein we opened up 27 specialized locations, 27 top cities of the country 
and the idea is now to go into the beyond the 30, the B30 what they call it and the next idea is to 
take this forward from 27 to say around 50 over a period of time and focus on different cities 
===== [PDF PAGE 17] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 48 
 
other than these which are the larger ones but 60% -- 50%-60% of the credit flow, customer flow 
is from these 27-30 larger locations which are present across the country. 
 So this is what we did around 3 years ago and it has been paying off well because these are 
slightly different set of borrowers than our other retail products and they have to be catered to 
in a different way with a different set of team and that is someth ing that we have built through 
these 27 specialized SME branches over a period of time. 
 This is the product suite right from INR10 lakhs to INR5 crores wherein we have divided it in 
collateralized back, supply chain, business loan, embedded finance I'll talk about each of these 
in a little bit of detail. This is the yield matrix that is there  right from 12% to 19%. Ticket size 
as I said right from INR10 lakhs to INR5 crores. 
 These are the average ticket size in our each of the products, tenure right from 12 months to 180 
months and the type of security that we generally take when we underwrite customers in some 
of these underlying product lines. 
 So in the past we have talked about that on the outset it looks like SME loan but inside SME 
loan there are multiple sub products to cater to various set of different borrowers based on the 
requirement end use of fund that they have and also the kind of ri sk pricing that we should do 
right from say as low as 12% to as high as 19%. So number one is the collateralized back where 
we fund up to INR5 crores. 
 This is backed by banking, GST data, financials data only informal data that we see when we 
visit the customer. There are again various sub products inside this. It was not practical to put 
all of them down here. 
 So we have clubbed it under collateralized back, which is mortgage of immovable property, long 
term use, long term gestation, some investment, building up of infrastructure for manufacturing 
units and stuff like that is where such this product is best suited for. Supply chain need we have 
as an NBFC we can only give term loan. We can't give limit based facilities. 
 There are some products in the market like drop line, OD and all but we are catering to that 
particular requirement that customer wants to use INR10 lakh for 30 days, repay it, keep that as 
a limit. Supply chain is the product, purchase invoice discounting , sales invoice discounting. 
There are again multiple products in this category as well and it is secured through cash flow 
control through escrows. It's a 12 month limit yearly renewal. Average ticket size being around 
INR40 lakhs. 
 Third is business loan backed by hypothecation of current assets like stock and all of those other 
receivables 16% to 19% short term in nature 36 average being around 18 to 24 months. Average 
ticket size being INR27 lakhs. The newest one of the lot that we  have started to cater to under 
the MSME program is embedded finance net to the company yield is around 14% to 15%. Ticket 
size up to INR5 lakhs. 
===== [PDF PAGE 18] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 48 
 
 Average ticket size up to INR1.3 lakhs 24 months tenure and again NACH and escrow 
mechanism. So here what we do is that we work with the payment companies in the industry 
where they have the merchant base, they have the captive data of the transactions that happen 
on a daily basis and this is an EDI product, Equated Daily Installment, all of our products are on 
the EMI base and this is the EDI base. 
 So this is a new pilot that we have started around 6 to 8 months ago, we partnered up with one 
payment big payment company, one in the top two currently in the country and this what 
basically this product does is provide them working capital through the fi ntech channel at the 
click of a button, there are present business rule engines which are then activated, bureau check, 
all of those checks are done and then the loan is disbursed to them within a matter of 30 minutes 
to 2 hours. 
 So this is something which is well suited for small merchants, general store, grocery store, mom-
and-pop store owners that we see in and around our locality. And I think catering to different set 
of borrowers with the right kind of product designing is going to be an important element going 
forward. 
 A person who has the headache of paying only INR200 daily versus paying say INR13,000-
INR14,000 at a month, this kind of a product is well suited for very small trader profiles and that 
is something that if we have looked at a lot of data, this product is there in the industry since last 
4 to 5 years now, we have looked at various data cuts in terms of power performance and all of 
those things and finally we took the jump wherein we were getting enough confidence that this 
can start as a small portion and if succeeds then we can scale it up gradually. 
 So this is the product suite under the SME loan segment that we currently operate.  Some data 
on industry, I think these are the top 12 industry, top 12 contributing 78% of the business for us 
as of now; this is on portfolio outstanding. So top three is steel and metal, second is electronic, 
third is FMCG, and agro and textiles are form the top five. 
 So you can have a look at these numbers, again well diversified, we don't have any concentration 
risk over here. Some of these industries go through cycles from time -to-time, but that is where 
our credit and risk is pretty agile and monitoring it on a monthly basis to see how we can change 
the weightage if required or loosen or tighten the credit screens if required from time-to-time. 
 And these are some other major industries which are outside of the top 12, so 12 plus 20 almost 
32 different industries that we're catering to.  This is the distribution channel 208 branch -led 
channel which is branches, obviously 208 branches, ecosystem so again SME business, roughly 
around 70% of the business is driven through referrals, DSAs and those guys,  large ones, large 
aggregators. 
 Supply chain is driven by anchors which are there, whom we onboard and we give them a limit 
and then they give us sub-parties under those. So ecosystem and digital media is something that 
we do from time -to-time, we have our own in -house call centre to cater to and to our existing 
customer and this is the broad distribution channel that we have currently. 
===== [PDF PAGE 19] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 48 
 
 So 65 to 70% is driven through the ecosystem channel and the rest is driven by our branch -led 
and direct digital channel. These are the internal stakeholders. This will apply to all our products, 
not only SME, so I'll broadly cover it sales for business origination, we have separate teams for 
all of these, credit for underwriting, sales doesn't have any approval power, sales doesn't do any 
underwriting, there is a separate underwriting team product -wise at the branch for each of the 
product. 
 Portfolio management is for collections, there is a separate team product -wise at the br anches 
for each of the products, sales operations to support sales activities, credit operations to support 
the credit team and obviously technology team, again specialized to the product to assist in 
developing of various technologies and taking it forward on the tech front. So these ar e the 
stakeholders for all the products to keep the product up and running. 
 SME in the Vision 2036 INR1 lakh crores is going to contribute anywhere between 25% to 30%, 
so from INR5,000 crores to say roughly around INR25,000 crores of AUM is the journey over 
the next 10 years and I would say the key contribution for that will be obviously the market size, 
gradual expansion in the ticket size of the loans. 
 This is something that we are very consciously doing wherein we are working as the balance 
sheet size grows, risk appetite increases, we are trying to cater to borrowers wherein the ticket 
size is slightly higher to manage operations and keep the cost effi ciency better. Expanding into 
newer geographies North and South, huge opportunity. 
 There are incumbent players but there is enough space for all of us to coexist. And obviously 
technology going forward. So fintech in SME till now is yet to succeed at the level at which it 
has succeeded in products like personal loan and all, because to u nderwrite an Indian 
entrepreneur, an Indian SME still requires a phygital model, a touch-based model. 
 But going forward things are changing. We would not say that the brick and mortar would go 
out of fashion in the next 10 years, but brick and mortar wisdom plus leveraging on technology 
is something that will play a critical role going forward. So this is the vision for the SME product 
going forward, this is the vision for as an organization overall, the challenges, the enablers that 
we are going to have on the journey. Thank you so much. 
Meet Chande: Thank you, Dhvanil sir, for your presentation. Our next speaker for today is Mr. Saumil Pandya 
sir. So he is the President and Head of Retail Asset at MAS and responsible for managing the 
Micro Enterprise, Two -Wheeler, Commercial Vehicle and Salaried Person al Loan product of 
the company. 
 He has played an instrumental role in expanding the retail presence of the company across states. 
He has been associated with the company since 1996, and he has more than 30 years  of 
experience in the financial services industry . And his agenda for today is retail asset business, 
wherein wheels business to lead the growth. 
 Saumil sir, may I request you to please come on stage for the presentation. 
===== [PDF PAGE 20] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 48 
 
Saumil Pandya: Good evening everyone. Thank you Dhvanil bhai, thank you Meet. Before starting my 
presentation, we all know we are living in two countries . One is fully developed that is called 
India, and second is under -developed or yet to develop, that is Bharat. And with whom I am 
representing Bharat with my product, so I would like to speak in Hindi. 
 This is just a glimpse of my products, after this I will talk about them with you in detail. Micro 
Enterprise Loan, two-wheeler loans, used commercial vehicle loans and salaried personal loans. 
This is its range, from 17% to 24%, you can see the ticket siz e is from INR1.5 lakhs to INR15 
lakhs, the average ticket size is from INR80,000 to INR4 lakhs, the tenor is on average 36 months 
to 60 months. 
 It is a mix of both secured and unsecured, if we talk about the local micro enterprise, it is 
unsecured up to INR3 lakhs, above INR3 lakhs it is secured. Wheels, two -wheeler and 
commercial vehicle are 100% secured loans and there is a newly entered product  SPL which is 
an unsecured loan. 
 If I talk about the product in detail, Micro Enterprise Loan is our main product, in which we do 
more than 50% of the balance sheet business. This is a very old product; we started this product 
way back in 1998 when there was no priority sector lending etc. 
 People were not able to think about this product as to how to loan to the informal class, because 
there were no documents, no banking, at that time we designed this product and over these many 
years we have brought this product to this level. 
 Mainly Bharat, why I said Bharat is because Bharat means informal class. A population of 140 
crores in which mostly small shopkeepers, businessmen live, who are taught from childhood that 
filing ITR balance sheet is a sin. Sorry, I am using the word sin because those people do not file 
return or file minimum return, because of which those people never get a place in the 
mainstream. 
 So when the big lenders, big banks are afraid, then we started the product in 1998, we have 
categorized around 170 people whom we fund, including major small businessmen, provision 
stores, medicine shops, cloth shops, sanitary hardware, snacks parlour, paan parlour, hair cutting 
saloons, who have small requirements. 
 It is said in our country that India is a country of festivals and because of festivals we get this 
opportunity every day because business becomes seasonal. Ganpati came, business will be there, 
Padwa came, business will be there, Diwali came, business will be there. So manufacturers also 
need money, traders also need money and these traders and manufacturers are such that they 
require small amounts of money to increase business. 
 So we start with small loans, we offer up to INR10 lakhs but mostly my average ticket size 
happens to be INR1 lakh, because this is the best customer profile of Tier 2, Tier 3 which is not 
overleveraged. They take only as much as they need, so the biggest benefit of this product is 
this. These are some categories identified, maximum general stores. 
===== [PDF PAGE 21] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 48 
 
 If you see the area where you live, you will see thousands of general stores, you will see 
provision stores, they mainly drive our industry. To run this business, we regularly conduct loan 
melas, roadshows and cold calling. I frankly say the finance busine ss is like a medicine shop. 
People take it when they need it, no one comes to sell medicine, so in the same way no one takes 
finance by force. 
 A person takes finance when he needs it, but he should know which shop remains open for 24 
hours, where will he get medicine for 365 days. So we do that work, my team reaches 
information to customers through cold calling, loan mela, roadshow that whenever you have a 
requirement, we are standing here. And whenever they walk -in to the branch, they get micro 
loans very easily through a very simple procedure. 
 The second product I have is two -wheeler. India is the second largest manufacturer of two -
wheeler. 35% of the world's two -wheelers are manufactured by India and India's market is 2 
crores. 2 crore two -wheelers are sold in India every year and 60% of them a re sold through 
finance. 
 Major market because it is a basic commuting vehicle. Where elsewhere in the world leisure 
bikes are used for luxury, here they are used for commuting, here we use 100cc 125cc bikes 
because two-wheelers are required for the smallest tasks like going from h ome to office shop, 
from home to field or for taking children anywhere. 
 So, this two-wheeler product is also going to be a game changer for us in the coming days, as sir 
said that we have to reach 1 lakh crore in the coming decade, so to reach 1 lakh crore two -
wheeler is going to be our biggest weapon which will take us forward. If I talk about the product 
mix, it is visible on the table that Hero is number one, Hero is selling the most all over India, 
Honda is at number two, TVS is at number three, so as and as we are also getting market share 
in the same way. 
 We are trying to make this product as digital as possible on the BRE base slowly. Recently, we 
are working on a data bank of about 70,000 customers so that by making it BRE driven and 
collecting it digitally and phygitally, we can do the best credit so that there is no credit loss, we 
are also working on that now. 
Our two-wheeler business model is also mostly dealer and sub-dealer driven but for that we have 
to do more activities like loan melas, road shows, at the time of festivals because nowadays 
customers, earlier when I started my career then we used to say that business will start from this 
day and will stay till this day, today it is not like that. 
 Today even if it is the wife's birthday, the customer is present in the morning saying I want an 
Activa today, so we have to be very ready for finance and for that digital requirement has become 
very high. Mostly it is a very simple product, credit is given in this based on CIBIL and banking 
and because the average ticket size is 80,000, we are getting very good customers and our 
portfolio quality is also remaining good from this. 
===== [PDF PAGE 22] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 48 
 
 Used commercial vehicle. I say if India has to grow then infrastructure will have to grow. If you 
want 7%-8% GDP which is happening, then infrastructure has a very big role in it because if 
there is infrastructure and road transport then only the world will move forward. Right now some 
company's advertisement is running that India moves, India grows by this w ay only from 
commercial vehicles. 
 Because smallest pleasures, whether you take FMCG or big transport, government is also 
focusing a lot on it now, many policies of government are coming like scrap policies, including 
new fleets, doing emission norms because of which the number of fleets is  increasing, road 
routes are being made good because of Mr. Gadkari so numbers are increasing quite a bit. 
 If new fleets are made then the market for used vehicles will increase more in our Tier 2, Tier 3 
so our specialty is in used vehicles. I focus on used commercial vehicles, or you can call them 
SRTO, Small Road Transport Operators, where we focus more on customers starting from 1 -5 
vehicle owners up to 5 vehicles who want to increase their income, who want to increase their 
wealth, who want to move forward in the industry, this is our focus area. 
 If I talk about sourcing, we work a little differently from the industry. We have kept a match of 
both DST and DSA. Mostly in the industry, all finance companies are more dependent on DSA, 
work is done through sourcing agents, DSA and brokers. Mostly 50% o f my business is 
generated from DST, same model loan melas, road shows and customer relationship. We invite 
customers to our office, we meet them, those are the photographs on the side, it is compulsory 
to have a customer meet every month in every branch, in my 208 branches. 
 So, if we keep meeting the customers, keep understanding them, keep understanding their 
problems, then it is also our job to provide solutions because these customers need hand holding 
a lot. If I consider myself a doctor of finance, then I will have to un derstand their problems, do 
hand holding and move forward with them. This is my product mix: MCV is 55%, SCV is 26%, 
LCV is 12% and ICV is 6% for us. 
 Major chunk is of transporters, as I said around 74% of my customers are those with 1-5 vehicles. 
Driver or first-time owner, the person who is experienced but wants to purchase his own vehicle, 
that profile is around 22% and captive who use for their own business, the percentage of such 
customers is around 4%. 
 Salaried personal loan. The first two products discussed are for income generation which works 
to take India's economy forward but as sir said that if we have to reach 1 lakh crore then some 
consumption loans will also be required. So we have just launched  salaried personal loan in 
which mostly business is running from FinTech companies right now, some part is running with 
my corporate DSA and in a small part we have also started in DST where we showcase our 
product by going to those companies through iden tifying direct loan melas, road shows and 
industry through HR and take business in bulk from there. 
 You people will think that salaried personal loan is a very common product, many companies 
are doing it, where is MAS's place in it, but if you see, we are a mid-layer finance company, so 
===== [PDF PAGE 23] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 48 
 
those big NBFCs and private finance companies, their focus is only above 10 lakhs. Even though 
I have mentioned 5 lakhs to 50 lakhs or 3 lakhs to 35 lakhs here, but if you talk to any big bank, 
big NBFC, their interest is only above 10 lakhs. 
 So I have made my place below 5 lakhs or I can say that between 1 lakh to 10 lakhs in the mid 
industry where average salary is between INR 25,000 to INR 50,000, identifying those 
customers and their basic requirement because nowadays every person has to take care of his 
family and the biggest thing is that we are able to give them today the luxury of the future.  
 Because of this loan because someone in the house is sick, children's fees have to be paid in the 
house or you have to pay the premium of mediclaim or LIC in March then today no one has 
savings, so we make them do that saving of the future, so this cannot be calle d expenditure, it 
will be called saving because we give loans then he has to save compulsorily. So this is my SPL 
business. 
 Collection and recovery, this is a basic requirement, when people come in retail then they say 
this is your collection, that business is that only, do your collection and work, 90% is work of 
collection for us. Your business itself is collection, in a way it is true but if you see that all my 
customer profiles are not formal, when there are informal customers then we need to do hand 
holding for them. 
 We have been teaching banking to customers since '95, since I joined in '96. We have been 
teaching everything until now like how to open an account in a bank, how to fill a cheque, how 
to understand banking behaviour. Even today my 100% disbursement happens through e-NACH 
only. 
 Many people told us that if we have to do finance business then we will have to go into cash 
collection mode but from '95-'96 until today 2026 we have not done any business of cash 
collection, 100%. Meaning we are also doing a work of education for the customers, those people 
who are not comfortable with banking, we have also done the work of teaching them banking. 
 These people do not know that if it is 5th then on the morning of 5th they go running to the bank 
to fill the money, so we have to teach them that brother on the 4th before closing you will have 
to fill the money, so day in day out we have to stay with them, their intentions are very good but 
in the collection mechanism we have to work hand to hand one to one with them. 
 We have to do pre -calling, we have to WhatsApp them, send SMS, send V.O., have to put 
collection CRM, have to put the team, then only we can create a good portfolio through 
collection. 
 Growth of the next phase, as I said two-wheeler is sold in very large numbers in India and right 
now we have started walking, just in a short time we will start running too, so two-wheeler will 
be one of mine whose positive points if seen then Tier 2 and T ier 3, rising the rulers and semi -
urban income is increasing, increasing the urban commuting needs, rapid expansion of gig 
===== [PDF PAGE 24] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 48 
 
economy, requirement of small business and agriculture activities, company's branch expansion, 
right now my branch is 208 and as was said that we are moving forward. 
 I just give you a glimpse of two -wheeler then I work in about 240 districts and 1,100 talukas 
while in India there are 800 districts and 7,800 talukas so right now, I have to cover a very long 
journey to cover the numbers ahead. Same commercial vehicle, government's policies are quite 
positive regarding commercial vehicle which will boost us for numbers in Tier 2 and Tier 3, e -
commerce and logistics business has incr eased quite a bit in Tier 2 and Tier 3 from which my 
business will increase. 
 Requirement of small business and agriculture activity: you will be surprised to know earlier 
farmers used to keep tractors, nowadays farmers have also started keeping Bolero pickup 
because tractors have a limitation in delivering goods in the city like vegetables, etcetera. But if 
there is Bolero Camper at home then he can deliver vegetables daily in APMC or in the market. 
So today along with tractor, Bolero is also coming at every farmer's place, so this is also a place 
for me to increase business. 
 The commercial vehicle industry is also of 1.8 lakh crores in a year, so I work in a 10 year tenure, 
so I have chances of a very big business coming forward, only good customers and good 
employees are needed who will take us forward. Thank you. 
Meet Chande: Thank you Saumil sir for your presentation. Our next speaker for the day is Mr. Vivek Vyas. 
Mr. Vivek Vyas is the Chief Operating Officer of our Retail Asset Channel business, and he has 
been working with the company for more than 15 years. He is responsible for developing and 
growing the company's financial services industry. He is involved in NBFC relationship 
management and business operations, supporting the growth and stab ility of the portfolio. He 
holds a bachelor's degree in commerce and MBA from Guj arat University and his agenda for 
today is Retail Asset Channel business, 15 years of robust performance. 
 Sir, may I request you to please come on stage for the presentation. 
Vivek Vyas: Good evening everyone. Thank you Meet for introducing. Before jumping into the product, 
would like to discuss with you that why we are calling it as a Retail Asset Channel. So we are 
not only funding to the companies, but we are onboarding good companies having strong ground 
presence, operational excellence and thorough understanding of the demographics. 
 Apart from this, we are we have also onboarded multiple check points in our system and we are 
also evaluating customer end to end journey. So we believe that portfolio created with this 
expertise is as good as retail portfolio and having granular control o n this portfolio. This is the 
reason we are calling it as a Retail Asset Channel portfolio because mainly we have generated 
this portfolio through our NBFC channel partners. 
 We are working with the NBFCs across India for more than 15 years. Till date we had partnered 
with more than 200 NBFCs across India and we have disbursed more than 30,000 odd crores. 
The strategic intent behind this model is to cater the financial needs of  underserved segments 
===== [PDF PAGE 25] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 48 
 
and creating the opportunities created while promoting financial inclusion, job creation and 
supporting MSMEs. 
 We are treating our NBFC partners as our extended distribution arm, not just the borrowers. 
Through our branch led model, we are having presence in 13 odd states, but with the help of our 
extended distribution arm, we are having presence across India excep t Jammu & Kashmir and 
North Eastern states. These NBFC partners largely having benefit of their local reach, customer 
proximity, faster field execution and stronger ground level marketing intelligence. 
 On the other side, at MAS we have 30 years of experience. We had experienced multiple 
headwinds; we are having different product understandings. We are backed by strong credit 
ratings and support from good investors. So from the inception, we believe in complimenting 
with each other rather than competing with each other. So if we will combine the exp ertise of 
these NBFCs and experience of MAS, we have created value from this partnership model. 
 Like both of us have achieved operational excellence, ensured credit where it is due. We both of 
us have served the underserved segment, strengthened the customer access and scaled the 
lending operations with the controlled asset quality. So next question you all may have is how 
we are onboarding these NBFCs. As I mentioned, we are into this business for more than 15 
years and over a period of time we have developed niche for the onboarding such NBFCs. It 
starts with the strong promoter strong promoter due diligence. 
 We firmly believe that entities driven by strong promoters will definitely turn to do well in the 
long run. In the promoter due diligence, we are checking their we are doing their reference check, 
we are doing their background verification and their track record assessment. We are also 
checking the investor in the particular company and whether this investor or promoters, whether 
they are capable enough to infuse more funds in the market or not.  So this ensures continuity, 
integrity and alignment to the long-term interest of the company. 
 Next is the proven track record. We are also checking whether the promoter or KMPs of the 
company, they are having proven track record or not either in the company or with the company 
and or maybe they are having overall market experience. We are also checking whether they are 
capable enough to frame good practices, strong processes and policies as well. 
 We are also checking whether they are capable enough to take the company to the next level or 
not. Next is the product alignment. As sir and ma'am mentioned that over a 30 period of time we 
have developed expertise in Micro Enterprise Loans, Two -wheeler, SRTO loans, SME, SPL, 
Housing and Lab products. 
 So we are onboarding only those companies which are dealing in these products so that we can 
add more value to them beyond financing like we can be helpful to them in customer onboarding, 
we can be helpful to them in framing the process or policies and we can be helpful to them to 
strengthen the recovery processes and many other ways. 
===== [PDF PAGE 26] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 48 
 
 We believe that governance and compliance is also one of the important onboarding parameter. 
Companies has to adhere internal policies and applicable RBI guidelines such as Fair Practice 
Code, digital lending guidelines, KYC/AML guidelines. Companies havin g robust governance 
structure, regulatory discipline and transparency should be onboarded and this transparency, we 
believe that this this transparency should extend from entity level to the customer level in terms 
of clear loan documents, transfer pricing, proper disclosures and ethical collection practices. 
 We are also checking fundamentals of the company. On the finance side, we are checking 
company's debt equity ratio, their capital adequacy ratio, profitability, their revenue trend etc. 
On the operations sides, we are also checking robustness of the processes, their turnaround time, 
operational capabilities as well. So this way we are onboarding not only financially strong 
companies but operationally sound companies as well. 
 We are also checking whether these companies are having diversified lender base or not. This 
will be helpful to check the continuity of the funds for this particular NBFCs. We are also 
evaluating whether these companies had borrowed at the reasonable prici ng to maintain their 
profitability. We are also checking whether any aggressive borrowing is there or not in terms for 
a shorter tenure of time and as compared to their on -lending products. We are also checking 
whether any covenant breaches are there or not. 
 So this on these are the mainly main points we have covered for the onboarding. So this 
onboarding framework has been tested across multiple times. As I mentioned, till date we have 
disbursed more than 30,000 crores and till date the actual loss through this vertical is less than 
50 basis points. So this shows how strong our onboarding parameters are. 
So once we have onboarded the companies on the basis of certain data, parameters or principles, 
so all these things will not remain same over a period of time. All these things may change 
because of market dynamics, interest rate volatility, entering into the new product or in new 
geographies. All these things may affect the company gradually but not immediately. Our 
continuing monitoring framework allows us to track these changes through multiple data 
exchanges, their MIS verification, governance oversight etcetera. 
All these things will be helpful to take the corrective decision in terms of pausing of 
disbursement, tightening the control, changing in the lenders covenant as well. Apart from all 
these things, we are having strong monitoring team which continuously vis its the company's 
head office and branches. They are mainly covering underlying asset verification, data and 
system validation. They are also checking their process and policies, geographical portfolio, 
collection assessment and file and document verification. 
We will take one -by-one. In the underlying asset verification, they are checking underlying 
hypothecated assets on monthly basis. They are verifying DPDs of the hypothecated customers. 
If these DPDs are higher than the certain parameters, then this companies has to replace this 
customers with the regular customers and if such replacements are on a higher side, then we will 
ask for the company level data and verify the same with the product and geographica l 
performance to arrive at the conclusion. 
===== [PDF PAGE 27] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 48 
 
Team is also generating live data at the time of visit, and they are validating the same with the 
data provided at the time of credit assessment which shows the -- you can see data accuracy of 
the particular company. Before initiating the field audit, team is discussing with the various 
departmental heads regarding their process and policies. And team is also evaluating the same 
whether this policies and parameters has been implemented at the field level or not. 
They are also verifying if any deviations are there then such deviations has been taken as per 
approved matrix or not.  They are also tracking the geographical exposure details. This will be 
helpful to detect the geographical risk, and it will be easier for us to take the control in the at the 
difficult times.  
Next is the collection assessment. So during the visit team is also verifying the disbursements 
with the bank statement and UTR details provided by the company. They are also checking 
monthly demand versus collection, and the collected amount has been deposited in the bank 
statement or not. They are also visiting the regular customers on sample basis and for the stressed 
accounts, they are visiting them to assess the recovery efforts and understand the ground 
challenges of those particular customers. 
Next is the document verification. Team is also verifying the complete set of loan documents 
which includes their loan agreement, their KYCs. Specific to vehicle finance cases, they are 
checking insurance copies, invoice copies and required RTO papers are there or not. And for the 
secured cases, they are also checking or verifying property papers too. 
Next is how we are different from others. So as I mentioned earlier, we are into the business for 
more than 15 years and we have developed a niche for the NBFC lending space. So which 
differentiate us from the conventional lenders. Mainly conventional -- conventional lenders rely 
on the balance sheet strength, collateral, they are having very limited appetite for the smaller or 
emerging NBFCs. 
They are -- largely rely on to the data provided by the NBFCs and having limited oversights into 
the origination, collection and other systems. They are having transaction based approach, 
largely they are disbursing in a you can say in a single larger amount to a part icular NBFCs. 
This may lead to negative carry or liquidity mismanagement for them. 
On the other side, we positioned ourself as a friend, philosopher and guide to our NBFC partners 
and we are having totally different approach as compared to this conventional lenders. For the 
assessment, we are going beyond financials and evaluating compan y's business model, their 
customer segment, governance, portfolio behaviour as well. 
Yes. Our approach is risk aligned. It's not that much aggressive but we are supporting smaller 
and emerging NBFCs which demonstrates good portfolio performance, control and origination. 
We are having domain expertise so we also deep dive for the company's operational assessment. 
We are covering or evaluating their processes and even their field -- we are also evaluating their 
field level performance. 
===== [PDF PAGE 28] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 48 
 
Our approach is to our approach is providing continuity of the funds as we are -- our approach 
is tranche based and not the transaction based. This will be helpful for the NBFCs to plan their 
liquidity accordingly and helpful to maintain the profitability. Our approach will always be 
granular, partnership driven, continuous monitoring a nd having the full control to the end 
borrowers. 
Next is the way forward for the RAC segment. So RAC segment will continue to grow in future 
in a calibrated manner while maintaining diversification and alignment to the long -term vision 
of the company. We believe that NBFCs will play an important role in the credit distribution 
and providing timely and adequately liquidity support to them will be a good growth opportunity 
for us as well. 
In long run, RAC will continue to participate in the company's overall AUM in alignment with 
the strategic intent of the company. With the increase in company's AUM and scale, our appetite 
to add value to this NBFC partners will also increase in line with the risk approved framework. 
So this balanced expansion approach both in direct and indirect business vertical will further 
strengthen company's diversification, granularization and resilience across multiple cycles. 
Thank you everyone. 
Meet Chande: Thank you Vivek sir for your presentation. Our next speaker for the day is Mr. Himanshu 
Kanakhara. So Mr. Himanshu is the Executive Vice President of our Housing Subsidiary, and 
he has been working with the company since 2018. And he has over 25 years of experience in 
leading and executing various sales and distribution roles. Prior to working with the  -- our 
subsidiary, he has worked with HDFC Bank for more than 13 years where he was responsible 
for developing and growing securitization with the NBFCs, cross selling of banking products 
and construction equipment products. 
He has also worked in product sales of passenger car and commercial vehicles of brands like 
brands of Tata Motors and Mercedes Benz. He holds a master's degree from Gujarat University 
Ahmedabad.  
And his agenda for today is Housing Subsidiary, a venue unlocker for the parent. Sir may I 
request you to please come on stage for the presentation. 
Himanshu Kanakhara: Good evening to one and all. Will be happy to take you through an overview on our Housing 
Finance vertical. We are targeting our affordable housing finance segment through our 
subsidiary that is MAS Rural Housing and Mortgage Finance Limited or MRHMFL. MRHMFL 
was established in the year 2008 and it is headquartered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Talking about 
the product range, we provide loans for purchase of new houses, resale houses, construction on 
owned plots by the customers, home improvem ent loans and also commercial property loans 
that is small shops or industrial sheds. 
We also extend loans to developers, the affordable developers as construction finance for 
completion of the projects. Talking about the area of operation, we operate in rural and semi 
urban areas of Gujarat, Maharashtra, MP and Rajasthan. We have a network  of 101 branches 
===== [PDF PAGE 29] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 48 
 
and have sourcing arrangement with 161 intermediaries, typically these are DSAs and referrals. 
We have clocked an AUM of INR8,592 million that is on December '25 and we have registered 
a strong growth of 22.49% year-on-year. 
Talking about our target customers, primarily these are salaried and self -employed individuals 
typically who you know work in a small or a micro or a medium enterprises. They are into say 
on production line or in services or in supervisor role. And others are self-employed individuals, 
typically who run a micro enterprise unit you know, like a grocery store or doing job work for a 
manufacturing unit. And we extend construction loans for completion of affordable finance 
projects, but the share is very limited here. 
This is just to complete the construction, boost up the projects and get some APF and get some 
share out of it. Our average ticket size is below INR10 lakh. And if we see our tenure for housing 
loans it is up to 300 months and in case of non-housing that is shop loans it is 144 months. Now 
this is our journey on AUM. This is our quarter and quarter performance for last 68 quarters. 
Now if we see the numbers, the absolute numbers look small but look at the consistency of 
growth with 39% CAGR. It's a hallmark of consistency. 
This is our speciality over years that we take time to reach a critical mass. But because of 
consistency we can bring about very formidable numbers. It is very important to gauge the 
success from where we started, that is zero to close to INR900 crores as of now. If we grow 
around 30% plus will be doubling our AUM every two to and a half years so that will be a 
formidable size and within a decade it will be in excess of say INR10,000 crores co -insisting 
with the vision of the company for 2036. 
This is a very clear indication or capabilities to compound. And the robust growth in CAGR is 
visible in our PAT also, we have grown our PAT at the CAGR of 52%.  Now this is on our 
distribution network. We operate through 101 branches and majority we are focused out of 
Gujarat followed by Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. Now out of these 101 
branches, we have support of 26 parent branches, the parent comp any's branches, MFSL 
branches and typically I mean this is a developing vertical, so we keep it asset light. 
Once we reach a economies of scale we have our dedicated branches in place. Again out of this 
101 branches we have special focus on rural areas typically village branches catering to the 
farmers who are into agri and milk segment. So we have 34 dedicated vi llage branches in 
Gujarat, and we plan to add 10 more in Gujarat. Currently we are if we talk about Gujarat, we 
are more focused on the North Gujarat part that is Himmatnagar belt and all and now we want 
to add Saurashtra that is the Western part and Southern part that is Surat and surroundings. 
On the sourcing part I mean we source our business through direct sales team, builder tie ups 
that is APFs, third party channels that is connectors. We have our outreach programs. I mean 
typically we do the umbrella marketing; our team goes out, we try to reach the customer on his 
way to office or home. We conduct activities at crossroads of industrial areas or rental areas 
where you have more footfalls. There we give the product information; there we talk to the 
customer and broad base we try to judge the eligibility. 
===== [PDF PAGE 30] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 48 
 
We just update him with the requirements and try to generate a lead with these outreach 
marketing programs. Similarly we do Loan Melas at developer's place, we have APFs, we do 
the tie ups with the developers and we keep Loan Melas. We are also present on social media 
that is Facebook. We have our static post and reels on product information and probing the 
customer to come up and generate a lead and check his eligibility with us. 
Now this is our product variants. In case of housing it is Home Purchase Loan, Home 
Construction Loan, Home Extension Loan and in case of developers as we said it is construction 
finance to developers for completion of the projects. Now typically these are  not very rated 
developers, they need money to complete their projects. The product cycle is such you know 
that the developers they put in their money and then there comes a stage wherein they are stuck 
up at times. 
The next inflow is from the customers as margin money or from the part payment from the bank 
who has from where the customer has availed loan so there is a gap at that time. So we have our 
credit screen in place and accordingly if the builder qualifies, we  give a project loan with you 
know 2x cover as collateral. We take the land as collateral. So that is on the construction loan 
and next is commercial property loan.  These are typically shops, new and old and industrial 
sheds again for retail customers. 
Now talking about the tenure in the housing range it is up to 300 months for all the housing loan 
products that is home purchase, home construction and home extension. In case of construction 
finance to developers it is 36 months and for commercial property that is shops it is 144 months 
or 12 years. 
Talking about the target customers, these are individuals who are salaried, self -employed, 
moreover non-professionals and farmers. Now if we just to illustrate if we take an example of 
Mumbai, our customers would be somebody who want to buy a home at Nalasopara or Naigaon 
or Boisar, Palghar or towards Kalyan that is Vangni , Shelu and all that. So he will be typically 
employed at a micro small medium enterprise, and he wants to avail a house of his own. 
And majority of the customers are first time buyers. Similarly for the developer finance for 
affordable developers. And talking about the ticket size, in home purchase it is INR8 lakhs to 
INR10 lakhs. In construction it is INR5 lakhs to INR7 lakhs. Typically these are in the tier 2 
locations, tier 3 locations. And home extension renovation it is INR3 lakhs to INR5 lakhs.  
Typically these are rural customers who want home improvement loans who want to improve 
their sanitation facility or tiles or add up a room or add up a floor. And similarly for the 
construction loans for developers is INR2 crores to INR3 crores and commercial property or 
shop loans it is INR6 lakhs to INR8 lakhs. 
Now this is way forward. We are aiming to grow our AUM by 30 %-35% over medium to long 
term. And these are the enablers, strong industry growth. Just recently there was a review at 
NHB and if I just quote crisp numbers, currently 35% of the people in India are living in urban. 
===== [PDF PAGE 31] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 48 
 
And that is expected to grow further to 40% by 2030 and 50% by 2050. So from 30 crores further 
it would be we are expecting the population also to grow to 160 crores by 2050. 
So from 50 to 80, 30 crores more people are likely to live in the cities. So this is a great enabler 
for growth. Again will expand our branch network, we will take the help of our parent company, 
we will keep asset light branches and will expand our branch  networks to other neighbouring 
state. Gujarat is there but MP, Rajasthan and Maharashtra will be adding up branches. 
We have our digitalization in place; we have a loan origination system and loan management 
system in place. We will continue to improve and focus on that. That will give us a better TAT, 
a better operating expenses, improve our operating expenses and that will add on to our revenues. 
We are targeting sustained profitability, targeting RO in the range of 2 %-2.5% and ROE in the 
range of 15% in medium term. Further, unlocking the value of parent company with , we are 
planning a potential IPO by next 5 years. An d this vertical, housing vertical should contribute 
15% of the consolidated AUM in medium to long-term. Thank you.  
Meet Chande:  Thank you Himanshu sir for your presentation. Our next speaker for today is Mr. Nishant Jain, 
who is the Chief Risk Officer at the company. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant with over 
15 years of experience in credit and risk management in financial industry. 
He is responsible for managing the overall risk, defining the product and policies and risk 
frameworks of the company. He has been associated with the company since 2018 and his 
agenda for today is: Robust risk management and credit underwriting. May I request sir to please 
come on stage for presentation. 
Nishant Jain:  Good evening, everyone. So I try to be as fast as possible I can be. So to take you forward how 
we do risk management at MA S because this is one of the critical  things in current volatile 
scenario. So we try to ensure that we enhance our risk guardrails on a continuous basis to achieve 
the vision of the company. 
So for that, what we have done is we have strong credit policies and processes for each and every 
product. So as already told -- as already mentioned earlier that we have multiple products and in 
those multiple products also there are sub-segments. So we define the strong policies and process 
which helps us in maintaining our portfolio quality. 
We are not in the business of eliminating risk, we are in the business of managing it. So we have 
a defined risk tolerance limit at each and every level which helps us in monitoring all the things 
on a regular and continuous basis.  We keep on doing data and scenario analysis to understand 
where we are going wrong and what correct actions need to be taken up. 
We have a strong monitoring and reporting team which continuously escalates all different kind 
of data, all different kind of reports and MIS for the management and other stakeholders, so that 
they can take corrective steps whenever it's required and this is that monitoring reports there are 
early warning signals which stand or trigger to the team that where they  are doing wrong and 
what is need to be changed. 
===== [PDF PAGE 32] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 31 of 48 
 
 Along with this, we also do a different kind of stress and behavioural analysis which helps us in 
predicting future broad level changes and give us a fair bit of idea that certain  things may go 
wrong in future and accordingly we can change the policies. 
So broadly from a risk oversight and discipline perspective, these are the critical historical  
performance of the company that from a liquidity and ALM standpoint of view, the company's  
liquidity is positive and we don't have any negative mismatch in any of the buckets  even in a 
very severe stress scenario, if we apply different shocks to our collections  going forward or we 
give shocks on various behavioural patterns also, despite all this our liquidity is going to remain 
positive. So that is our liquidity discipline for you. 
From a capital management point of view, as on December, we have a very strong capital  
position. We continuously keep on monitoring the capital requirement of the company based on 
our consumption requirement based on various shocks event. So based on internal assessment 
also, our capital position is strong enough and we have a sufficient capital buffer available with 
us even if we apply a various severe stroke  scenario also, which helps us in keeping a cushion 
for an adverse scenarios also. 
From an asset quality point of view, our GNPA and NPAs are constantly monitored and it's well 
within the defined tolerance limit.  We have an early mechanism which is constantly giving us 
triggers. So we constantly keep on working on it and basis that wherever is required, we make 
all the changes in the policies and process on a continuous basis. 
From a financial discipline standpoint of view, we have a sustained profitability, and we keep 
on tracking our ROAs. So we have defined a ROAs limit and basis that we are monitoring our 
financial performance. We have a strong risk based pricing mechanism internally, which helps 
us in getting a desired ROAs for our product. 
And along with this, we constantly monitoring other financial matrices, which helps us in  
creating a financial discipline in the organization. From the credit risk management perspective, 
I just like to highlight that we have a very structured lending approach in the company. We have 
a strong LOS system and overall LOS journey. 
Along with this, we have a strong underwriting team where we have strong people at place who 
understand the product, who understand the field nuances, who understand how the  products 
need to be done and what kind of an assessment practices need to be adopted. Along with this, 
we have a risk pricing mechanism for various and different kind of risk.  The product needs to 
be priced accordingly so that we have we got a desired ROAs. 
So we understand which product will lead to what kind of losses and basis that risk pricing  is 
defined. Along with this, we have a strong portfolio monitoring and recovery and collections 
team, which helps us in managing the NPAs well within the defined limits. 
I take you to the next slide, how we do a credit assessment at MAS. So we have a product based 
policies for each and every product. We have a mechanism for assessing borrower for each and 
===== [PDF PAGE 33] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 32 of 48 
 
every product.  Along with this, we also verif y the repayments of the borrower.  We have a 
defined resource for each and every product basis that we keep on monitoring the performance. 
Along with this, we have a negative and cautious list. We categorize the customer based on the 
risk level of the borrower. And along with this, we ensure that our portfolio is well diversified.  
So we have multiple products, multiple geographies we are dealing with, and we are doing 
business in multiple industries. So we are not concentric in any particular segment. So that helps 
us in even in any kind of a macro event. Our portfolio got impacted to that particular geography 
or industry. Other portfolio remains immune from the risk. 
And basis our overall performance , I like to highlight that the company constantly keep on 
calibrating the policies and processes, which ensures that the performance of the product remains 
robust. I also like to highlight you that this is the overall journey from a login to disbursement  
more or less product to product. It may change a slightly or bit of it, but majority of the process 
or parts remain same. 
The files move from sales, then it moves to credit, credit to Ops . And Ops, post Ops is  got 
disbursed and post disbursement, the collections and recovery process takes place.  So from a 
monitoring standpoint of view, for each and every other different risk, we keep on monitoring it 
on various counts.  But from a credit risk standpoint of view, these are the critical parameters 
which we monitor apart from the other things. 
One is gross and NPAs. Along with this, we have defined in systems the early warning triggers, 
which helps us in identifying the early indicators. Along with this, we also monitor the collection 
efficiencies. We have a system of modelling where it helps us in predicting certain cohorts or 
buckets which are not doing good. 
And this is that we make certain changes on our policies front.  We have a strong data analytics 
team, which helps us in analyzing the performance on various counts and parameters. We also 
analyze the peers performance, how they are doing it in comparison to what our  performance 
currently is. And this is that if we need to learn from them, we can do the certain adjustment 
accordingly. Along with this, we also monitor the ROAs. 
So if the product is not making profit for you, it's not making sense to do that business.  So we 
constantly monitor that the product is generating sufficient ROAs or not.  And basis all these 
parameters, we make necessary changes in the policy wherever is required. So this is one of the 
critical slide. This demonstrates the company's performance and the risk management over the 
period of time. So as you can see, the performance remains robust over the period of time. 
Our GNPA stands at 2.56 % as on December 2025 and with an NPA of 1.72 % So along with 
this, MAS is constantly and actively de -risking. De-risking is portfolio across geographies, 
product and distribution channel. So that also helps us in maintaining the risk level. 
===== [PDF PAGE 34] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 33 of 48 
 
So what's  way forward for the risk management team?  So we are constantly reviewing and 
improving our processes. We want to ensure that our product and policies remain aligned with 
the mission of the company. 
So strategizing alignment is very critical.  Along with this, we are working on our technology 
part and leveraging on the same so as to ensure that we have an operational efficiencies at overall 
organization level. And there is strong controls and enablers are there. 
So manual error chances got reduced by having a high level of technology implementation.  
Along with this, the company is also focused on emerging and non -traditional risk,  likes of 
climate risk, which has huge consequences. So we are monitoring those also. 
Along with this, we are monitoring the macro parameters which can have impact.  So you have 
seen over the last decades, there are multiple headwinds,  which has impacted the performance 
of NVSE. So as a company, we are constantly monitoring those parameters, which can have an 
impact on the organization. 
And according to those headwinds, we are making necessary changes in our overall processes.  
And along with this, we are constantly working on strengthening the risk culture of the company. 
We are defining each and every member's roles in risk awareness and risk management at MAS. 
And according to those, we are guiding the team that they will remain accountable to  the 
performance and vision of the company.  So we are strengthening those processes.  Thanks. 
Thanks for your time. Over to you, Meet.  
Meet Chande: Thank you, Nishant sir, for your presentation. Our next speaker is Mr. Ankit Jain. He is the CFO 
of the company since November 2019.  And he has several years of experience in the financial 
services industry. His areas of responsibilities include liabilities management, investor relations, 
and treasury functions.  He holds a bachelor's degree in commerce from Pune University.  And 
he is an MBA from ICFA University. 
And his agenda for today is strong liability management.  May I request sir, to please come on 
stage for the presentation. 
Ankit Jain: Thank you, Meet. Good evening to all. This is on the pillars of capital liability management. The 
company's financial strategy is anchored on these four core pillars.  First is adequately 
capitalized, that is capital management. Whereby the company should be adequately capitalized 
in terms of growth target and risk covering. Asset and liability management, where the liability 
should compensate the asset maturity pattern. 
Resource management, whereby the resource should be well diversified. And most importantly, 
maintaining competitive cost of borrowing  and generating healthy ROE.  This framework 
enables the company to support sustainable growth while maintaining the risk discipline. 
This is further on the capital management. Whereby as you all know, we are well capitalized at 
22.84% as on December.  With Tier 1 capital of 21.48%.  In June '24, we raised fresh capital 
===== [PDF PAGE 35] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 34 of 48 
 
through QIP of INR500 crores. This QIP raise was after seven years of IPO whereby we tripled 
our AUM. 
And this proves our business model, which is self -propelling. By self -propelling, we mean 
capital requirement of our business  is generated majorly through internal accrual.  Thereby 
limiting our reliance on frequent external equity infusion. The strategy of the company in terms 
of capital is to keep capital adequacy at around 20%.  Debt equity at around 4.5 x. Target ROA 
to be in the range of 2.75% to 3%. And thereby resulting ROE at around 15% to 17%. 
In terms of right now the capital level,  we are well-placed to achieve our immediate target of 
INR20,000 crores whereby 20% to 25% of the AUM will be off-book through direct assignment 
and co-lending transaction enabling capital efficiency and risk diversification. 
 Also, we have a great room to raise Tier 2 capital as and when it is required.  This is on the 
liability management whereby liability is raised  whereby asset liability, maturity pattern is 
always matched and we have a diversified resource mix. Our borrowing profile is well-supported 
by strong credit rating which is AA- from care and double stable from acuity. 
As we desire or as we strategize to have 20% to 25% of AUM off -book, our asset pattern 
supported whereby 80% of the portfolio is MSME loans including the CV loans as per and this 
loans qualify as a practice after lending  and retail loan for the purchaser.  This is on the 
instrument-wise breakup and lender-wise breakup of our sources of fund. 
Our sources of fund is well diversified with both instrument -wise and lender -wise reducing 
concentration risk and enhancing funding stability.  This is on the diversified lenders. The 
company has a broad and diversified lender base with no undue dependence on a limited number 
of lenders. If you see all the top lenders of the country, we have a borrowing relationship and a 
very immaculate track record. 
 This is a depiction of our ALM maturity pattern  whereby if you see we have a great cushion in 
terms of surplus fund and in none of the cumulative buckets there is a negative mismatch. Even 
if we closely monitor individual buckets  whereby up to 1-year there should be no negative 
mismatch. 
In terms of liquidity management, company keeps 3-month of liability and the operating expense 
estimated as liquidity on hand  and we include liquidity on hand as cash and cash equivalents, 
liquid investments and immediately drawable limits. Company also tracks unencumbered assets 
which provide flexibility to raise secured funding as and when required and also to execute DA 
transactions. 
This is in terms of way forward whereby we will remain adequately capitalized at about 20% in 
line with our strategic intent to reduce the required liability  -- to ensure the required liability 
raised adequately and timely. 
===== [PDF PAGE 36] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 35 of 48 
 
Further diversification of sources of fund with focus to reduce dependency on Indian banks and 
single type of instrument  target to maintain around 20% -25% as off book  through direct 
assignment even on a larger scale  to maintain robust ALM which commensurate with the 
dynamic of the tenure of asset  and to minimize the impact of carrying costs while maintaining 
adequate liquidity on hand.  We have a strong belief that this approach is expected to support  
scalable growth, balanced resilience and stakeholder confidence over the medium to long-term. 
Thank you. 
Meet Chande: So, in the interest of time, we are taking IT presentations  and the credit presentation before the 
HR presentation now so that we can show you the live demonstration of what technologies we 
are using. So next speaker is Mr. Raj en Shah, who is the CTO of the company and has been 
working with the company for more than 30 years. 
 He holds the bachelor's degree in science from Gujarat University  and he is an MCA from 
IGNOU. He brings in strong technical expertise and strategic leadership to drive the  scalable 
and secure IT solutions at MAS.  He plays a key role in aligning technology initiatives and 
business objectives and he actively fosters a culture of innovation and digital transformation 
across the organization. He is responsible for managing IT infrastructure, EDP operations, 
project execution and end -to-end software development. His agenda for today is leveraging  
technology across the spectrum, powered by in-house tech. Sir, I request you to please come on 
stage. 
Meet Chande: We will jump to live demonstration first, sorry for this inconvenience. Okay. So I would request 
Darshil, who is the Credit Head, to show the live demonstration of our technology. Yes. So 
Darshil Thakkar is the qualified Chartered Accountant, Company Secretary and Certified 
Management Accountant. He is the Head of Credit for the Retail Asset Channel and SME 
Lending at MAS, and he has been working with the company since more than 11 yea rs and he 
will take you through the live demonstration of ou r SME and two-wheeler LOS what we have 
developed internally i.e. BRE-enabled LOS and he will also take you through the CAM files and 
the AI-driven PD discussions which we have. Over to you, Darshil. 
Darshil Thakkar: So thank you, Meet. Good evening everyone. I will be presenting our phygital LOS that 
transforms lending into a real-time data-driven, algorithmic decision platform rather than being 
just a process tool. The platform uses data triangulation, arithmetic dec isioning, dynamic rule 
engines and real-time orchestration to deliver faster approval with lower risk. So can we have a 
login screen? So this is our login screen of the LOS. 
 The logins can be done through any channel, for ease we will be doing a demo through an 
employee login. So the employee will login into the LOS. This is the login screen. We will 
quickly take up one of the sample cases. This is a live case which is live in  the system. So the 
person who is login, the sales team, will input few key details and rest of the details are auto -
captured through predefined logins. 
 So here the only the customer name and the constitution type needs to enter. Once he inputs the 
PAN card through a backend, we will directly fetch the GST details and all the complementing 
===== [PDF PAGE 37] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 36 of 48 
 
details will be auto -captured. So next the customer or the sales team needs to enter the basic 
borrowing details, borrower details, which will be and like whether he is a proprietor or what is 
his designation. 
 Then through an Aadhaar -based OCR, the front and the back side of the Aadhaar is uploaded 
into the system and all the details which are there in the Aadhaar are auto-filled, you don't need 
to enter anything. Then the GST details are auto-captured. Over here a consent link is sent to the 
customer to fetch the GST details. Similarly, if account aggregator feature is available and the 
customer consents to it, the bank -- the consent is done over here, otherwise the bank statements 
are uploaded. 
 And once rest of the details are filled in and an email and a WhatsApp message is sent to the 
customer and once he provides his acceptance on processing the file, the system starts its actual 
process. So I will quickly run you through what are the basic ba ckground checks which the 
system does. As the system first of all fetches the GST details from only a PAN and this and the 
details are captured from the GST website itself. Next based on the PAN, we will also come to 
know about the name matches, whether the Aadhaar seeding is there or not, every detail is being 
auto-captured through the APIs. 
 We will also review their Udyam certificate, this is also an API -based integration that is there. 
So we will come to know whether there is any identity risk or not or identity fraud which is there 
or not. Now starts the data triangulation and algorithmic d ecisioning. So the bank statements 
which we initially uploaded, it's very easier if you can get it into an Excel, but we have gone one 
step ahead and used various algorithmic decisions and we can come to know about what are the 
various transactions which are being done. 
 Can we just go directly into the detailed analysis portion? Yes. So the bank statements which 
are being uploaded over here, so just by a mere click, we will come to know within fraction of 
seconds what are the various transactions which are done across the  12 months, what are the 
interfirm transactions, what are the sister concern transactions, we will even come to know what 
are the loan receipts, loan repayments, EMI bouncing if any, and everything just at your 
fingertips. So this reduces the credit decisioning and the TAT involved to a greater extent. 
 Now we will see how this data triangulates with the GST details. So once the customer gives a 
consent within fraction of seconds, say 5 to 10 seconds, we will get the GST details. So from the 
GST details, we will not only come to know what are the monthly purchases or the sales, the 
GST filing frequency, we will also come to know what are the various circular transactions and 
who are from whom they have done the transactions, like who are the suppliers, who are the 
customers, what are the aggregate transactions done on a 12, 24 or 18 month basis. 
 And as you can see, we will also come to know what are the banking transactions which are 
being mapped against that particular supplier or the customer. So this is the power of data 
triangulation as you can see. Now we have gone one step ahead with, you ca n say, borrowing 
analysis. So we all know that CIBIL report we most of us in the field of credit see each and every 
===== [PDF PAGE 38] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 37 of 48 
 
day, but we have used the algorithmic decisioning and dynamic rule in order to create a direct 
borrowing profile. 
 So from the CIBIL, we directly capture what are the live loans, what are the outstanding, and 
what is the sanctioned amount, sanctioned date and so on. And these details are then data through 
data triangulation with the bank statements, we can come to know in which month the EMIs are 
being paid, at what date they are being paid. Not only this, now say if in the bank statements 
there are some EMIs but we are unable to track the same in the CIBIL report, then also it gets 
highlighted in a separate field. So this reduces the task of a credit officer to a greater extent. 
 Now, based on all the datas, the credit officer or the credit analyst will have certain questions. 
So we do a system-driven PD. The link is sent directly through the system itself to the customer 
mobile and the customer using the link will open the video P D software, and we will see what 
happens through a live demonstration of a case. So in this particular case, a couple of days back, 
we had done a PD. So we will play a video of the same for a couple of minutes. 
[Video Presentation] 
 So as you can see, it was a 20-minute conversation with the prospective customer. Now through 
AI, you can see a summarized transcript of it. The system will not only capture the longitude 
and the latitude to verify the place, but it will also provide us wi th the synopsis of whateve r 
discussion has been happened. 
 As you can see, the discussion through AI has been highlighted through various pointers like 
whether the conversation was about a family member, about the business, what all details were 
provided by the customer and so on. And one more thing, like you heard, it was the conversation 
was in Gujarati, the system auto -translated into English. So the conversation can be in any 
language: Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, anything. We can easily come to know what was the 
conversation and also we can track the authenticity of every detail. 
 So now we will directly jump onto the eligibility. So using all this datas, the system will perform 
the checks and through various rule engines, the eligibility is being displayed over here. So over 
here the credit officer only needs to check whether all t he data are in sync with the PD details 
and so on. If he's satisfied, he will proceed to the next step and proceed directly with the 
recommendation and so on. So this is the score matrix. So using the various rule and policy 
parameters, the data is auto-populated and a risk score is assigned to it. So this way helps us with 
the risk-based pricing also. 
 Now, based on various data source, if the policy parameters are breached or if it requires any 
higher authority approvals and so on, then it gets auto -triggered and the case moves into that 
particular authority's tray. And over here also, there are various  restrictions which are kept that 
the permissible amount, you won't be able to enter higher than what the system reflects or as per 
the authority or the deviation matrix. 
===== [PDF PAGE 39] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 38 of 48 
 
 And once the case is approved into the system, the LOI is sent directly through the system itself 
to the customer and based on the acceptance of the LOI, the disbursement and the other 
operational process moves on directly through the system itself. And if  the customer agrees for 
an E-agreement, the E-agreements are also done through the LOS itself. So this was more about 
an SME customer. Now we will quickly talk about now a customer who has asked loan for a 
two-wheeler product. This product is much more f aster and much more digital, which not only 
uses the SME framework which I just showed, but it has an end-to-end digitization as well. 
 So we'll take an example of one of the case over here. So again, the basic details are captured by 
the employee and like in the SME, using the PAN and the Aadhaar, all the correspond details 
are auto-captured. So over here also within fractions of minutes, you can say the loan application 
will be ready for evaluation. So the basic customer details are captured, then the sub -dealer 
details, occupation, bank details, like in SME, everything is also done over here as well. So here 
the employee will just input  the manufacturer details, model, and the category will be auto -
captured through the rule engines. 
 So over here also, there are various API markings in the consumer bureau, if we can show. So 
rather than a traditional PDF, over here through various algorithm engines and rule engines, we 
have got this detail. Now the details are mapped in the bureau and the details which are input 
into the LOS, they are auto-match based on the rules which are pre-defined. 
 So over here the PAN and everything is also reported in the same way as to us, so we can see 
that it's a proper match. So again, the loan information and everything, you don't need to go 
through the PDF versions. Even if there are any dirogs or any negativ e thing which is there in 
the CIBIL, it will be auto -highlighted over here. So this makes a decision -making much more 
easier and a faster. So all the recent inquiries and everything are mapped over here. 
 So now over here, there is one added feature that we have incorporated which is a face -match 
verification. So when the Aadhaar is uploaded, we also take a live picture of the customer and 
then is an verification which is being displayed over here, that there is a 99.96% matching of the 
face. So we can know that the person whose KYC details are submitted is indeed the borrower. 
So the identity risk is reduced and eliminated in this step. 
 So over here, this is an end -to-end digitalized system wherein if the major policy criteria are 
matched, then the system will auto -generate the policy details and so on, and based on the 
acceptance, it will move directly into the disbursement. So say in th is particular case there are 
no deviations, so it will directly move into the operations team for the disbursement. The delivery 
order for this particular case will be auto-generated and sent for payment purposes. So I'm happy 
to share that everything has  been developed in -house using our intensive experience and 
knowledge on the product and the sectors. 
 So the products that we talked about where something where we can rely more on the bank 
statements and GST returns and other things which are available at our disposal. Now will I will 
talk to you about the MEL product which requires much more human interv ention and human 
===== [PDF PAGE 40] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 39 of 48 
 
intelligence. So if we can show them one CAM report. So one more feature of this is that 
whatever you saw in the LOS can be easily downloaded into a PDF format as well. 
 So this is one of the CAM report. So all the basic information, firm details and everything is 
captured. The KYCs and everything are verified as shown in the earlier SME product. So over 
here, the main thing is how you calculate the eligibility. This is the segment wherein majority of 
the records and transactions happen off the books. So from the bank statements or there are -- 
you won't be able to judge what is their actual income. So over here there is a PD which is being 
done at the customer premise, whi ch is a very exhaustive one. So if we can show them the 
business records which were verified. 
 So the credit officer or the analyst will visit, he will collect whatever the kacha records, bills and 
everything are available and there will also be random checks of the records which will be done.  
So say if he gets a record of supplier, then he will also do verification of that supplier and ask 
whether he is a genuine customer for him or not, what are the transactions which are being done 
on a monthly or an yearly levels and so on. There will be si te visits of the residence premise as 
well.  
So as you can see, this involves more of an human judgment and we power it with the machine 
logic. So I have covered majority of the products over here which we expect to be the driving 
force in achieving of our targets. So as you can see, every loan application is powered by multi-
source data, validated through APIs, scored by algorithms and governed by policy rules, while 
human judgment steps in only where it adds value. Thank you. 
Meet Chande: Thank you Darshil for that detailed presentation. In the interest of time, we'll start with the Q&A 
just by one conclusion slide which we I would like to highlight. So we conclude today's 
presentation by reaffirming that team MAS remains dedicated to realizing the vision of reaching 
a milestone of INR1,00,000 crores  AUM in next decade, leveraging a track record of proven 
performance over the past three decades and pursuing compounding with prudence in the years 
ahead. Following the dictum of excellence through endeavors, which we now reckon as purpose 
led progress driven.  
So we'll now start with the question and answer session. I would request team to please arrange 
the chairs here. So anyone who wishes to ask question can raise their hand and we will have a 
mic there. You can introduce yourself and then ask the question, please. 
Anil Tulsiram: Thank you, this is Anil Tulsiram from Bestp als Research. First of all, thanks a lot for very 
detailed presentation, I can see lot of hard work has gone. So my question is on micro-enterprise 
loan. If we look at the period FY20 to FY22 and FY24 to FY26, rest of the industry who is into 
micro loans which is less than INR1 lakh, had a very high credit cost, almost double digits for 
these two years. 
So what is that we have done differently, that our credit cost from the gross NPA and the other 
numbers looks like we never  crossed the single digit there. So that’s the one question a nd 
===== [PDF PAGE 41] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 40 of 48 
 
simultaneously if you can clarify during these years, how much, what part of the micro loans 
was generated directly through the branches? That's it. Thank you. 
Nishant Jain:  So from a micro -level loan customer perspective, you are talking about more of ten a micro-
finance customer. Ours is two notches above those customers. And along with this, we have a 
credit process where we assess the income, we meet the customer, that is what we have shown 
you overall the process point of view and we are doing this business from a very long period of 
time, so we have understand the nuances and the field-level understanding.  
We visit the customer, meet them, we see to it that what operations they are having and basis 
that only the credit judgments are done. So that is why the major reason is that our portfolio 
performance remain benign in this product segment and what’s the next question.  
Anil Tulsiram: And what part of the micro enterprise loan is generated directly throughout branches during this 
period? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So it’s majority of the sources and  some part is through NBFC, but majority is thr ough direct 
sourcing.  
Anil Tulsiram: Thank you. That’s it. 
Meet Chande:  Anyone who want to ask question can raise their hands. 
Analyst: I was just going through your numbers one thing I notice was like your expenses especially the 
employee expenses and other expenses part of it has grown much faster than the AUM growth. 
In fact it is almost like 35%, 40%. So I wanted to understand – I understand the hard work that 
has gone into the tech platform, everything, but in going forward do we expect this the expense 
growth to come down and we get some operating leverage out of whatever investment we have 
made or how do we look about the expense portion going forward? 
Dhvanil Gandhi:  So the increase in the overall opex including the employee, which is a part of the opex cost as 
well, has been due to the strategic shift that we have done over the last four to five years from 
our partnership led distribution model to our direct led distribution model. So that has led to the 
costs that we have incurred. We were roughly in and around '21-'22 -- 2021-22 we were roughly 
at around 100 branches.  
We have doubled that over a period of last three years. And we have changed the sourcing mix 
from roughly around 50% partnership based to around 35% partnership based and 65% from our 
direct distribution from our 210 branches. So this has led to the overall increase in the opex.  
But again as we have communicated in the past, the number that has to be seen along with opex 
has to be the ROA number, wherein that has not changed. And we have been constantly hovering 
around 2.75% to 2.85% kind of an ROA. That is just because the yields have also increased, 
opex has also increased, but the profitability also has been kept intact.  
===== [PDF PAGE 42] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 41 of 48 
 
Going forward  the focus for the last six months, nine months we have not increased any 
branches. The focus has been to get these branches to higher efficiencies. Going forward also 
we will not be going very aggressive in branch opening. We look at getting these branches  to 
the right efficiency and then expanding further. But in the retail lending industry, cost to income 
in this range is something which is  normal. And our focus  will be to obviously work on o pex 
and other levers also to increase the ROA from time to time.  
Analyst: Yes. Thanks. So just a follow up on that question. O n your opex part, what percentage of your 
opex is based on tech expenses? That's one. And another is a broa der question on the tech part. 
You gave a very broad presentation about the tech and all, very detailed. Wanted to understand 
what has been the development in terms of TAT and efficiency over the last 3 -5 years? And 
what is the medium and the long-term goal that we look at our tech?  
Dhvanil Gandhi:  So for us tech, unfortunately because of time we couldn't concentrate on the tech pre sentation. 
But around 5 to 6 years, 7 years ago we were at a crossroad at around INR4,000 crores  to 
INR5,000 crores of AUM. We had to choose between two either one of the model which is SaaS 
or built and operate.  
We had to choose between one of the model and we chose the built and operate model where 
we invested in the team, the IT team. So now we have a team of more than 100 developers and 
business analysts. And the journey has been wonderful where the technology has withstood the 
litmus test of scalability as well.  
So we have scaled up from almost say INR5,000 crores kind of an AUM when we really started 
the LOS development and all of those programs. Earlier also we had technology, but it was not 
at this level. But last four to five years have been transformational for us in terms of technology 
development in-house.  
So for us the tech cost majorly is the employee cost. So it is a part of the overall employee cost. 
I will ask my colleague to just get back on the exact number. But for us hardware and the 
employee cost forms the tech expense rather than the SaaS or the fee or the fees that we pay to 
maybe third party service providers.  
Annual cost for tech is in and around INR12 crores to INR15 crores approximately. And with 
the availability in terms of what further cost -- further opex we can incur, we will be investing 
further in this as well. And all of this is developed in-house. So that is something that has kudos 
to the team because we have a lot of lateral hiring from time to time.  
And the kind of feedback that we have received not only from our in -house team, but from the 
people who have joined from other organization has been very positive. Going forward, the focus 
will be getting the TAT even lower. So currently average TAT for all our products, at least for 
the retail piece which is two -wheeler and all of t hose products is a single day. Sometimes 
disbursements within 3 to 4 hours.  
===== [PDF PAGE 43] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 42 of 48 
 
SME, MEL takes 1 to 3 days.  And we feel that now we are -- we have the base set. We are 
working further on reducing the efforts of our team in terms of data entry wherever we can, sales 
team. Efforts of our credit underwriting team in terms of data crunching to the maximum extent 
it has been eliminated.  
So we don't want them to  use Excel for listing down the credit, debit entries and all of those 
things. We are way past that. We want their focus more on identifying, talking to the customer, 
identifying any gaps potential if there are any and helping us improve the overall policy and the 
product.  
So we feel that along with AI, we showcased one glimpse of the AI adoption which is real-time 
PD, real-time translation, transcript and the transcript which is ready in our desired format. We 
are working on Agentic AI for CRM department for collections where we don't have to deploy 
additional manpower, number one.  
Number two, we are working on chatbot workflows again for CRM and customer service where 
customer queries and all of those things can be handled by the machine itself. We don't need to 
deploy people over there. So these are on the CRM side in terms of new initiatives for reducing 
TAT and increasing customer satisfaction and service. And reducing the TAT and getting more 
data analytics into the system to help the underwriting team. That's the way forward.  
Analyst: Hi. Good evening. T hanks for a detailed presentation. I have questi ons on the NBFC 
relationships. One is what would be the current average size of the AUM of our NBFC relations? 
And over the last 15 years how many of -- what would be the time period or  legacy of these 
relationships extended like would -- how many would have dropped off? How many would have 
sustained with us, that is first part? 
And second is, when we say our goal of achieving 1,00,000 crores kind of a AUM, how would 
the NBFC piece fit in  because they also would have aspirations to become much larger and 
maybe move out of our umbrella fold or become an independent entity. So how would you 
manage these relationships as we become large?  
Darshana Pandya:  Yes. So, currently we -- where we add value is the smaller NBFCs whereby their ticket size 
ranging from right from AUM of INR50 crores to let's say INR1000 crores. So that is where the 
majority of the portfolio sits. And secondly, yes  you have marked it correctly that once  they 
grow beyond a size, then they are not with us.  
But what we do is we are continuously adding new NBFC partners. If they are -- their products 
are in alignment with our products and other parameters are also okay. But to address this, right 
now we are -- what we are focusing upon is that we are focusing more on our direct retail 
business model. So going forward, what right now it is -- the NBFC port folio is contributing 
around 34%, 35%. Going forward within next 3 to 5 years, it can be 25 to 30% as well.  
Dhvanil Gandhi:  And I just want to add to that. That even when they grow, what happens is if you look at our 
lenders list, there are 44 lenders, right? And there were like 6, 7 NBFCs in that. So even if these 
===== [PDF PAGE 44] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 43 of 48 
 
guys get bigger, the nature of business is such that you will have to constantly be aligned and 
keep some exposure with entities, various entities apart from private PSU banks as well.  
So we will get opportunity to work with them. We can also work at finer rates. We can also work 
at competitive rates. So for them in their overall liability mix if we are 3% and if we are charging 
maybe 200 bps higher than their cheapest cost of borrowing, I don't think that that will make any 
marked impact on their profitability, b ut the relationship that we will have with them of 
continuous funding is something that they'll value much more than the 200 -300 bps that we 
charge higher than maybe their cheapest source of funding.  
Analyst: Secondly, we talked about the risk monitoring framework and also on the product side, the IT 
side what we have added. How much of it gets replicated to the NBFC partners over a period of 
time? So like the value addition which we are creating in our busines s, are we compulsorily 
making the NBFC partners also copy it o r they can have a different risk management and 
monitoring framework from our risk monitoring framework?  
Nishant Jain:  So from a system point of view, we are not forcing them  to use our platform. But it's always 
been requirement that they should have a strong processes and policies and  the system at their 
level. So as my colleague also shared, when we do the field visit, we see what kind of MIS they 
are generating. 
What kind of a portfolio quality they are having and what kind of processes are they -- they are 
having. So if they are not having a robust systems  or an MIS is in place, the comfort with the 
companies is not to what our internal processes say. So we kind of reject those companies. So 
it's must to have a good MISs and systems  at the company level. That is what are one of th e 
monitoring and an assessment requirement at while selecting the companies.  
Dhvanil Gandhi:  And these are developing. That is where the friend, philosopher, guide role comes in. These are 
all developing companies where our risk and relationship team is engaging very closely with 
them to help them develop risk models, frameworks to the level that we are ourselves operating 
at. That is where our input as a partner and not only as a lender comes in. That's the value add.  
Analyst: Hi, good evening. I h ave two questions. The first is for the Micro Enterprise Loans, what 
percentage of borrowers would be approximately first time borrowers? And for the borrowers 
who are not first time borrowers, who are you winning the business from? And the second 
question is if you could throw a little more, this is mostly to Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi. If you could 
throw a little mor e light on succession planning a nd besides Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi, if there are 
any more promoter group personnel in the management. Thank you.  
Kamlesh Gandhi:  So MEL will be taken by my colleague. O n the succession planning we have Dhvanil in the 
business. And the rest  my da ughter is not in the business. S o Dhvanil and considering only 
Dhvanil as a part of the Promoter Group, I think I will not be doing justice to the people who are 
working with me since more than 25 years. So they are also the part of the succession planni ng 
in running the company. May not only the ownership. So  Dhvanil the focus is around Dhvanil 
and he will be actively participating going ahead.  
===== [PDF PAGE 45] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 44 of 48 
 
Nishant Jain: From NTC standpoint of view,  the ratio ranges from 5 % to 7% where those are new to cred it 
kind of customer. These days more of less these kind of borrowers are taking some kind of loans 
from other NBFCs or banks. So broadly we are seeing that the ratio of NTC is gradually reducing 
day by day. So at present it ranges between 5% to 7% for our MSME kind of borrowers.  
Analyst: Who are you winning the business from?  
Nishant Jain: So the market is reasonably quite big. There are multiple players who are operating in same 
space. So we are also having our own processes. We already explained you, that we have a field 
team in place , who source the customer, do the different kind of an activities at field level to 
generate and source this business. So that is how the process is. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: And to add to that, generally say us onboarding a borrower is not us -- winning a borrower is not 
somebody else losing a borrower in this scenario , because what happens is that different 
companies have different policies, we as you would have seen in that MSME case, there are 
multiple borrower -- there multiple lenders who sit on the balance sheet even of a small borrower. 
So it's not that if customer borrows from us. 
He -- we have fulfilled his 100% requirement or if he borrows from somebody else , they have 
fulfilled his 100% requirement. Generally what we've seen is as Nishant said, one two-wheeler, 
one consumer durable loan, two or three working capital loans is something that we are regularly 
seeing now in the MEL and the SME space borrowers' balance sheet. 
 So sourcing is direct, yes, yes. If I understood that correctly. And we have 1,000 people in MEL 
for as at the FOS level. Fleet of street level. 
Meet Chande: Request you to kindly identify yourself before asking the question. 
Pratik Chheda: Hi, this is Pratik Chheda here from Guardian Capital Partners. So your salaried personal loan 
segment has now sort of becoming much and -- more and more meaningful almost around 10% 
of your book. Your GNPA in that -- how has the GNPA behaved in that segment first of all? 
And second the question is that your provision coverage ratio is around 25% in that segment 
specifically. So just wanted to understand, how have the LGDs moved in your experience how 
have they moved? And do you plan to increase your provision coverage in this segment going 
forward? 
Nishant Jain: So from LGD perspective, so one thing is that this there is some large portion which is sourced 
through Fintechs, so there we have a cover of an D LG which helps us in keeping our LGDs 
lower. Yes, there is a more or less a default ranging between 3 % to 4% as we have seen in the 
at the industry level, and that is get covered by the DLG provided by this Fintech companies. 
So that is why the LGDs are slightly lower in comparison to other products here in this segment. 
Pratik Chheda:  So the PCR is adequate as of now? 
===== [PDF PAGE 46] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 45 of 48 
 
Nishant Jain: So as of now , the PCR or the LGDs are calculated based on our historical data, based on our 
modelling, so that is giving the result of 25% as on date. As we keep on getting more datas and 
based on that if there is any change, it keeps on reflecting in our modelling. So it's it's not an 
human intervention which builds the LGDs or the PCR . It's a robust system or a model which 
has been adopted by the company , and basis that the PCR or the LGDs are calculated and 
factored in. 
Analyst: Hi, I had a question on your capital consumption. So just wanted to get a better understanding 
for the MAS to grow at 20 %-25% ROEs of 15%, what kind of capital consumption is required 
every year? And if we look at the history of MAS, we have been very conservative in raising 
capital coming into the markets. So going forward as well, how do you see that? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So the way we have worked out, I think during this journey of next decade , we might have to 
raise capital two or three times to be at around 20% capital adequacy or maybe between 18% to 
20%. Currently we are at already at around close to 23%. We de-risk around 20 to 25%. So the 
immediate capital raise can be between INR20 to INR22,000 crores, and then there will be one 
more another capital raise before we reach a milestone. So there will be can be two to three 
capital raise in between. 
Analyst: And one more question I had on your customer journey for a MEL and an SME customer. So 
generally how long does that customer stay with MAS before he moves to a bank or a bigger 
NBFC? So what kind of retention do we see from that kind of a customer? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So MEL stickiness is much higher. So I think we will have customers who are enjoying maybe 
a fifth or a sixth or a seventh cycle with us now , and they have been continuous borrowers. So 
across the board we see a repeat ratio of anywhere between 15% to 30%. 
We have strong guardrails on when we can entertain again after giving a loan, maybe 12 months, 
18 months, we have to see the repayment track record, after that we will entertain again for a 
top-up loan or a fresh loan. But MEL is pretty sticky. SME higher ticket size loans generally 
what we see is anywhere between 24 to 36 months, maybe after that there is a possibility of a 
BT out. 
But over there also that percentage for us is under control currently, and over there also we have 
a repeat ratio of anywhere between 17%-18%. So pretty sticky customer, this thing, because the 
tenors are shorter, loan runs down, their requirement keeps on going up because they are growing 
their own revenues at anywhere between 15% to 50% depending on the size of the organization. 
So they require money consistently, continuously. So maybe we are the ones financing or maybe 
somebody else, but for us , we have seen pretty sticky book in MEL . SME slightly lesser than 
MEL because of the higher ticket size and rate competitiveness from other lenders. 
Analyst: Just the one question. So we say that we want to maintain ROEs of 2.75 to 3, but just to get a 
better perspective from on a product level ROE, so which kind of a product gives us more than 
company level and what kind of product gives us lower than a company level ROE? 
===== [PDF PAGE 47] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 46 of 48 
 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So SME is a product which currently would be slightly lesser than the overall company level 
ROE. Two-wheeler and MEL so SME-MEL would be slightly in that between 2.65 to 2.85 range, 
and the others would be slightly higher between 2.85 to 3 that is the two -wheeler, commercial 
vehicle, PL. These are the three products which are slightly higher.  So average out to around 
2.85. 
Meet Chande: Anyone who want to ask question can raise their hands. 
Anil Tulsiram: Sorry this is Anil Tulsiram from Best Pals  again. I have two questions . First on MEL. I think 
few quarters back, it was mentioned that, eventually we will move to 3 lakh ticket size and the 
growth of the MEL will be lesser than the overall company growth. So can y ou elaborate more 
on this part? 
And the second is , what is the strategy on the co -lending partnership with the banks? Do you 
think it will -- it can play a good role in reaching us in 1 lakh crores do we see with  -- because 
SMEs are finer ticket size. So there can it help us? So these are the two questions. 
Ankit Jain: So in terms of co-lending, right now we prefer more DA in terms of off-book transaction because 
DA is already which we have created the portfolio and bank is also accustomed to do more DA 
as compared to co-lending. Going forward we see that co-lending will also pick up. 
Also there has been a change in co-lending guidelines which has come to live very recently. So 
all the banks are taking fresh guards in terms of co-lending. And even for NBFC we have to take 
a fresh guard in terms of how to arrive on a rate of interest, how to set a fee structure. So this is 
a work in progress, but we see that a combination of DA and co-lending going forward to achieve 
a 20%-25% on a large scale. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: For MEL we are continuously increasing the ticket size. So earlier our cap was at around INR3 
lakhs, then INR5 lakhs, now it's at INR10 lakhs. So there are conscious efforts. It's a 
transformation, it's a phase transformation. It can't be done overnight. But if you look at our 
average ticket size also, the ones that we do directly , it is going up from say INR70,000-
INR80,000 to INR1.2, INR-1.3 lakhs. So as the balance sheet size grows, we want to go higher 
on the higher curve, in terms of ticket size and security maybe and all of those things. So over a 
period of next 2 to 3 years , you can anticipate that this average ticket size could be closer to 
around INR4, INR5 lakhs on the MEL side from the current 90,000 or INR1, INR1.2 lakhs that 
we're seeing. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: No, it will be a combination again. We will keep on, because that's our, see, that's our value add, 
that only lending based on security would be lazy lending. So we don't want to do that. We want 
to do a good mix of secured lending as well as cash  flow-based assessment lending. So maybe 
the risk appetite increases, maybe what INR3 lakhs is till unsecured, we can increase it to maybe 
INR5 lakhs, INR7 lakhs also. 
But it will be a combination, maybe 60-40 kind of a ratio where 60% could be unsecured, 40% 
could be secured. Over a period of time, I think this will settle at around 50-50. And also, we get 
===== [PDF PAGE 48] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 47 of 48 
 
sovereign guarantee covers. So CGTMSC and CGFMU are two sovereign guarantee covers that 
we take for all the eligible portfolios. 
That also, and we have taken, so we have tasted that now, wherein we have paid the premiums, 
we have received the reimbursements as well. And if the government keeps those schemes 
running, these could be secured under that as well. 
Anuj: Yes, this is Anuj from Stratford Investments. What is the breakup between the three channels in 
SME and economics of all these three channels, please? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: In SME, you mean the DSA, DST? 
Anuj: Yes. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So as I had mentioned in my remarks, around 60%-65% is DSA-driven business, referrals DSA-
driven business. Around rest is direct, digital and all of those, and branch walk-in and all is very 
minuscule, sub 5%, I would say. So that's not sizable. Majority is DSA, DST, repeat customers. 
Anuj: Yes, and just the economics of that? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So more or less what happens is that, whatever reimbursement that we have to do to our channel 
partners is part of the yield. So more or less the economics on both the sides will work out to be 
the same. When we do direct origination, the cost of the direct team, the gestation period is 
slightly higher over there. 
Their efficiencies are not at the same level versus a relationship manager who manages DSA 
partnerships. The cost is more or less equivalent. Whatever we incur in terms of DSA payouts, 
almost 70%-80% of that, we have to pay to the in-house employee as maybe commission or as 
a part of the overall opex. 
So the cost dynamics are not that drastically different. We look at, rather than the cost dynamics, 
we look at it from a different angle, is that -- in the SME market, if we can retain the customer, 
originate the customer directly, then over a longer period of time, the CAC can come down. If 
we keep on servicing that customer maybe for two, three, four cycles, the acquisition cost can 
then meaningfully come down. 
But that is a process, I would say. The SME market, especially the ticket size we are operating 
in is deeply proliferated by DSS. Customers also rely on these guys as quasi -CFOs. So direct 
channel is a long-term planned channel, which ideally, we want to take that percentage higher, 
but that's a process. 
Anuj: Thank you. And maybe you partly answered the next question. Is there a number where you 
want to take the direct channel to in the next three, five years. 
===== [PDF PAGE 49] =====
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 48 of 48 
 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Yes, the aspirational number would be at least 50%. 50% to 60% should be direct. The rest could 
be maybe partnership, DSA -driven. But difficult to put a timeline exactly when, but over the 
mid-term, maybe two to three years, the idea would be to be close to that number. 
Anuj: Okay. 
Meet Chande: Okay, so there are no further questions. I think we can conclude this today's session. I would 
request Kamlesh sir to give the closing remarks and then we would request all of you to join us 
for the networking dinner outside. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So thank you everyone for spending your time. It was little lengthy than what we had expected, 
but we tried to be as elaborate as possible. And I will reiterate that we remain committed to our 
objective, what we have laid out for ourselves for the coming d ecade, improving, discovering, 
rediscovering, learning, relearning every day, strengthening the team and what all is required. 
 And that is what we demonstrated over all these years. Thank you for your time. Thank you for 
your support. And I expect that in future also. And very keen to see you again in between too, 
but on achieving this target. Maybe with more presence and with a declaration that we've 
achieved it. So we look forward to it. And thank you so much. 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Please join us for dinner and the team is here if you want to interact one -to-one with anybody, 
we all are here. Thank you. 