SOURCE: inputs/annual-report/Annual_Report_2026.pdf
PAGES: 200


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
4th September, 2026 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543620 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
‘Exchange Plaza’ C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
NSE Symbol: INA 
 
Subject: Notice of the 11th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-
26 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Notice of the 11 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on Monday, 28th September, 2026 at 3:00 PM (IST) 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) along with the Annual Report of 
the Company for the financial year 2025-26.  
 
Further, in terms of Section 108 of the Companies  Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management & 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Company has fixed Monday, 21st September, 2026 as the cutoff 
date to determine the eligibility of the members to cast their vote by remote e -voting and voting during the 
AGM. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Insolation Energy Limited 
 
 
Nitesh Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 66702 
Encl: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
POWERING POWERING 
PROSPERITYPROSPERITY
Annual Report
2025-26
ONE OF INDIA’S LEADING SOLAR PANEL MANUFACTURERS
NSE Symbol: INAScrip Code: 543620
===== PAGE 3 =====
Please ﬁnd our online version at
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/ 
Disclaimer:
This Annual Report of Insolation Energy Limited contains forward-looking statements, which may 
include projections of ﬁnancial and operational performance, plans and expectations for future 
growth, market conditions, and other future events. These statements are based on certain 
assumptions and expectations of future events, which are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, 
and changes in circumstances that are difﬁcult to predict and may be beyond the Company's 
control. Actual results, performance, or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or 
implied in any forward-looking statements due to various factors including, but not limited to, 
economic conditions, regulatory changes, competitive pressures, technological developments, and 
other risks. This Report and the forward-looking statements contained herein are subject to this 
disclaimer in their entirety and should be read in conjunction with the assumptions, risk factors, and 
qualiﬁcations described in the accompanying sections.
Investor Information
L40104RJ2015PLC048445CIN:
543620BSE Code:
INE0LGX01024ISIN Code:
LEADERSHIP BEHIND THE GROWTH 
INANSE Code:
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Glance at
Our Ethos: “Together we Shine!”
Our Growth Journey So Far
Strong Presence Across India  
Growth Drivers
Our Performance
Business Parameters
Financial Highlights
Operational Momentum
A Milestone Moment
Message from Chairman
Message from Managing Director
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Stakeholder Engagement
Mission FY -28 
Manufacturing Facilities
Manufacturing Excellence
Quality Centric Manufacturing
PM Kusum Opportunity 
Integrated Capabilities Driving Long-term Growth
Environmental, Social & Governance (esg)
Policies
Pestle Analysis
Our Key Strengths
Awards
Events/Media Highlights
Recognized, Ranked, Renowned
Key Government Projects Supplier
Urja 4.0 – Channel Partner’s Meet
Brand Partnership For 3 Years
Core Product Portfolio
Leadership Behind The Growth 
Corporate Information
Corporate Overview  3-86
3-8
9-10
11-12
13-14
15-16
17-18
19-20
21
22
23-24
25-26
27-28
29-34
35
36
37-38
39-42
43-44
45-48
49-50
51-52
53-65
66
67
68
69-70
71-72
73-74
75-76
77-78
79-80
81-82
83-84
85-86
Management Discussion & Analysis Report
Director’s Report
Annexures of Director’s Report
Corporate Governance Report
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Statutory Reports 87-218
87-100
101-118
119-140
141-168
169-218
Consolidated Independent Auditors' Report
Consolidated Financial Statement
Standalone Independent Auditors' Report
Standalone Financial Statements
Financial Statements 219-374
219-226
227-302
303-312
313-374
Notice of Annual General Meeting 375-396
===== PAGE 4 =====
INSOLATION ENERGY LTD.
(Annual Report 2025-26)
GLANCE AT
Founded in 2015, Insolation Energy Limited (INA) has emerged as one of 
India's fastest-growing integrated renewable energy companies, driven 
by a bold vision to build a self-reliant solar manufacturing ecosystem and 
become a trusted end-to-end solar energy solutions provider. What 
began as a solar PV module manufacturing venture in Jaipur, Rajasthan, 
has evolved into a diversiﬁed clean energy enterprise with a rapidly 
expanding presence across solar module manufacturing, EPC solutions, 
rooftop solar systems, independent power projects and will strengthen its 
eco system with backward-integrated solar cell manufacturing and 
aluminum frame manufacturing to be captively used.
INA's journey is a testament to its entrepreneurial spirit, strategic foresight 
and relentless pursuit of excellence. From an initial manufacturing 
capacity of 80 MW, the Company has scaled its capabilities to 5.5 GW, 
demonstrating its ability to execute ambitious growth plans while 
consistently creating value for customers and stakeholders. This 
remarkable transformation reﬂects INA's commitment to technological 
advancement, operational excellence and continuous investment in 
strengthening India's domestic solar manufacturing landscape.
Over the years, INA has earned the conﬁdence of customers, channel 
partners, government institutions and leading corporations through its 
unwavering focus on quality, reliability and execution. Its strong B2D 
distribution network, strategic partnerships with Public Sector 
Undertakings (PSUs), government bodies and large industrial customers, 
coupled with its expertise across multiple segments of the renewable 
energy value chain, have positioned the Company as a versatile and 
dependable player in the industry. By seamlessly integrating 
manufacturing excellence with project execution capabilities, INA is 
steadily progressing towards becoming a fully integrated renewable 
energy company.
As India stands at the forefront of one of the world's most signiﬁcant 
energy transitions, INA is proud to be a pioneering force contributing to 
the nation's clean energy aspirations. Supported by progressive policy 
initiatives, growing demand for renewable energy and the vision of 
Atmanirbhar Bharat, the Company is committed to strengthening 
domestic manufacturing, driving innovation and accelerating 
the adoption of sustainable energy solutions. Through its 
integrated business model and long-term strategic 
investments, INA is not only supporting India's energy 
security but also positioning itself as a key 
contributor to the global transition towards a 
cleaner, greener and more sustainable future.
A landmark achievement in INA's 
growth journey was becoming the 
ﬁrst solar module
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
3 4
===== PAGE 5 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
 manufacturing company in India to be listed on the BSE SME Platform, reﬂecting its commitment to 
transparency, strong corporate governance and sustainable value creation. Today, with a clear 
strategic roadmap, expanding manufacturing capabilities and a steadfast focus on innovation and 
customer success, Insolation Energy Limited is well-positioned to shape the future of solar energy and 
reinforce its leadership in India's renewable energy sector.
FY2025-26 marks another transformative chapter in our evolution. Through our wholly owned 
subsidiary, Insolation Green Energy Private Limited, we successfully commissioned a technologically 
advanced 4.5 GW solar PV module manufacturing facility at Village Sawarda, Jaipur, Rajasthan. This 
milestone has increased our total installed solar module manufacturing capacity to 5.5 GW per 
annum and signiﬁcantly strengthened India's domestic solar manufacturing ecosystem.
As part of our long-term strategy to build a fully integrated renewable energy manufacturing 
platform, we have embarked on the development of a 4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing facility along 
with an aluminium frame manufacturing unit with a planned capacity of 18,000 metric tonnes per 
annum at Narmadapuram, Madhya Pradesh. Importantly, the entire 4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing 
capacity is being established in a single phase, reﬂecting our conﬁdence in future demand and our 
commitment to rapid scale-up.
Looking ahead, the Company is actively pursuing plans to establish solar ingot and wafer 
manufacturing facilities, which will further deepen our backward integration strategy. Upon 
completion, Insolation Energy aims to create a seamless and fully captive manufacturing ecosystem 
with a 1:1:1 capacity alignment across ingots, wafers, cells and modules. This integrated structure will 
enhance supply chain security, improve cost efﬁciencies, ensure quality control across the value chain 
and signiﬁcantly reduce dependence on external suppliers, positioning the Company among the few 
fully integrated solar manufacturers in India.
Innovation remains central to our long-term strategy. Beyond manufacturing excellence, we 
continue to invest in advanced technologies, improve product efﬁciency and enhance operational 
performance to meet the evolving needs of the renewable energy sector. Our adoption of high-
efﬁciency TOPCon technology, combined with our evaluation of future opportunities in Battery 
Energy Storage Systems (BESS) and other emerging clean energy technologies, demonstrates our 
commitment to building a future-ready organisation prepared for the next phase of India's energy 
transition.
5 6
Alongside manufacturing, our EPC business continues to strengthen its presence through the 
successful execution of government and private sector projects, including rooftop solar installations, 
PM-KUSUM projects and utility-scale solar developments. Our active participation in ﬂagship 
government programmes such as PM Surya Ghar and PM-KUSUM further reinforces our 
commitment to accelerating clean energy adoption while creating long-term value for customers, 
communities and all stakeholders.
These strategic investments collectively reinforce our vision of transforming Insolation Energy into 
one of India's most integrated renewable energy companies, with end-to-end capabilities spanning 
ingots, wafers, cells, modules, aluminium frames, EPC solutions and emerging energy technologies, 
enabling sustainable growth and long-term value creation.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 6 =====
Our mission is to become a leading Indian 
and global pioneer in solar innovation by 
delivering end-to-end integrated, reliable, 
affordable, and scalable solar energy 
solutions, driven by technological 
excellence, operational efﬁciency, and a 
commitment to creating sustainable value 
for customers, partners, and stakeholders.
MISSION
We value trust, collaboration, and 
a c c o u n t a b i l i ty.  G u i d e d  by  s t ro n g 
governance and sustainability, we deliver 
innovative, reliable, and low-carbon energy 
solutions that create lasting value for 
communities, the planet, and our 
stakeholders. Through our commitment to 
green and sustainable energy, we 
contribute to building a cleaner, more 
resilient future, while playing a vital role in 
the growth of the Indian economy and 
supporting the global transition toward 
sustainable economic development.
VALUES
Our Vision is to deliver reliable, affordable, 
and scalable solar energy solutions that 
empower communities, protect the 
environment, strengthen economic 
development, enhance energy security, 
and accelerate the transition to a 
sustainable and prosperous future.
VISION
INA's goal is to lead the global shift 
from fossil fuels to renewable energy, 
e m p o w e r i n g  i n d u s t r i e s  a n d 
communities with reliable, low-
carbon solar solutions while building 
a sustainable future for generations 
to come.
GOALS 
INA is committed to empowering 
i n d i v i d u a l s ,  b u s i n e s s e s ,  a n d 
communities with innovative solar 
energy solutions that deliver lasting 
value and exceptional customer 
experiences. Through technological 
leadership, strategic partnerships, 
and operational excellence, we aim 
to accelerate India's clean energy 
transition, strengthen energy 
s e c u r i t y ,  a n d  c o n t r i b u t e 
meaningfully to a sustainable, 
prosperous, and self-reliant 
nation.
OBJECTIVES
(Annual Report 2025-26)
7 8
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 7 =====
OUR ETHOS: 
A reﬂection of our belief in shared success creating value through transparency, 
ethics, and inclusive growth. At INA Solar, integrity guides our journey as we grow 
collectively with all stakeholders.
(Annual Report 2025-26)
“ ”TOGETHER WE SHINE!
UTILITY
Utility Scale Projects
Large Ground Mounted
Plants
RESIDENTIAL
Home Solar Solutions
Net Metering Beneﬁts
C & I
Commercial & Industrial
Rooftops
Captive Power Solutions
SOLAR PUMP
Kusum Projects
Agricultural Solutions
9 10
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 8 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
OUR GROWTH JOURNEY SO FAR
Established with the objective of developing high-quality solar photovoltaic solutions, the 
Company has progressively expanded its manufacturing capabilities, strengthened its 
distribution network & diversiﬁed into EPC and renewable energy project development.
Over the years, INA Solar has built a robust ecosystem spanning solar module manufacturing, 
engineering solutions, project execution and emerging energy storage opportunities.
• Inception & 
commissioning of 
our ﬁrst 
automated  Poly 
Line.
2017
80 MW
•  Insolation Green 
Energy Pvt. Ltd was 
formed as 100% 
subsidiary of 
Insolation Energy Ltd.
•  750 MW new line for 
PERC was ordered.
2021
250 MW
•  Transitioned to a 
public limited 
company on the BSE 
SME.
•  First pure solar player 
to be listed with the 
highest subscribed 
IPO on SME platform 
ever.
2022
1 GW
•  Successfully raised 
395 crores through a 
Preferential Issue: 
Largest Preferential 
done on the SME 
platform.
•  Signed 10,000 Crore 
MOU with the 
Rajasthan Govt.
2024
1 GW
•  Commercial 
Operation of our 4.5 
GW plant. Work for cell 
and aluminum started 
in Madhya Pradesh on 
45-acre land allotted 
with other beneﬁts.
•  EPC Vertical under 
Insolation Green Infra 
Pvt. Ltd. was 
incorporated.
2025
5.5 GW
•  4th & 5th Unit in 
Narmadapuram, 
Madhya Pradesh 
will have 4.5 GW 
solar cell.
•  18,000 MTA 
Aluminum Frame 
Production in 
Phase I.
2027
5.5 GW
4.5 GW
18,000 MTA
11 12
The Company's growth journey has been shaped by technology adoption, backward 
integration, customer-centric execution and a focus on creating long-term value for 
stakeholders.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 9 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
STRONG PRESENCE ACROSS INDIA  
EXPANDING HORIZONS, POWERING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE
From its roots in Jaipur, Rajasthan, Insolation Energy Limited has built a strong PAN-India presence 
through its integrated solar manufacturing, distribution, EPC, and renewable energy solutions.
CONSUMER CONNECT
40,000+
Happy Customers
PRESENCE IN
250+
Districts
BUSINESS NETWORK
1000+
Channel Partners
DELIVERING SOLAR SOLUTIONS
50+
PSU’s and Large Corporate
INA-1 (Module Factory) 
Daulatpura, Jaipur
250 MW
INA-2 (Module Factory) 
Jatawali, Jaipur
750 MW
INA-3 (Module Factory) 
Sawarda, Jaipur
4.5 GW
INA-4 (Cell Factory) 
Narmadapuram, MP
4.5 GW
INA-5 (Aluminum Factory) 
18,000 MTA
13 14
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 10 =====
Our presence across 
manufacturing, distribution 
and EPC solutions enables 
us to create value across the 
solar value chain.
01
INTEGRATED
SOLAR ECOSYSTEM
Expansion of our advanced 
solar module manufacturing 
capabilities to cater to 
growing demand across 
diverse market segments.
02
MANUFACTURING
SCALE UP
Automation-driven 
manufacturing processes, 
stringent quality systems 
and continuous process 
improvements have 
supported productivity and 
cost efﬁciency.
03
OPERATIONAL
EXCELLENCE
Our transition towards high-
efﬁciency N-Type TOPCon 
technology has enhanced 
product performance, 
efﬁciency and 
competitiveness.
04
TECHNOLOGY LED
GROWTH
A growing customer base, 
extensive channel network 
and increasing acceptance 
of our INA Solar brand 
continue to provide a strong 
foundation for sustainable 
growth.
05
STRONG MARKET
POSITIONING
POWERING TODAY
with innovation and scale
SUSTAINING TOMORROW
with responsibility
and excellence
TOGETHER WE SHINE
with partners, customers
and communities
(Annual Report 2025-26)
GROWTH DRIVERS
BUILDING SCALE. DRIVING TECHNOLOGY.
CREATING SUSTAINABLE GROWTH.
15 16
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 11 =====
FY 2025-26 marked a year of strong ﬁnancial performance and operational progress for Insolation 
Energy Limited, driven by manufacturing expansion, improved efﬁciencies and increasing 
market acceptance of our solar solutions. Our focus on disciplined execution, technology 
advancement and operational excellence enabled us to deliver sustainable growth while 
strengthening our ﬁnancial foundation.
Rs. 2163.52 Crore
REVENUE
61.02 % YoY
OUR PERFORMANCE
KEY HIGHLIGHTS FOR FY 2025-26
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Rs. 304.62 Crore
EBITDA
76.50 % YoY
Rs. 245.29 Crore                 
PBT
60.27 %  YoY
Rs. 200.63 Crore                
PAT
59.75 %  YoY
RoE
24.82 %
RoCE
19.25 %
Debt to Equity Ratio
1.03
Current Ratio
1.86
Net Proﬁt Margin
9.35 %
17 18
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 12 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BUSINESS PARAMETERS
INPUT
Natural Capital
Efforts to reduce our environmental footprint through effective waste management and optimal 
resource utilization in the company as well as in society.
Wastage Zero wastage as we are running a renewable energy business
Diverse skill-set of employees across operations help us to grow.
Human Capital
Total Human Capital 1500+
Financial Capital
Prudent allocation of monetary resources obtained through various sources, 
ensuring a strong balance sheet to generate constant value for our shareholders.
Long Term BorrowingEquity Share Capital 22.04 468.89
Reserve and Surplus 785.10  in Cr.
VALUE-CREATION
*Consolidated CSR Expenditure
Social & Relationship Capital
Inclusive approach to address the stakeholder community to fulﬁll our commitments towards 
them.
*Total Corporate Social Responsibility Expenditure 1.15  in Cr.
Solar Panel Manufacturing
Companies in India
AMONGST TOP 10
of Manufacturing
Excellence
9+ YEARS
Happy Customers
40,000+
IPP Projects
400+ MW
Channel Partners
1000+
Presence
in Districts
250+
Manufacturing Capital
State-of-the-art manufacturing facilities to produce the best products for our customers.
No. of Manufacturing Facilities 5* Rated Capacity 5.5 GW
*Construction of INA 4 & 5 are in full swing.
19 20
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 13 =====
Annual Consolidated Audited Performance
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
215.47
280.06
741.32
1343.62
2163.52
Mar 22 Mar 23 Mar 24 Mar 25 Mar 26
TOTAL INCOME
14 19
84
172.58
304.62
Mar 22 Mar 23 Mar 24 Mar 25 Mar 26
EBITDA
9 14
68
153.06
245.29
Mar 22 Mar 23 Mar 24 Mar 25 Mar 26
PBT
7 11
55
125.59
200.63
Mar 22 Mar 23 Mar 24 Mar 25 Mar 26
NET PROFIT
(Annual Report 2025-26)
OPERATIONAL MOMENTUM
Strong FY26 execution momentum 
Strong demand across utility- scale, C&I, rooftop and government solar
projects continued to support business execution.
Robust Order book
Order book of 2.1 GW+ provides strong revenue visibility and supports
sustained execution momentum.
Manufacturing Scale
5.5 GW module capacity positions INA among India's leading
Solar PV Module manufacturers.
Backward integration execution
Continued execution of the 4.5 GW TOPCon cell and 18,000 MTPA
aluminum frame projects at Narmadapuram.
21 22
Project Execution
400+ MW of IPP projects currently under execution, strengthening
the Company’s project pipeline and execution visibility.
Distribution Strength
Diversiﬁed demand across Government, EPC, Developers, OEMs,
and 1000+ channel partners.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 14 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
                      A STRONG KNOCK ON                         &                               MAIN BOARD  
Insolation Energy Limited (INA Solar) Migrated to Main Board;
th
Shares Listed on BSE & NSE on 9  March, 2026
23 24
A MILESTONE MOMENT
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 15 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
MANISH GUPTA
Chairman & Whole Time Director 
 The sun is not merely a source of energy; it is a symbol of hope, growth and 
a sustainable future. Our vision is to transform every ray of sunlight into an 
opportunity for a cleaner and brighter tomorrow.
Dear Shareholders,
FY 2025-26 was a study in resilience and dynamism, shaped by the push and pull of uncertainty 
and the powerful force of adaptive leadership. For the INA Solar, it has been a year of 
unprecedented growth and renewal. The Group has been an engine of big bets, moving with 
conviction across multiple frontiers.
FY 2025-26 was a deﬁning year for India's renewable energy sector. As the nation accelerates its 
transition towards clean energy, supported by progressive government policies, rising energy 
demand and a strong focus on domestic manufacturing, the solar industry continues to play a 
pivotal role in shaping a sustainable future. This evolving landscape presents signiﬁcant 
opportunities for companies that are committed to innovation, quality and operational 
excellence.
At Insolation Energy Limited, we have continued to strengthen our position as an integrated 
solar solutions provider by expanding our manufacturing capabilities, enhancing operational 
efﬁciencies and investing in future-ready technologies. Since our inception in 2017, our vision 
has remained clear—to contribute meaningfully to India's energy transition by building 
globally competitive solar manufacturing capabilities under the 'Make in India' initiative.
During the year, we achieved several important milestones that reinforce our long-term 
growth strategy. The commissioning of our 4.5 GW solar module manufacturing facility at 
Jaipur marks a signiﬁcant step in scaling our operations, while our planned investments in a 
4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing facility and 18,000 MTA aluminium frame manufacturing 
plant in Madhya Pradesh will strengthen backward integration, improve supply chain 
resilience and enhance our competitiveness. During the year, the company achieved a 
signiﬁcant corporate milestone by successfully migrated from SME Platform of BSE Limited to 
the Main Board of BSE Limited and simultaneously obtained direct listing on the Capital 
Market Segment (Main Board) of National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”).
Your Company is steadily moving one step closer to its ambitious vision of achieving ₹10,000 
crore in revenue by FY 2028-29, having achieved a strong revenue of ₹2,163.52 crore in FY 2025-
26. This remarkable performance reﬂects our robust business fundamentals, strong execution 
capabilities, and unwavering commitment to sustainable growth.
We were also honoured to receive the "Solar Panel Manufacturing Company of the Year 
2025" award from Solar Quarter, reﬂecting our commitment to quality, innovation and 
manufacturing excellence.
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities before us. India's renewable 
energy ambitions, coupled with increasing adoption of clean energy across residential, 
commercial, industrial and utility-scale segments, provide a strong foundation for sustainable 
growth. Our focus will remain on expanding capacities responsibly, embracing technological 
advancements, enhancing customer value and maintaining the highest standards of 
governance.
On behalf of the Board, I extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, business 
partners, employees and all stakeholders for their continued trust and conﬁdence. Together, 
we will continue to build a stronger, more sustainable enterprise while contributing 
meaningfully to India's clean energy future and creating long-term value for all our 
stakeholders.
Warm Regards
MANISH GUPTA
Chairman & Whole Time Director 
MESSAGE FROM CHAIRMAN
25 26
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 16 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
VIKAS JAIN
Managing Director
 Every solar panel we manufacture is a step towards a cleaner planet, a 
stronger India and a brighter future.
Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to share the progress and achievements of Insolation Energy Limited during 
FY 2025-26, reﬂecting the strength of our business model, disciplined execution and our 
commitment to building a future-ready renewable energy enterprise. Amidst a rapidly 
evolving energy landscape, we continued to scale our operations, strengthen manufacturing 
capabilities and deliver robust ﬁnancial performance, reafﬁrming our position as one of India's 
fastest-growing solar manufacturing companies.
The year witnessed signiﬁcant momentum across the Indian solar sector, driven by supportive 
government policies, increasing domestic manufacturing, growing adoption of clean energy 
and the nation's long-term renewable energy ambitions. As India accelerates towards energy 
self-reliance, the demand for high-quality, domestically manufactured solar products 
continues to expand, creating long-term opportunities for integrated manufacturers like 
Insolation Energy.
Our ﬁnancial performance during FY 2025-26 reﬂects the resilience of our business and the 
conﬁdence of our customers. We reported revenue of ₹2,163.52 crore, representing a growth of 
61.02% over the previous year. EBITDA increased by 76.50% to ₹304.62 crore, while Proﬁt Before 
Tax stood at ₹245.29 crore, registering a growth of 60.27%. Proﬁt After Tax grew by 59.75% to 
₹200.63 crore, demonstrating our ability to achieve proﬁtable growth while maintaining 
ﬁnancial discipline. With a Return on Equity of 24.82%, Return on Capital Employed of 19.25%, a 
Current Ratio of 1.86 and a Debt-to-Equity Ratio of 1.03, we continue to maintain a healthy 
ﬁnancial proﬁle that supports our long-term expansion strategy.
Operationally, the year marked another signiﬁcant step in strengthening our manufacturing 
ecosystem. We progressed with the expansion of our solar module manufacturing capacity 
while advancing our backward integration strategy through the planned establishment of a 
4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing facility and an 18,000 MTA aluminium frame manufacturing 
plant in Madhya Pradesh. These investments will enhance supply chain resilience, improve 
cost efﬁciencies and reinforce our competitiveness in an increasingly integrated solar 
manufacturing landscape.
Technology continues to remain at the core of our growth strategy. Our product portfolio is 
designed to address the evolving requirements of utility-scale, commercial, industrial and 
rooftop solar applications. During the year, we strengthened our portfolio with high-efﬁciency 
N-Type TOPCon Modules ranging from 550 Wp to 635 Wp, alongside our reliable Mono PERC 
Modules ranging from 500 Wp to 560 Wp. By continuously investing in advanced 
manufacturing technologies, process automation and quality assurance, we remain focused 
on delivering products that meet global performance standards while offering higher energy 
yield, reliability and long-term value to our customers.
Beyond manufacturing, we continued to strengthen our integrated business model 
encompassing module manufacturing, EPC services, distribution and renewable energy 
solutions. This diversiﬁed approach enables us to create greater value across the solar value 
chain while expanding our reach across residential, commercial, industrial and government 
segments.
Looking ahead, our priorities remain clear—expanding manufacturing capacities, 
accelerating backward integration, enhancing technological capabilities, improving 
operational excellence and creating sustainable value for all stakeholders. We believe that 
India's renewable energy journey offers unprecedented opportunities, and Insolation Energy 
is well positioned to contribute meaningfully through innovation, quality and responsible 
growth.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our employees for their unwavering dedication, to our 
customers and business partners for their continued trust, and to our shareholders for their 
conﬁdence and support. Together, we will continue to build a stronger, technologically 
advanced and globally competitive renewable energy enterprise that contributes to India's 
vision of a cleaner and more sustainable future.
Warm Regards
VIKAS JAIN
Managing Director 
MESSAGE FROM
MANAGING DIRECTOR
27 28
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 17 =====
Mr. MANISH GUPTA
Chairman & Whole Time Director
!
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CHAIRMAN & WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR
Visionary Entrepreneur  |  Renewable Energy Leader
Strategic Business Innovator
Total Experience: 27+ Years
A visionary ﬁrst-generation entrepreneur, Mr. Manish Gupta 
brings over 27 years of dynamic, multi-industry experience. As the 
driving force behind Insolation Energy Limited, he has 
established INA Solar as one of the top leading solar panel 
manufacturer and a recognized leader in India's renewable 
energy sector.
Under his leadership, INA Solar has set benchmarks in innovation, 
manufacturing, operations, and business outreach. His strategic 
foresight and relentless pursuit of excellence have garnered INA 
numerous prestigious awards and accolades on national and 
international platforms. Business Acumen Mr. Gupta excels in 
creating robust supply chain networks, building trusted 
customer relationships, and driving proﬁtable business ventures. 
His "out-of-the-box" thinking and persuasive leadership have 
made INA a prominent player in the solar PV module 
manufacturing industry.
Leadership & Contributions
Co-Chair: FICCI Rajasthan State Council
Founder President: North India Module Manufacturer Association (NIMMA)
Co-Convenor: CII Rajasthan Panel on Energy & Water
Vice President: Employer Association of Raj. (EAR)
State Youth President: International Vaish Federation, Rajasthan
Club Mentor: Rotary Club Jaipur, Emerald
Vice President: Federation of Raj. Trade & Industry (FORTI)
Vice President: Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce & Industry
29 30
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 18 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Tech-Driven Leader | Solar Industry Pioneer
Social Impact Advocate
Total Experience: 27+ Years
Managing Director
Mr. VIKAS JAIN
Vikas Jain, aged 49, is a visionary technocrat and the Promoter & 
Managing Director of Insolation Energy Ltd. An engineering 
graduate from North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, Mr. Jain 
brings over two decades of hands-on leadership across the 
energy and industrial sectors.
From his early college days, he demonstrated a deep curiosity for 
technology—an instinct that later shaped his journey as a serial 
entrepreneur and angel investor. He has founded and scaled 
notable ventures such as Fluidcon Engineers and Pink City Pipe 
Fitting Pvt. Ltd., establishing a track record of building resilient, 
tech-driven enterprises.
As the driving force behind INA, he transformed it into 
Rajasthan's largest solar module manufacturer. His leadership is 
deﬁned by a bold approach to restructuring, a strong belief in 
quality ﬁrst systems, and relentless pursuit of innovation—from 
integrating new-age solar tech to expanding manufacturing 
capacities.
Well-connected in the industrial and startup ecosystems, Mr. Jain 
is also an active angel investor for the last 5 years, backing 
ventures across diverse domains and collaborating with leading 
VCs. His ability to blend strategic foresight with executional 
excellence continues to elevate INA's industry standing while 
amplifying its impact on clean energy and sustainable 
development.
Leadership & Contributions
 Vice President: JITO Jaipur Chapter
Vice President: Federation of Raj. Trade & Industry (FORTI)
Director: Jaipur Runner
31 32
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 19 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Mr. AKHILESH KUMAR JAIN
Non-Executive Director
Dr. SUBIR BIKAS MITRA
Independent Director
A power sector veteran with over 40 years of 
leadership experience, he holds an MBA, 
LL.M, and dual PhDs. He previously served as 
Executive Director at GAIL (India) Ltd. and 
Advisor to the Directorate General of 
Hydrocarbons, and is a recognized academic 
associated with leading IIMs.
Mr. ANIL KUMAR GUPTA
Independent Director
A seasoned power-sector professional with a 
BE in Electrical Engineering from MITS, 
Gwalior. He has held leadership roles at 
Jodhpur Discom and JVVNL, and currently 
advises multiple energy companies and 
boards.
Mr. RAJIV JAIN
Independent Director
He holds an MA (History), BA (Hons.), LL.B., 
and a diploma in Management. With over 42 
years of experience in governance, law, and 
public service, he was a former Member of 
the NHRC, ex-Director of the Intelligence 
Bureau, and an accomplished arbitrator and 
advisor on governance and risk 
management.
Mr. SHREEMAT PANDEY
Independent Director
An IIT Kharagpur BTech graduate and former 
IAS ofﬁcer of the 1984 batch, he brings over 35 
years of distinguished administrative 
experience from which he recently retired. 
Known for his strong leadership, ethical 
governance, and strategic decision-making, 
he has played a key role in shaping policy and 
public administration.
Mrs. EKTA JAIN
Non-Executive Director
Mrs. Ekta Jain holds a postgraduate degree in 
Business Management from IPM, Meerut. 
Since joining the Board in 2021, she has been 
a self-motivated management professional 
focused on driving corporate growth and 
leveraging her valuable industry expertise.
Mrs. PAYAL GUPTA
Non-Executive Director
She holds a BA from Delhi University and an 
MA from Himachal Pradesh University. She 
joined the Board as a Director in 2021 and is a 
dynamic professional with expertise in 
business management, strategic oversight, 
creative problem-solving, and implementing 
operational best practices to drive growth.
BE from Malviya Regional Engineering 
College, Jaipur, and holds an Honorary 
Doctorate in Business Administration from 
Commonwealth University. Former Managing 
Director of Rajasthan Electronics & 
Instruments Ltd. (2011–2020). Joined the 
Board in 2022, advising on corporate 
governance.
NON-EXECUTIVE & INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
33 34
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 20 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BOARD COMMITTEES
FIVE STANDING COMMITTEES SUPPORT FOCUSED
OVERSIGHT ACROSS KEY GOVERNANCE AREAS.
GROUP PRIORITIES 
 
Customers
Top Quality Raw Material
Assured quality and product pricing
Regular supply and timely delivery 
Seamless customer service
Value for money
high customer retention and
accretion Policy
Customer Grievance Resolution
 
Exhibitions and events
 
Customer feedback  
Investors
 
 
Timely communication on 
strategy and performance 
Ethical business practices, 
compliance and good 
corporate governance
Transparent reporting and 
disclosure
Quarterly reporting and compliance
Annual general meeting 
 
Communication with investors
 
Integrated annual report
 
Press releases
Employees
Training and development
Health and safety matters 
Fair practices, work- life balance and 
timely remuneration
Performance evaluation and 
recognition
Town hall meetings
Employee engagement initiatives
 
Cultural events 
 
Training and development workshops
 
Health initiatives
 
Performance appraisals
 
Grievance redressal mechanisms
Communities
Community welfare initiatives 
Environment conservation
Healthcare for the underprivileged
Focus on health, education, 
livelihood and poverty alleviation 
Skill development and training 
workshop
Vendors |
Suppliers
Fair and ethical procurement & 
engagement practices
Knowledge programmes to reduce 
suppliers’ risks
Pricing and favourable terms of 
payment
Timely clearance
Addressing supplier grievances
 
Phone, email or in-person 
engagement 
 
Suppliers’ meetings, regular 
meetings, seminars, and workshops
ENGAGEMENT MODE
Government |
Regulatory Bodies
Compliance with laws and 
Regulations
Timely reporting through various 
compliance-based forms
 Meetings, presentation, reports and 
networking in different forums organised 
by regulatory authorities
 Mandatory regulatory ﬁlings
 Operating business compliance and 
governance
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Audit Committee:
Oversees ﬁnancial reporting, internal controls
and statutory compliance.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
Governs Board appointments, remuneration
structures and succession planning.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:
Oversees CSR strategy, programme implementation
and CSR expenditure.
Stakeholder's Relationship Committee:
Addresses investor grievances and
protects shareholder interests.
Risk Management Committee:
Monitors operational, ﬁnancial, ESG
and geopolitical risks.
Customer satisfaction and retention
35 36
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 21 =====
MISSION FY -28 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
TO BECOME INDIA’S LEADING CLEANTECH
SOLUTIONS PROVIDER 
Ongoing
18000MT
COD: Q3 FY-27
FRAMES
Ongoing
500 MW
300MW+ : FY-27
IPP
Projects
Ongoing
100 MW+
300MW+ : FY-27
EPC and
O&M
Capacity to be
announced
shortly
BESS
Assembly
INGOTS WAFERS CELLS MODULES
Engaged with a leading
technology provider for a
turnkey automated facilities.
Capacity to be
announced shortly
ONGOING
4.5 GW
COD: Q4 FY-27
CURRENT
CAPACITY
5.5 GW
37 38
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 22 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
INA-1 (Module Factory) 
INSOLATION ENERGY LTD. Daulatpura, Jaipur
250 MW
MANUFACTURING FACILITIES
POWERING PRECISION, SCALE, AND SOLAR INNOVATION
INA-2 (Module Factory) 
INSOLATION  ENERGY PVT. LTD.GREEN Jatawali, Jaipur
750 MW
INA-3 (Module Factory) 
INSOLATION  ENERGY PVT. LTD.GREEN Sawarda, Jaipur
4.5 GW
39 40
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 23 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
MANUFACTURING FACILITIES
POWERING PRECISION, SCALE, AND SOLAR INNOVATION
UPCOMING
Solar Cell
4.5 GW
Aluminum Frame
18,000 MTA
Narmadapuram, MP
INA-4 (Cell Factory) 
INSOLATION  ENERGY PVT. LTD.GREEN
4.5 GW
INA-5 (Aluminum Factory) 18,000 MTA
41 42
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 24 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
MANUFACTURING EXCELLENCE
POWERING PROGRESS. MASTERING MANUFACTURING.
We have established a comprehensive, manufacturing ecosystem that 
spans the entire solar photovoltaic value chain. Our facilities are designed for 
end-to-end production, ensuring efﬁciency and quality at every stage. We 
have consistently led through a strong emphasis on technological 
advancement and product reliability. Our backward integration for further 
enhancing our control over quality, scale and supply chain efﬁciency.
INFRASTRUCTURE BUILT FOR SCALE AND RELIABILITY
Our manufacturing facilities in Jaipur are equipped with advanced 
technologies and systems to produce high-efﬁciency solar solutions. 
Designed for long-term scalability, our infrastructure adheres to all major 
Indian and international quality standards.
CONSISTENTLY DELIVERING QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE 
We have embedded best-in-class systems across our operations to ensure 
consistent product quality and reliability. Our manufacturing processes are 
conducted in controlled cleanroom environments and adhere to stringent 
process control protocols. This operational discipline, combined with our 
focus on technology, has enabled our modules to consistently rank among 
the top performers in global reliability assessments.
At INA Solar, the answer has always been clear,
we grow to empower people, protect the planet and
push the boundaries of what clean energy can achieve.
And at the centre of it all stands the planet, not as a backdrop, but as a stakeholder. Every module 
we make, every facility we build and every watt we generate, carries the imprint of our 
responsibility to earth.
In a world racing toward the future,
we paused to ask a different question
not  just how we grow but why.
Through technology, reﬁned over 
decades, we built the vertically integrated 
ecosystem we have engineered today. But 
technology, on its own, is only potential.
It is people who give it purpose. Our 
e n g i n e e r s ,  o u r  p a r t n e r s  a n d  o u r 
communities—each one shaping a shared 
mission: to make energy cleaner, smarter 
and more accessible.
43 44
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 25 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Product Certiﬁcations
Certiﬁed by internationally recognized testing & certiﬁcation
body for global quality compliance and product reliability
Manufacturing Facility Has Obtained Various Certiﬁcations
IEC 61215:2021
PV Module
Performance &
Reliability
IEC 61730:2023
PV Module Safety
Qualiﬁcation
Standard
Supporting domestic
solar manufacturing
and localization
initiatives
European
Conformity &
Safety Standard
BIS CERTIFICATION
Compliant with
Indian safety and
quality requirements
Quality remains central to every stage of our manufacturing process. Each 
module undergoes rigorous inspection and testing before dispatch, covering 
visual inspection, electrical parameters, performance validation and packaging 
standards.
These accreditations reﬂect our commitment to manufacturing excellence, 
sustainability and customer conﬁdence. Building a Future-Ready Solar 
Manufacturing Ecosystem.
QUALITY CENTRIC MANUFACTURING
RECOGNISED WITH GLOBAL CERTIFICATIONS
& QUALITY BENCHMARKS 
45 46
Our manufacturing practices are aligned with global benchmarks and supported 
by certiﬁcations and approvals including:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 26 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BYPASS DIODE
THERMAL TESTER
HUMIDITY FREEZE
TEST
DAMP HEAT
TEST
WET LEAKAGE
TEST
ROBUSTNESS OF
TERMINATION TEST 
VISUAL
INSPECTION
SUN
SIMULATOR
CROSS LINKING
(GEL TEST)
SALT SPRAY
TEST UV CHAMBER SHOT BAG IMPACT
TESTER
FULLY AUTOMATED 
CELL TESTER
MECHANICAL LOAD
TEST
HAIL IMPACT
TESTER
A FEW TIER 1 COMPANIES HAVE IT
IN-HOUSE RELIABILITY LAB FACILITY
47 48
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 27 =====
PM KUSUM OPPORTUNITY 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Insolation Energy's Participation in KUSUM Opportunities through our wholly 
owned subsidiary Insolation Green Energy Private Limited and other group 
companies, we are actively participating in solar EPC opportunities under 
government-led renewable energy programmes, including PM KUSUM projects.
Our Capabilities Include:
Design, engineering, supply, installation and commissioning of solar power plants. 
Development of grid-connected solar projects under RESCO and EPC models. 
Long-term operation and maintenance support. 
Execution capabilities across multiple locations.
49 50
EMPOWERING AGRICULTURE THROUGH SOLAR ENERGY
PM KUSUM scheme aims to enhance energy security for farmers, reduce 
dependence on diesel-based irrigation systems, improve farm productivity and 
create additional income opportunities through renewable energy generation.
During FY 2025-26, the Company strengthened its presence in the KUSUM 
segment through signiﬁcant project wins and opportunities, including 
large-scale solar power projects under PM KUSUM Component A and 
Component C across Rajasthan and other states.
The Company has also built a strong pipeline of opportunities, including 
participation in upcoming tenders for additional KUSUM capacities, 
reinforcing its commitment towards supporting India's agricultural 
solarisation mission.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 28 =====
INTEGRATED CAPABILITIES
DRIVING LONG-TERM GROWTH
STRUCTURAL DEMAND DRIVERS SUPPORTING
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
(Annual Report 2025-26)
PM Kusum
34.8 GW agricultural solar target.
Strong rural & decentralized solar demand.
Creates sustained module demand over
the long term.
Utility Scale Demand & Storage
(RPO + BESS) 
Rising Renewable Purchase Obligations 
driving sustained utility scale demand.
Storage now integral to deployment 
growing solar + BESS hybrid pipeline.
Long-term, policy backed demand visibility
across the value chain.
ALMM Cell Mandate
Supports domestic cell manufacturing.
Improves demand visibility for integrated manufacturers.
Strengthens India's self reliant solar ecosystem.
Green Open Access
Threshold reduced to 100 kW.
Expands renewable adoption across commercial
& industrial users.
Accelerates distributed solar installations.
PM Surya Ghar
 Target of 1 crore rooftop installations.
Strong residential solar adoption.
Expands distributed generation market.
AI & Data Centres
AI driving rapid data centrepower demand.
Solar + BESS emerging as preferred 24×7 power solution.
Expanding long term C&I renewable demand.
51 52
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 29 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE THROUGH
RESPONSIBLE GROWTH
ENVIRONMENTAL,
SOCIAL AND
GOVERNANCE (ESG)
At Insolation Energy Limited, sustainability is integral to our 
vision of enabling India's clean energy transition. As a solar 
module manufacturer, we are committed to creating long-term 
value by combining business growth with environmental 
responsibility, social progress and strong governance practices.
Our ESG approach is built on the principles of responsible 
manufacturing, efﬁcient resource utilisation, stakeholder 
engagement and ethical business conduct. As we expand our 
manufacturing capabilities and strengthen our position in the 
renewable energy sector, we continue to embed sustainability 
considerations across our operations, investments and strategic 
decisions.
Environmental 
Protecting the
planet and promoting
resource efﬁciency
Social 
Empowering people
and strengthening
communities
Governance
Upholding integrity
and driving
ethical governance
53 54
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 30 =====
BUILDING A LOW-CARBON, RESOURCE-EFFICIENT FUTURE
ENVIRONMENTAL
Our approach to environmental stewardship is evolving alongside the scale and 
complexity of our operations.
As we expand our manufacturing footprint and advance technological capabilities, 
sustainability considerations are being embedded into core business and investment 
decisions. We are prioritising decarbonisation, resource efﬁciency, and low-impact 
growth, with a clear focus on reducing operational intensity, optimising resource use, 
and strengthening long-term environmental performance.
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Energy Efﬁciency & Emissions Management
Energy efﬁciency remains a key 
f o c u s  a r e a  a c r o s s  o u r 
manufacturing operations. We 
continuously work towards 
improving energy performance 
through process optimisation, 
t e c h n o l o g y  a d o p t i o n  a n d 
operational improvements.
Our initiatives focus on:
Enhancing energy efﬁciency across manufacturing 
processes.
Improving equipment performance through 
technology upgrades & monitoring systems.
Increasing the adoption of renewable energy in our 
operations.
Reducing energy intensity through better resource 
planning and operational discipline.
Responsible Water Management
Water conservation and efﬁcient 
u t i l i s a t i o n  a r e  i m p o r t a n t 
c o m p o n e n t s   o f   o u r 
environmental strategy. Our 
manufacturing facilities follow 
structured water management 
practices focused on reducing 
c o n s u m p t i o n ,  i m p r o v i n g 
e f ﬁ c i e n c y  a n d  p r o m o t i n g 
responsible usage.
Our approach includes:
Monitoring water consumption across operations.
Implementing reuse and recycling practices 
wherever feasible.
O p t i m i s i n g  p r o c e s s e s  to  m i n i m i s e  w a te r 
dependency.
Strengthening resource efﬁciency through 
continuous improvement initiatives.
Sustainable Manufacturing & Resource Efﬁciency
Our manufacturing philosophy focuses on balancing scale with sustainability. Through 
advanced manufacturing processes, quality-driven operations and continuous 
improvement initiatives, we aim to minimise resource wastage and enhance operational 
efﬁciency.
55 56
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 31 =====
STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES THROUGH
MEANINGFUL IMPACT
SOCIAL
(Annual Report 2025-26)
We believe our greatest asset is the people who show up every day 
across our manufacturing units, plants, and commercial teams in 
different disctricts. Building a consistent organisational culture while 
supporting local workforce needs remains an important focus area 
across the Group. Company workforce today comprises over 1500+ 
employees across India.Women also part of our workforce, reﬂecting 
meaningful participation across a manufacturing-led industry.
Our
People
Our HR function has undergone a signiﬁcant transformation from an administrative 
support role into a strategic business function focused on workforce development, 
cultural alignment and compliance management.
Evolution of Our HR Function 
Hiring, performance management and leadership development are 
standardised globally, with ﬂexibility for local adaptation based on 
labour market conditions and cultural context.
Talent Management
A uniﬁed organisational identity is developed through shared 
values, employee engagement and leadership behaviour, while 
respecting regional diversity.
Cultural Alignment
Robust systems support labour law 
compliance, policy implementation, 
reporting.
Regulatory Compliance
We follow a structured talent development framework to support 
internal mobility, leadership development and long-term capability 
building across functions and geographies. The process begins with 
clearly deﬁned role structures and competency f rameworks. 
Performance management systems evaluate both current 
performance and future potential, supported by regular talent reviews 
and succession planning discussions.
Growth
Path
Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) protocols are embedded across 
operational planning and day-to-day manufacturing activities. 
Regular audits, mock drills and leadership reviews are conducted 
across facilities to strengthen workplace safety standards and 
operational readiness.
Safety
Expansion across India required us to deepen workforce 
mobilisation, training and onboarding capabilities across diverse 
labour markets and operating environments.
Hiring, Onboarding and Training at Scale
57 58
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 32 =====
STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES THROUGH
MEANINGFUL IMPACT
SOCIAL
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Our Internal Growth Cycle
DEPLOY1
3 4
2DEVELOP
ASSESSIDENTIFY
Internal mobility and
career progression.
Structured learning
programmes,
cross-functional exposure,
job rotations.
Role architecture
and talent review.
Future potential,
performance and
assessment.
59 60
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 33 =====
STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES THROUGH
MEANINGFUL IMPACT
SOCIAL
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Our Culture
Our organisational culture is built around shared values, 
operational discipline and consistent execution. As the 
business continues to expand across markets and 
geographies, we strive to maintain a uniﬁed culture but also 
respect regional and cultural differences.
Governance as
a cultural anchor
Operational
discipline
People centric
and inclusive
Global mindset,
local sensitivity
Performance driven
and development
Worker Welfare
& ESG Standards 
Our social and ESG initiatives 
focused on workforce well-
being, responsible workplace 
practices and compliance 
rea d i n e s s .  M a ny  o f  t h e s e 
initiatives extend beyond 
baseline industry requirements 
and are aligned with evolving 
expectations from customers 
and supply chain partners.
Certiﬁcation and
operational standards
Adherence to national and 
international labour & safety 
standards
Robust compliance and audit 
systems
Safe, healthy and compliant 
workplaces
Worker Welfare
Beyond The Factory Gate
Well-being initiatives for 
workers and their families
Community engagement and 
social impact
Support for education, skill 
development and livelihood
61 62
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 34 =====
We installed a rooftop solar system at a Skill Development Center in Jaipur to promote clean 
energy, reduce operational costs, and ensure uninterrupted training. The initiative advances 
environmental sustainability while supporting youth skill development.
Rooftop Solar at a Skill Development Center in Jaipur
Supporting better learning environments through infrastructure development in collaboration 
with SEARCH Organisation.
Infrastructure Development at Government School
CREATING IMPACT. STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES.
SOCIAL
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Community And CSR
We believe that the true measure of progress extends beyond business 
performance to the positive impact we create in society. Guided by this philosophy, 
our CSR initiatives improve access to education, strengthening community well-
being and fostering long-term socio-economic development across the 
communities we serve.
OUR CSR PILLARS
Women & Child
Development
Environmental
Sustainability
Healthcare
& Sanitation
Education
OUR INITIATIVES
The company is committed to environmental safety through sustainable practices and innovative 
technologies that reduce its ecological footprint. We focus on responsible operations, resource 
conservation, emission reduction, and building a healthier planet for future generations.
The company promotes social welfare in rural areas through solar rooftop installations, 
supporting clean energy adoption, reliable electricity, reduced dependence on traditional power 
sources, and greater environmental responsibility.
Environmental Safety
We provided educational equipment to underprivileged children at a government school in 
Jaipur, supporting their learning and educational development.
Promoting Education
Social Welfare
63 64
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 35 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Strengthening
Board
Oversight
Stakeholder
Engagement
& Transparency
Responsible
Supply Chain
Management
Risk Management
and Internal
Controls
Ethical
Business
Practices
Key Governance Actions
Group Structure
The Group comprises Insolation Energy Limited ("the Holding Company"), its 
wholly owned subsidiary (Insolation Green Energy Private Limited), subsidiaries 
and associates. The Group structure is presented below:
Category No. of Entities
Holding Company
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (Direct)
Direct Subsidiaries
Associates
Subsidiaries under Insolation Green Energy Pvt. Ltd. (60%)
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries under Insolation Green Energy Pvt. Ltd.
Total Group Entities
1
1
6
5
7
70
90
BOARD METRICS
POLICY FRAMEWORK
Our governance structure is supported by a comprehensive set of policies that 
guide ethical conduct, ensure regulatory compliance and safeguard stakeholder 
interests.
Dividend Distribution Policy
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
Whistleblower-Vigil Mechanism
Risk Management Policy
Preservation of Documents
Policy on Insider Trading
Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions
and Dealing with Related Party Transactions
Policy for Determining 'Material' Subsidiaries
Policy for Determination of Materiality of Events or Information
Archival Policy
The above-mentioned policies can be accessed at:
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-announcements
GOVERNANCE 
Board Diversity (%)
2
7
Male 
Female 
Board Independence
4
5
Non-
Independent
Independent
Board Composition
4
2
Executive
In-
dependent
3
Non-Executive
POLICIES
Code of conduct of Board of Directors and Senior
Management Personnel
65 66
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 36 =====
PESTLE ANALYSIS
Note: *RPO: Renewable Purchase Obligation
POLITICAL
Government Support: Strong 
government policies and targets, 
such as the goal of 500 GW 
renewable energy capacity by 2030. 
Regulatory Framework: The 
government usage of RPOs* and 
feed-in tariffs boost the sector's 
growth. 
Incentives & Subsidies: Various 
incentives and subsidies for 
renewable energy projects, including 
tax beneﬁts and ﬁnancial support.
OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Investors
Environment
Communities
Customers
Employees
Suppliers & Partners
Strong policies, incentives, and investment in renewable energy are driving 
growth, innovation, and sustainability
ECONOMICAL
Investment: Growing investment in 
renewable energy infrastructure and 
technology, driven by both domestic 
and international investors.
Cost Trends: The drop in the cost of 
solar and wind have made them 
more competitive and economic 
viability. 
Economic Growth: Rising energy 
demand due to economic growth 
increases the need for renewable 
energy solutions. 
SOCIAL
Public Awareness: Rising climate 
awareness is driving more support 
for renewable energy.
Job Creation: Growth in the sector is 
creating jobs, especially in the rural 
areas.
Energy Access: Renewable energy 
projects, especially off-grid ones, are 
helping to improve energy access in 
remote areas.
TECHNOLOGICAL
Technological advances: It is 
reducing costs and boosting 
efﬁciency through innovations in 
batteries, grids, and solar panels.
Infrastructure: Ongoing 
development of infrastructure to 
support renewable energy, including 
smart grids and energy storage 
solutions.
R&D Investments: Increased R&D 
investment is vital for the industry 
and accelerates innovation.
LEGAL
Regulatory Compliance: Adhering 
national and state rules on 
environment, land use, and energy is 
crucial for companies.
Intellectual Property: Patents and IP 
rights can inﬂuence innovation and 
competition in renewable tech.
Environmental Regulations: 
Abiding by environmental laws is 
essential for the growth and 
operation of future renewable 
energy projects.
ENVIRONMENTAL
Climate Change: India's challenges 
towards climate change have 
accelerated its shift to renewable 
energy to cut emissions.
Resource Availability: India's rich 
solar and wind resources drive sector 
growth.
Sustainability Goals: The drive for 
sustainability and lower carbon 
footprints fuels the growth of new 
renewable energy initiatives.
OUR KEY STRENGTHS
OUR CAPITALS
Financial
Natural
Intellectual
Human
Manufactured
Social & Relationship
(Annual Report 2025-26)
67 68
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 37 =====
AWARDS
The company has been awarded and certiﬁed for
consistent quality and technological advancement :
INA Solar has created a benchmark and established a goodwill that resonates with the essence of 
our solar industry. INA Solar has won over 40 international and national awards for its amazing 
contribution to the solar energy sector.
THE MOST TRUSTED BRANDS
OF INDIA 2026-27
TEAMMARKSMEN
Awarded by
Chief Minister of Rajasthan
CERTIFICATE OF APPRECIATION
AT RISING RAJASTHAN
IMPACT 1.0 - 2025
SHRI BHAJAN LAL SHARMA JI
Honoured by
EXCELLENCE IN
RENEWABLE ENERGY SOLAR - 2023 
Awarded by
CRESPAI AT IIT DELHI,
GREEN GLOBE AWARDS
INDIA PRIDE AWARD
2025
DAINIK BHASKAR
Awarded by
EXCELLENCE IN
SOLAR PANEL MANUFACTURING
2026
ZEE RAJASTHAN
Awarded by
BEST EMPLOYER
(ALL ROUND PERFORMER)
- 2024
EMPLOYERS ASSOCIATION OF RAJ. (EAR)
Awarded by
DISTINGUISHED ENTREPRENEUR
AWARD IN MSME CATEGORY
- 2022
Awarded by
PHD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
& INDUSTRY (PHDCCI)
(Annual Report 2025-26)
RAJASTHAN VISIONARY
AWARD - 2026
FOR ADVANCING
INDIA’S SOLAR MANUFACTURING
94.3 MY FM
Awarded by
69 70
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 38 =====
EVENTS/MEDIA HIGHLIGHTS
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Inter Solar,
Gandhinagar-2026
REI Expo 2025
(Greater Noida)
Renewx Expo 2026
(Chennai)
Urja 4.0
Channel Partners Meet
INA Solar
th
9  Anniversary
RE+, Las Vegas, Nevada,
USA 2023
During the year, INA Solar reinforced its leadership in India's renewable energy 
sector through key business milestones, strong ﬁnancial performance, strategic 
partnerships, expanded manufacturing capabilities, active participation in leading 
71 72
industry events, and prestigious recognitions, reﬂecting its continued 
commitment to innovation and sustainable growth.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 39 =====
RECOGNIZED, RANKED, RENOWNED
(Annual Report 2025-26)
in fortune India’s Emerging 100 Star
Companies, April 2026
RANKED
22NO.
Awarded by
Industry Outlook Magazine, 2024
The Most Trusted
Brands of India 2026-27
Globally in Financial Stability on
SinoVoltaics, 2025
INSOLATION
ENERGY
1
 2
 3
 4
 5
TOP 5 PV MODULE MANUFACTURER RANKING
EDITION 4 / 2025
Featured in Forbes India Magazine
Article Best Under A Billion, Sept. 24
THE FUTURE
IS SOLAR &
IT’S SHINING
BRIGHT!
73 74
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 40 =====
KEY GOVERNMENT
PROJECTS SUPPLIER
(Annual Report 2025-26)
and Many More...
TRUSTED PARTNER FOR KEY GOVERNMENT SCHEMES,
PROVIDING RELIABLE SOLAR MODULES
75 76
MSEDCL
BPCL JAREDA
BREDA
JAL JEEVAN MISSION UP
WRD
HPCL
HIMURJA
UPNEDA
PGVCL
RRECL
Paschim Gujarat
V  Company Ltd.
UGVCL
MAHAGENCO
Uttar Gujarat
V  Company Ltd.
BSNL
PM SURYA GHAR
YOJANA
PM SURYA GHAR YOJANA
IOCL
HAREDA
SJVN
PHED
NHPC
PHED Rajasthan
RHDS
NTPC
RAJASTHAN HORTICULTURE
DEVELOPMENT SOCIETY
PEDA
MEDA
NW RAILWAY
North Western Railway
PM-KUSUM (A,B,C)
SECI
MES
PM-KUSUM
Scheme
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 41 =====
URJA 4.0
CHANNEL PARTNER’S MEET
(Annual Report 2025-26)
INA Solar organized “Urja 4.0 – Channel 
Partner’s Meet”, which witnessed participation 
nd
from over 600+ channel partners across Rajasthan on 2  
600+
Channel Partners 
25,000+
Home Solarized
Rajasthan
Celebrated
PM Surya Ghar
Initiative 
77 78
May to celebrate solarization of 25000+ home under PM 
Surya Ghar proving one of the strongest brands in 
Rajasthan.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 42 =====
Insolation Energy Limited (INA Solar) has partnered 
with the illustrious T-20 Cricket Team-Lucknow Super 
Giants as their "Ofﬁcial Solar Partner" for the T20-
season 2024 - 2026 to promote the use of Solar Energy 
to a much larger pool of audience.
With this collaboration with Lucknow Super Giants, 
INA Solar is all ﬁred up towards achieving one of the 
company’s core objectives- "To expand the 
Renewable Energy landscape of the country by 
making judicious, eco-friendly strides towards large-
scale adoption of Solar Power". 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
BRAND PARTNERSHIP FOR 3 YEARS
79 80
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 43 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
CORE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
We offer a diverse and advanced portfolio of solar PV modules designed for 
maximum efﬁciency and reliability, even in low-light conditions. Our state-of-
the-art manufacturing capabilities enable us to produce high-efﬁciency 
modules including cutting-edge Mono PERC and TOPCon technologies.
Every module undergoes rigorous quality testing to ensure compliance with 
both Indian and global standards. Our products are proudly Made in India, 
Made for the World and carry certiﬁcations from 
Ensuring performance, safety, and long-term value.
INGOTS FY 28
WAFERS FY 28
CELLS FY 27
Upcoming 
FRAMES FY 27
Mono PERC
Module
500 Wp - 560 Wp
DCR-NDCR
TOPCon
Module
M10R
560 Wp - 600 Wp
DCR-NDCR
G12R
610 Wp - 635 Wp
81 82
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 44 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Chief Technical O cer
Mr. Deepak Jain 
Chief Operating O cer -
EPC
Mr. Ankit Malhotra
Senior VP -
Operations & Technology
Mr. Manish Gupta
GM - Purchase & Supply Chain
Mr. Subhash Prajapati
Head - Marketing
Mr. Devesh Khandelwal
Vice President -
Operations (Module Division)
Mr. Varun Kumar Singh
Chief Financial O cer
Mr. Ravi Dusad 
Company Secretary and
Compliance O cer
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Chief Business O cer
Mr. Abhishek Kaushal
Chief Human Resources O cer
Mr. Sunil Kumr Singh
Vice President -
Sales & Business Development
Mr. Sarjak Parekh
GM - Quality
Mr. Sourav Das
LEADERSHIP BEHIND THE GROWTH 
83 84
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 45 =====
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent -
Bigshare Services Private Limited
Pinnacle Business Park, Ofﬁce No. S6-2, 6th Floor, Mahakali Caves Road,
Next to Ahura Centre, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Maharashtra
Tel: +91-22-62638200, Fax: +91-22-62638299
E-mail: investor@bigshareonline.com
Stakeholder's Relationship Committee -
Chairman:
Mr. Rajiv Jain
Members:
Mrs. Payal Gupta, Mr. Vikas Jain
Risk Management Committee -
Chairman:
Mr. Vikas Jain
Members:
Mr. Manish Gupta, Mrs. Ekta Jain, Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra
Auditors -
Statutory Auditor:
M/s. ARS & Co, Chartered Accountants
Internal Auditor:
M/s. RBSN & Co., Chartered Accountants
Secretarial Auditor:
M/s. Bhawika Ramnani & Co.
Cost Auditor:
M/s. Deepak Mittal & Co.
Bankers -
State Bank of India  HDFC Bank Limited  AU Small Finance Bank Ltd.  IREDA| | |
(Annual Report 2025-26)
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Board Members -
Chairman & Whole Time Director:
Mr. Manish Gupta 
Managing Director: 
Mr. Vikas Jain
Non Executive Independent Director:
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
Mr. Rajiv Jain
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra
Mr. Shreemat Pandey
Non Executive Directors:
Mrs. Payal Gupta
Mrs. Ekta Jain
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer:
Mr. Ravi Dusad
Company Secretary
& Compliance Ofﬁcer:
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Audit Committee -
Chairman:
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
Members:
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra
Mr. Shreemat Pandey
Nomination & Remuneration
Committee -
Chairman:
Mr. Shreemat Pandey
Members:
Mrs. Payal Gupta 
Mr. Rajiv Jain
Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee -
Chairman:
Mr. Shreemat Pandey
Members:
Mrs. Ekta Jain
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
Company Details -
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
CIN: L40104RJ2015PLC048445
Regd. & Corp. Ofﬁce: C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Mansarovar,
Jaipur - 302020, Rajasthan, India
Phone: +91-141-2996001, 2996002 | Email: cs@insolationenegry.in
Web.: www.insolationenegry.in 
Manufacturing Unit -
Flat No 607, 6th Floor, Indraprakash Building , 21 Barakhamba Road,
New Delhi - 110001 
Delhi Ofﬁce -
INSOLATION ENERGY LTD.
INSOLATION GREEN ENERGY PVT. LTD.
INA 1 - Factory : Near DaulatpuraToll Tax, Jaipur-Delhi Bypass, Jaipur, Raj. -303805
INA 2 - Factory : Jatawali Industrial Area, Tehsil Chomu, Jaipur, Raj. -303806
INA 3 - Factory : NH -48, Sawarda, Delhi-Ajmer Expressway, Jaipur, Raj. -303348
INA 4 - Factory : Mohasa -Babai Industrial Area, Narmadapuram, Bhopal, MP -411661
Key Managerial Personnel -
85 86
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 46 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
The Management of Insolation Energy 
Limited presents the Management Discussion 
and Analysis Report covering the operational 
and ﬁnancial performance of the company for 
the year 2025-26
GLOBAL ECONOMY 
Geopolitical risks intensiﬁed during the year, as 
the global landscape became increasingly 
s h a p e d  b y  d e e p e n i n g  g e o e c o n o m i c 
fragmentation and a gradual retreat from 
multilateral cooperation. The outbreak of 
conﬂict in the Middle East in February 2026 
introduced a signiﬁcant downside risk to global 
growth, exerting pressure through higher crude 
oil and commodity prices, elevated inﬂation 
expectations, rising logistics costs, and tighter 
ﬁnancial conditions. These factors partially 
offset the otherwise improving momentum in 
global economic activity.
Despite these challenges, the global economy 
demonstrated notable resilience. Strong 
investment in technology-driven sectors, 
supportive ﬁscal and monetary policies, and the 
depreciation of the US dollar helped sustain 
global GDP growth at 3.4% in 2025. Absent the 
Middle East conﬂict, growth projections for 2026 
would likely have been revised upward. 
However, the disruptions arising from the 
conﬂict resulted in a downward revision of 0.2 
percentage points to the global growth outlook.
According to the baseline scenario of the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), which 
assumes that the conﬂict remains contained, 
global growth is projected at 3.1% in 2026 and 
3.2% in 2027—both below the historical average 
of 3.7% recorded during the period 2000–2019. 
Global headline inﬂation is expected to increase 
to 4.4% in 2026 before moderating to 3.7% in 
2027, driven primarily by higher energy prices 
and supply-chain disruptions.
The economic impact of these developments is 
expected to be uneven across regions. 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS REPORT
87 88
Emerging market and developing economies 
(EMDEs) have experienced a downward revision 
of 0.3 percentage points in growth projections, 
while the outlook for advanced economies 
remains broadly unchanged. Commodity-
importing EMDEs, particularly those with 
existing macroeconomic vulnerabilities, are 
likely to face the greatest challenges.
Downside risks continue to be substantial. 
Under an adverse scenario characterized by a 
larger and more sustained increase in energy 
prices, global growth could slow to 2.5%, while 
inﬂation could rise to 5.4%. In a more severe 
scenario involving signiﬁcant damage to critical 
energy infrastructure, global growth could 
decline to approximately 2.0%, with inﬂation 
exceeding 6% by 2027. In such a scenario, the 
economic impact on EMDEs is expected to be 
nearly twice as severe as that on advanced 
economies.
Against this backdrop, policymakers must 
prioritize preserving price and macroeconomic 
stability, strengthening ﬁnancial sector 
resilience, and accelerating structural reforms. 
Enhancing economic adaptability, maintaining 
credible policy frameworks, and reinforcing 
international cooperation will be critical to 
navigating an increasingly complex and 
uncertain global environment.
Although geopolitical uncertainties and 
elevated commodity prices created volatility 
across global supply chains, India's strong policy 
support for renewable energy, increasing 
localisation of manufacturing, and sustained 
domestic demand enabled the Company to 
maintain operational resilience. The Company's 
continued focus on technology, backward 
integration and domestic manufacturing 
h e l p e d  m i t i g a t e  e x t e r n a l  r i s k s  w h i l e 
strengthening its competitive position.
(Sources: World Economic Outlook, April 2026: 
Global Economy in the Shadow of War)
Particulars 2025 Estimate
INDIAN ECONOMY 
India continued to be the world’s fastest-
growing major economy in ﬁnancial year 2026, 
demonstrating remarkable resilience amid 
heightened global uncertainties and external 
headwinds, including the impact of higher US 
tariffs introduced in April 2025. Economic 
growth remained ﬁrmly anchored in robust 
domestic demand, with private consumption 
and ﬁxed investment serving as the primary 
drivers of expansion.
According to the provisional estimates for 
ﬁnancial year 2026, India’s real GDP grew by 
7.6%, compared with 7.1% in ﬁnancial year 2025. 
This strong performance was largely driven by 
domestic economic activity, particularly 
sustained growth in private consumption and 
c a p i t a l  f o r m a t i o n .  B o t h  Pr i va te  F i n a l 
Consumption Expenditure (PFCE) and Gross 
Fixed Capital Formation (GFCF) recorded 
growth rates exceeding 7.5% during the year, 
reﬂecting healthy consumer conﬁdence and 
continued investment momentum.
From a sectoral perspective, growth was broad-
based, with the secondary and tertiary sectors 
emerging as key contributors. At constant 
prices, these sectors are estimated to have 
expanded by 8.8% and 9.3%, respectively, in 
ﬁnancial year 2026. Manufacturing remained a 
signiﬁcant growth engine, recording an 
estimated real growth rate of 10.7%, while the 
trade, hotels, transport, communication, 
broadcasting, and storage-related services 
segment is estimated to have grown by 11.0%, 
underscoring the strength of both industrial and 
service-sector activity.
As India advances towards its vision of becoming 
a developed nation under the Viksit Bharat 2047 
initiative, coinciding with the centenary of its 
independence, it continues to build on a strong 
foundation of economic growth, structural 
World GDP Growth– Actuals and Projections (%)
2026 Projections 2025 Projection
World Output
Advanced Economies
Emerging Markets and Developing Economies
3.4
1.9
4.4
3.1
1.8
3.9
3.2
1.7
4.2
Global GDP GrowthTrend (in %)
3.1 3.2
Global
Economy
3.4
1.8 1.7 
Advanced
Economies
1.9
Emerging Market
and developing
Economies
3.9 4.2
4.4
CY 2025 CY 2026 (P) CY 2025 (P)
P - Projection (Source: International Monetary Fund – World Economic Outlook)
===== PAGE 47 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
89 90
reforms, and social progress. Supported by 
resilient domestic demand, moderating 
inﬂation, and improving labour market 
conditions, the country remains well-positioned 
to sustain its growth trajectory and achieve its 
long-term development aspirations by 2047.
C o n t i n u e d  g o v e r n m e n t  e m p h a s i s  o n 
infrastructure development, manufacturing 
under Make in India, and renewable energy 
expansion created a favourable environment for 
domestic solar manufacturers.
(Source: Press Release of Ministry of Statistics & 
Programme Implementation Government of 
India)
MONETARY POLICY
At its June 2026 meeting, the Reserve Bank of 
India Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) 
unanimously decided to keep the policy repo 
rate unchanged at 5.25% and retained its 
‘ n eutral’ m on etar y policy stan ce. Th e 
Committee underscored the growing risks 
arising from the prolonged conﬂict in West Asia, 
e l e va te d  e n e r g y  p r i c e s ,  s u p p l y - c h a i n 
disruptions, and weather-related uncertainties, 
all of which could weigh on the economic 
outlook.
While consumer price inﬂation (CPI) remains 
broadly contained, the RBI expects inﬂationary 
pressures to increase moderately in the coming 
months, driven by higher fuel prices and supply-
side constraints. Reﬂecting these evolving risks, 
the RBI revised its ﬁnancial year 27 real GDP 
growth forecast downward to 6.6%, from 6.9% 
projected at the April 2026 MPC meeting. At the 
same time, it raised its CPI inﬂation projection by 
50 basis points to 5.1% for ﬁnancial year 27.
Fuel prices have emerged as a key source of 
inﬂationary pressure, with petrol and diesel 
prices increasing cumulatively by 7.4% and 8.4%, 
respectively, since May 2026. According to RBI 
estimates, these increases are expected to 
directly contribute approximately 36 basis 
points to headline inﬂation, with additional 
indirect effects likely to materialise through 
higher transportation and logistics costs.
The RBI also highlighted weather-related risks 
as an important domestic concern. A potentially 
deﬁcient south-west monsoon, coupled with 
the possibility of El Niño conditions, could 
adversely affect agricultural output and food 
prices, posing further downside risks to growth 
and upside risks to inﬂation.
Source: Monetary Policy Statement, 2026-27 
Resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee
OUTLOOK
India’s medium-term growth outlook remains 
strong, with real GDP expected to expand at 
around 7% in ﬁnancial year 2027. The Reserve 
Bank of India projects growth at 6.6%, while the 
Economic Survey of India estimates a range of 
6.8%–7.2%, reﬂecting continued conﬁdence in 
the resilience and underlying strength of the 
economy.
The growth trajectory is expected to be 
supported by several favourable domestic 
factors, including sustained public capital 
expenditure, improving private sector 
investment sentiment, and tax rationalisation 
measures that are broadening the urban 
consumption base. In addition, healthier 
balance sheets across households, corporates, 
and the banking sector, along with stable 
ﬁnancial conditions and moderating inﬂation, 
are likely to provide a strong foundation for 
sustained economic expansion.
Going forward, domestic demand—led by 
consumption and investment—is expected to 
remain the primary driver of growth. At the 
same time, external risks will continue to require 
close monitoring. Geopolitical uncertainties, 
trade disruptions, supply chain fragmentation, 
volatility in energy prices, and ﬂuctuations in 
global capital ﬂows may create periodic 
macroeconomic headwinds.
Despite these challenges, India remains well 
positioned to sustain its growth momentum. 
Continued policy support, inf rastructure 
development, revival in private investment, and 
ongoing structural reforms are expected to 
reinforce economic resilience. Overall, the 
ﬁ n a n c i a l  y e a r  2 0 2 7  o u t l o o k  r e m a i n s 
constructive, with India likely to remain among 
the fastest-growing major economies globally, 
p r o v i d e d  m a c r o e c o n o m i c  s t a b i l i t y  i s 
maintained and the reform agenda continues to 
progress.
(Source: PIB, Economic Survey)
RENEWABLE ENERGY INDUSTRY
The global energy sector is undergoing a 
structural transformation as countries 
accelerate the transition towards cleaner and 
more sustainable sources of power. Rising 
electricity demand f rom electriﬁcation, 
digitalisation, data centres, electric mobility and 
industrial decarbonisation, coupled with 
increasing energy security concerns, continues 
to drive investments in renewable energy. 
Despite periodic volatility arising f rom 
commodity prices, supply chain disruptions and 
evolving policy frameworks, renewable energy 
remains the fastest-growing segment of the 
global power sector.
Solar energy has emerged as the cornerstone of 
this transition owing to its improving cost 
competitiveness, technological advancements 
and shorter project development timelines. 
Supported by favourable government policies, 
declining generation costs and increasing 
corporate adoption, renewables are expected to 
account for the majority of incremental power 
capacity additions over the coming decade. The 
sector is also witnessing growing investments in 
energy storage, grid modernisation and 
domestic manufacturing, creating a more 
resilient an d integrated clean en ergy 
ecosystem.
Global Renewable Energy Sector
The global renewable energy sector continues 
to witness robust expansion, driven by 
ambitious climate commitments, supportive 
policy frameworks and sustained investment in 
clean energy infrastructure. Renewable energy 
has become the dominant source of new power 
generation capacity worldwide, with solar 
photovoltaics (PV) accounting for the largest 
share of annual capacity additions.
The increasing competitiveness of renewable 
technologies, coupled with rapid advancements 
in battery energy storage, grid integration and 
digital energy management, has strengthened 
the reliability and scalability of renewable power. 
Governments across major economies are 
accelerating renewable deployment through 
production incentives, tax credits, renewable 
portfolio standards and carbon reduction 
targets, while corporate demand for clean 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 48 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
91 92
largest solar growth market, adding 37 GW of 
solar capacity in calendar year 2025, while 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 witnessed record 
additions of 44.61 GW of solar capacity, nearly 
double the previous year's additions. Total non-
fossil fuel capacity reached 283.46 GW, including 
274.68 GW of renewable energy capacity, with 
the highest-ever annual addition of 55.29 GW. 
Renewable energy also met 51.5% of India's 
electricity demand on 29th July 2025, marking 
the highest recorded monthly share.
electricity continues to rise through long-term 
power purchase agreements (PPAs).
As countries pursue energy independence 
alongside decarbonisation goals, renewable 
energy is expected to remain the primary driver 
of global power sector investments and capacity 
expansion.
Against this macroeconomic backdrop, the 
global renewable energy industry continued to 
outperform the broader power sector.
Capacity and Generation Growth
Global renewable energy capacity additions 
have continued to set new records, with solar 
energy leading incremental installations. 
Renewables now account for the largest share of 
newly commissioned electricity generation 
capacity globally and, in several markets, 
generate more electricity than conventional 
coal-based power.
Strong investments in utility-scale solar parks, 
distributed rooftop systems, hybrid renewable 
projects and battery energy storage systems 
have signiﬁcantly expanded renewable 
generation. Declining levelised costs of 
electricity (LCOE), technological improvements 
and economies of scale have further enhanced 
the competitiveness of renewable energy 
relative to conventional sources.
Looking ahead, continued investment in 
transmission infrastructure, grid ﬂexibility and 
energy storage is expected to support higher 
renewable penetration while ensuring grid 
stability and reliability.
Regional and Market Drivers 
Renewable energy growth is being shaped by a 
combination of policy support, economic 
competitiveness and structural shifts in 
electricity demand across global markets.
Key growth drivers include:-
• Accelerating electriﬁcation of transport, 
industry and buildings, increasing long-term 
electricity demand. 
• Rising investments in data centres, artiﬁcial 
intelligence inf rastructure and digital 
economies, creating sustained demand for 
reliable clean power. 
• National commitments towards net-zero 
emissions and decarbonisation, supported by 
favourable renewable energy policies and 
incentives. 
• Declining costs of solar modules, wind 
turbines and battery storage technologies, 
improving project economics. 
• Increasing emphasis on energy security and 
reduced dependence on imported fossil fuels. 
• Expansion of domestic manufacturing 
capabilities through localisation initiatives and 
supply chain diversiﬁcation. 
• G r ow i n g  c o r p o r a te  p r o c u r e m e n t  o f 
renewable energy through long-term PPAs and 
sustainability commitments. 
These structural drivers continue to support 
long-term renewable energy growth despite 
near-term challenges f rom interest rate 
movements, policy changes and global supply 
chain dynamics.
Indian Renewable Energy Sector
India has emerged as one of the world's fastest-
growing renewable energy markets, supported 
by a strong policy framework, rising electricity 
demand, favourable demographics, and 
ambitious climate commitments. Renewable 
energy continues to remain a strategic priority 
under the Government of India's energy 
transition agenda, with solar power accounting 
for the largest share of the country's renewable 
energy capacity and expected to remain the 
primary driver of future capacity additions.
Over the past decade, India's solar sector has 
undergone a remarkable transformation. 
Installed solar capacity has increased from 
approximately 3 GW in 2014 to 162.15 GW as of 30 
June 2026, reﬂecting more than a ﬁfty-fold 
expansion. This growth has been underpinned 
by sustained policy support, infrastructure 
development, domestic manufacturing 
expansion, competitive bidding mechanisms 
and increasing consumer participation. As a 
result, India has emerged as the world's second-
3 GW to 162 GW
Lighting the Way with Solar
3 GW
162.15 GW
50x
Capacity
Expansion
2014 June 2026
India's renewable energy expansion has been 
driven by a comprehensive and stable policy 
ecosystem comprising the National Solar 
Mission, Solar Parks Scheme, Green Energy 
Corridor Programme, competitive tariff-based 
bidding, Renewable Purchase Obligations 
(RPOs), and long-term climate commitments 
under the Panchamrit targets announced at 
COP26. These initiatives have created long-term 
demand visibility while signiﬁcantly improving 
project economics through transparent tariff 
discovery. Solar tariffs have declined from nearly 
₹18 per unit in 2010 to ₹2.44 per unit, making 
India one of the world's most cost-competitive 
solar power markets, with utility-scale solar 
LCOE estimated at USD 35/MWh, below the 
global average.
~₹ 18.00
2010
₹ 2.44
2010
Making Solar More Affordable
Solar Tariff Decline (₹ Per Unit)
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 49 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
93 94
domestic quality standards, including ISO, UL, 
IEC, ALMM, CE, TUVNORD and BIS certiﬁcations. 
Designed for all-weather performance, our solar 
systems are easy to install, cost-effective, and 
engineered to deliver optimal efﬁciency across 
diverse applications.
The company continues to strengthen its 
position as a key player in India’s renewable 
energy ecosystem. Our expansion is supported 
by strong demand across utility-scale, rooftop, 
EPC, government, and channel partner 
segments, ensuring diversiﬁed revenue streams 
and reduced customer concentration risk.
As of ﬁnancial year 25-26, the company operates 
a module manufacturing capacity of 5.5 GW. Our 
PAN-India distribution network continues to 
expand, supported by deep engagement with 
channel partners and customers across key 
markets.
The company continues to enhance our 
technological capabilities through advanced 
manufacturing of high-efﬁciency modules, 
including TOPCon M12R, and TOPCon G12R 
technologies. Strategic partnerships across 
technology, engineering, and equipment 
suppliers further strengthen our execution 
ecosystem and ensure timely project delivery.
To maintain top-of-mind recall, INA has 
partnered with the Lucknow Super Giants IPL 
team as their ofﬁcial solar partner. Additionally, 
the Company collaborates with EPC contractors 
for independent power producer (IPP) projects, 
enhancing its credibility as a dependable solar 
component supplier. INA’s government channel 
sales are executed through empanelled EPC 
contractors, enabling it to serve multiple market 
segments through a diversiﬁed distribution 
strategy.
The Company’s subsidiary, Insolation Green 
Infra Private Limited, focuses on the execution of 
solar EPC
projects including KUSUM Components A and 
C, solar parks, O&M services, and rooftop 
installations. The Company has a healthy 
pipeline of KUSUM projects.
GROWTH STRATEGY AND EXPANSION
Growth Strategy
The Company continues to strengthen its 
position as a key player in India’s renewable 
energy ecosystem. Our expansion is supported 
by strong demand across utility-scale, rooftop, 
EPC, government, and channel partner 
segments, ensuring diversiﬁed revenue streams 
and reduced customer concentration risk.
As of ﬁnancial year 2026, the Company operates 
a module manufacturing capacity of 5.5 GW. Our 
pan-India distribution network continues to 
expand, supported by deep engagement with 
channel partners and customers across key 
markets.
We continue to enhance our technological 
capabilities through advanced manufacturing 
of high-efﬁciency modules, including TOPCon, 
M10R, and G12R technologies. Strategic 
partnerships across technology, engineering, 
and equipment suppliers further strengthen 
our execution ecosystem and ensure timely 
project delivery.
Expansion Plan
Company’s long-term strategy is centered on 
building a fully integrated clean energy 
manufacturing platform. We are progressing 
strongly on 4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing 
facility together with an aluminium frame 
manufacturing facility having a planned 
capacity of 18,000 metric tonnes per annum at 
Narmadapuram, Madhya Pradesh. These 
strategic investments are expected to enhance 
operational efﬁciencies, improve supply chain 
resilience and position Insolation Energy as a 
fully integrated renewable energy company 
capable of delivering greater value across the 
manufacturing value chain.
Innovation remains central to our long-term 
strategy. Beyond manufacturing excellence, we 
continue to invest in advanced technologies, 
improve product efﬁciency and enhance 
operational performance to meet the evolving 
T h e  G o v e r n m e n t  h a s  s i m u l t a n e o u s l y 
strengthened domestic manufacturing 
through initiatives such as the Production 
Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme for high-
efﬁciency solar PV modules and the Approved 
List of Models and Manufacturers (ALMM), 
reducing import dependence and encouraging 
value addition across the solar supply chain. 
Solar module manufacturing capacity has 
consequently expanded from 2.3 GW in 2014 to 
around 172 GW by March 2026, supporting 
India's vision of building an integrated domestic 
renewable energy manufacturing ecosystem.
Infrastructure development has played a pivotal 
role in accelerating deployment. Under the Solar 
Parks Scheme, the Government has approved 
54 solar parks with a cumulative sanctioned 
capacity of 39,188 MW, providing developers 
with ready access to land and transmission 
infrastructure. Landmark projects such as 
Bhadla Solar Park, Pavagada Solar Park and 
Rewa Ultra Mega Solar Park have established 
India among the world's leading utility-scale 
solar markets. Complementing these efforts, the 
Green Energy Corridor Programme has 
strengthened transmission inf rastructure, 
enabling efﬁcient evacuation and integration of 
renewable power into the national grid.
India's solar deployment has expanded across 
multiple segments. Utility-scale projects 
contribute approximately 118.79 GW of installed 
capacity, while 27.88 GW has been installed 
through grid-connected rooftop systems. 
Additional capacity is contributed by hybrid 
ren ewable projec ts an d off- grid solar 
installations, improving energy access across 
both urban and rural regions. Distributed 
re n ewa b l e  e n e rg y  h a s  f u r t h e r  g a i n e d 
momentum through ﬂagship schemes such as 
PM Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojana, promoting 
residential rooftop solar, and PM-KUSUM, 
supporting solarisation of agricultural pumps 
and decentralised solar generation for farmers.
The Government has further reinforced its 
commitment through the approval of the 
Pradhan Mantri Surya Sarovar Yojana (PM-SSY) 
in July 2026. The scheme envisages the 
development of 5,000 MW of ﬂoating solar 
photovoltaic projects integrated with 10,000 
MWh of energy storage systems, utilising 
reservoirs and inland water bodies to optimise 
land use while enhancing grid stability. Backed 
by an outlay of ₹5,070 crore, the programme is 
expected to reduce approximately 10 million 
tonnes of annual CO₂ emissions, generate 
16 ,000–17,000 jobs, promote domestic 
manufacturing of ﬂoating solar systems and 
battery storage, and expand India's ﬂoating solar 
capacity from around 700 MW to 5,700 MW.
(Source: India's Solar Growth Enters a New Era by 
Press Information Bureau Government of India)
COMPANY OVERVIEW AND BUSINESS MODEL
The company is a leading manufacturer of high-
efﬁciency solar photovoltaic (PV) modules, 
offering advanced technologies such as Mono 
PERC and N-Type TOPCon. At the forefront of 
India’s solar transformation, the company 
delivers next-generation TOPCon, bifacial, and 
monofacial solar panels, powered by innovation 
and a commitment to uncompromising quality. 
Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities 
integrate AI and robotics to ensure precision, 
efﬁciency, and reliability in every module 
produced.
The company envisions a future where clean 
energy becomes a way of life-empowering 
homes, businesses, industries, and solar farms 
with accessible, sustainable, and high-
performance solar solutions. Our strong 
industry presence is built on trust and consistent 
performance, supported by 1000+ channel 
partners across 250+ districts. Today, we serve 
more than 40,000+ customers, ensuring wide 
accessibility and strong market reach.
The company offers end-to-end solar solutions, 
covering consultation, system design, 
installation, and ongoing maintenance 
delivering seamless support across residential, 
commercial, industrial, and utility-scale 
applications. Our products are manufactured 
using high-performance, top-tier equipment, 
ensuring durability, efﬁciency, and long-term 
reliability. We comply rigorously with global and 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 50 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
95 96
needs of the renewable energy sector. Our 
adoption of high-efﬁciency TOPCon technology 
and our ongoing evaluation of future 
opportunities in Battery Energy Storage 
Systems (BESS) and solar wafer manufacturing 
demonstrate our commitment to building a 
future-ready organisation prepared for the next 
phase of India's energy transition.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & OPERATIONAL 
HIGHLIGHTS 
The Company delivered strong operational and 
ﬁnancial performance in ﬁnancial year 2025-26, 
reﬂecting robust execution and increasing 
market acceptance.
Financial Performance on Consolidated Basis
with over 1000 channel partners.
· Continued focus on high-efﬁciency TOPCon 
technology.
· Successfully migrated from the SME Platform 
to the Main Boards of BSE Limited and 
National Stock of India Limited (NSE).
· Featured in Forbes India – Best Under a Billion.
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES
Particulars 31st March, 2026 Change (%)
Total Income
EBITDA
PAT
2,16,352.38
30,462.41
20,063.15
1,34,362.34
17,258.14
12,558.81
61.02%
76.50%
59.75%
31st March, 2025
(₹ in Lakhs)
EBITDA increased by 76.50% primarily due to 
improved product mix, higher operating 
efﬁciencies, disciplined cost management, and 
better capacity utilisation, resulting in 
expansion of EBITDA margins 124 bps on YOY 
basis. The Company improved proﬁtability 
through higher value-added product sales, 
operating efﬁciencies, better procurement, and 
tighter cost control.
Ratio 31st March, 2025 Remarks
Debtors Turnover Ratio
Inventory Turnover Ratio
Interest Coverage Ratio
Current Ratio 
Debt Equity Ratio
Operating Proﬁt Margin
Net Proﬁt Margin
Return on Net Worth
16.46
17.69
22.68
2.52
0.18
16.17%
9.42%
20.63%
33.43%
46.80%
-47.00%
26.23%
481.00%
5.77%
0.74%
20.29%
Due to increase in trade receivable
Due to increase in inventory
Due to increase in Interest cost
Due to increase in current liabilities
Due to increase in debt
-
-
-
(₹ in Lakhs)Financial ratios on Consolidated Basis
31st March, 2026
10.96
9.41
12.02
1.86
1.03
17.10%
9.35%
24.82
YoY Change (%)
Financial
Performance
Analysis 
Operational Highlights
· Expanded module manufacturing capacity to 
5.5 GW.
· Advanced 4.5 GW solar cell manufacturing 
project at Narmadapuram.
· Progressed 18,000 MT aluminium f rame 
manufacturing facility.
· Strengthened nationwide distribution network 
OPPORTUNITIES:
a) Accelerating Renewable Energy Transition
The global shift towards clean energy, supported 
by climate commitments and increasing 
electricity demand, presents signiﬁcant growth 
opportunities for renewable energy companies. 
India’s ambitious renewable energy targets, 
rising power consumption and focus on energy 
security provide a favourable environment for 
the expansion of solar energy.
b) Growing Demand for Domestic Solar 
Manufacturing
Government initiatives promoting domestic 
manufacturing, supply chain localisation and 
reduction of import dependency are expected 
to create sustained demand for Indian solar 
manufacturers. The Company is well positioned 
to beneﬁt from these opportunities through 
capacity expansion, technology enhancement 
and backward integration initiatives.
c) Technology Advancement and Product 
Innovation
C o n t i n u o u s  a d v a n c e m e n t s  i n  s o l a r 
technologies, including high-efﬁciency 
TOPCon, bifacial modules and integrated 
r e n e w a b l e  e n e r g y  s o l u t i o n s ,  p r o v i d e 
opportunities to improve product performance, 
enhance customer value and strengthen 
competitiveness.
d) Expansion Across Renewable Energy Value 
Chain
The Company’s strategy to expand into solar 
cells, aluminium f rames, energy storage 
solutions and integrated clean energy offerings 
provides opportunities for greater value 
creation, improved supply chain control and 
. Strong government support through 
schemes such as PM MITRA, PLI and 
export incentives
·  Large domestic market supported by 
r i s i n g  d i s p o s a b l e  i n c o m e s  a n d 
consumption
.  Diversiﬁed value chain spanning from 
ﬁbre to ﬁnished garments
. Increasing demand for MMF, technical 
textiles and sustainable products
. Global shift towards a China+1 sourcing 
strategy
.  Export growth potential with a target of ₹9 
Lakh crore by 2030
.  Availability of a large and skilled labour 
base
.  Vo l a t i l i t y  i n  g l o b a l  d e m a n d  a n d 
dependence on key export markets
. Intense competition f rom low-cost 
manufac turing countries such as 
Bangladesh and Vietnam
. Infrastructure and logistics inefﬁciencies in 
certain clusters
.  High dependence on cotton vs. the global 
MMF shift
. Fragmented industry structure with MSME 
dominance
. Rising cost pressures, including labour, 
compliance and logistics)
.  N e e d  f o r  c o n t i n u o u s  te c h n o l o g y 
u p g r a d a t i o n  a n d  p r o d u c t i v i t y 
improvement
OPPORTUNITIES CHALLENGES
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 51 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
97 98
OUTLOOK 
The Company remains conﬁdent about its long-
term growth trajectory, supported by capacity 
expansion, backward integration, rising 
domestic demand, and strong opportunities 
across India’s renewable energy sector. Key 
priorities include:
• Timely commissioning of ongoing expansion 
projects 
• Strengthening backward integration and 
operational efﬁciency 
• Enhancing capacity utilization 
• Maintaining disciplined capital allocation 
• Sustaining healthy proﬁtability and 
improving ROCE 
With its integrated business model spanning 
manufacturing, EPC, and IPP capabilities, the 
Company is well-positioned to beneﬁt from 
India’s accelerating clean energy transition and 
deliver sustainable long-term value to 
stakeholders.
Other key developments
During ﬁnancial year 2025–26, the Company 
achieved several notable milestones, further 
strengthening its brand presence and market 
positioning. Key developments include:
• Featured in Forbes India – Best Under a 
Billion, highlighting the Company’s strong 
growth trajectory and performance excellence.
• Recognised among global listed solar 
manufacturers in ﬁnancial stability rankings, 
underscoring its ﬁnancial strength and 
operational resilience.
• Successfully migrated from the BSE SME 
Platform to the Main Board of both the BSE 
Limited and the National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited, marking a signiﬁcant step in the 
Company’s capital market journey and 
enhancing its visibility among a wider investor 
base.
HUMAN RESOURCE
The Company recognizes that its employees are 
the principal assets and that its continued 
growth is dependent upon the ability to attract 
and retain quality people. The Company also 
recognizes the importance of providing training 
and development opportunities to its people to 
enhance their skills and experiences, which in 
turn enables the company to achieve its 
business objectives. The morale of employees 
continued to remain high during the year 
contributing positively to the progress of the 
Company. However, aspirations of employees in 
Company remain to be high. This is a challenge 
as only growth can fulﬁll these aspirations and in 
today’s market scenarios one has to perform 
extraordinarily to achieve growth.
The Company has always provided a congenial 
atmosphere for work to all sections of the 
society. Your Company is committed to respect 
universal human rights. To that end, the 
Company practices and seeks to work with 
business associates who believe and promote 
these standards. The Company is committed to 
provide equal opportunities at all levels, safe and 
healthy workplaces and protecting human 
health and environment. The Company provides 
opportunities to all its employees to improve 
their skills and capabilities. The Company’s 
commitment extends to its neighboring 
communities to improve their educational, 
cultural, economic and social well-being. 
Your Company is an equal opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate on the grounds of 
race, religion, nationality, ethnic origin, colour, 
gender, age, citizenship, sexual orientation, 
marital status or any disability not affecting the 
functional requirements of the position held. As 
of 31st March, 2026, the Company had 394 of 
permanent employees, including employees of 
subsidiary companies. The Company continues 
to invest in employee capability development 
through technical training, leadership 
programmes and skill enhancement initiatives.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR 
ADEQUACY
Internal Financial Control means the policies 
and procedures adopted by the Company for 
ensuring the orderly and efﬁcient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, timely 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
enhanced operational efﬁciency.
e) Sustainability and Responsible Growth
Sustainability remains integral to the 
Company’s business philosophy. Through its 
renewable energy solutions, the Company 
contributes towards reducing carbon emissions 
and supporting India’s clean energy transition. 
The Company continues to focus on responsible 
manufacturing practices, resource efﬁciency, 
employee safety and ethical governance, 
creating long-term value for stakeholders.
CHALLENGES/RISKS
T h e  Co m p a ny  fo l l ow s  a  d e t a i l e d  R i s k 
Management Framework to spot and handle 
challenges and risks effectively. This supports 
steady business growth alongside strong 
corporate governance. The Company faces 
various internal and external challenges and  
risks that bring different challenges at different 
times. Each needs its own mitigation steps. 
The Risk Management Process and System put 
solid plans in place for all identiﬁed risks. The 
Risk Management Committee keeps close 
watch and reviews these plans regularly. 
a) Raw Material Price Risk
Solar manufacturing is dependent on critical 
inputs such as solar cells, wafers, aluminium 
frames and other components. Volatility in raw 
material prices, supply disruptions or 
geopolitical developments may impact costs 
and margins.
The Company mitigates these risks through 
supplier diversiﬁcation, strategic procurement 
practices, inventory planning and its focus on 
backward integration to strengthen supply 
chain resilience.
b) Technology Risk
The solar industry continues to evolve rapidly, 
with ongoing advancements in module 
efﬁciency and manufacturing technologies. 
Failure to adopt emerging technologies may 
impact competitiveness. 
Th e Company continuously invests in 
te c h n o l o g y  u p g r a d e s ,  m a n u fa c t u r i n g 
capabilities and process improvements to 
remain aligned with industry developments.
c) Policy & Regulatory Risk
The renewable energy sector is inﬂuenced by 
government policies, incentives, import 
regulations, environmental regulations and 
changes in renewable energy programmes. Any 
adverse policy developments may affect 
industry growth and project economics.
The Company closely monitors regulatory 
developments and maintains operational 
ﬂexibility to adapt to changing market 
conditions.
d) Execution Risk
Timely execution of expansion projects and 
achieving optimal capacity utilisation are critical 
f o r  s u s t a i n a b l e  g r o w t h .  D e l a y s  i n 
commissioning or lower-than-expected 
utilisation may impact ﬁnancial performance.
The Company focuses on effective project 
planning, strong execution capabilities, 
disciplined capital allocation and continuous 
operational monitoring.
e) Competition Risk
The solar manufacturing sector is witnessing 
increasing participation from domestic and 
international players, which may result in 
competitive pressure on pricing and margins.
The Company addresses this risk through 
produc t differentiation, quality focus, 
t e c h n o l o g i c a l  c a p a b i l i t i e s ,  c u s t o m e r 
relationships and operational efﬁciency.
f) Foreign Exchange Risk
The Company imports certain machinery, 
equipment and raw materials. Currency 
ﬂuctuations may affect procurement costs.
The Company mitigates this through prudent 
treasury management, supplier diversiﬁcation 
and increasing domestic sourcing.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 52 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
99 100
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
This document contains certain forward-
looking statements relating to expected future 
events and the ﬁnancial and operational 
performance of the Company. These statements 
are based on a number of assumptions and are 
therefore subject to inherent risks and 
uncertainties. Consequently, there is a 
possibility that these assumptions may not 
materialise as anticipated, and the actual results 
may differ signiﬁcantly from those projected. 
Readers are advised not to place undue reliance 
on such forward-looking statements, as various 
known and unknown risks and other factors 
may cause actual outcomes to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied herein.
This document should be read in its entirety and 
is subject to the disclaimers and qualiﬁcations 
set out, including the assumptions and risk 
factors detailed in the Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis section of the Annual 
Report for ﬁnancial year 2025–26.
the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records and timely preparation of 
reliable ﬁnancial information. 
The company has an Internal Control System 
commensurate with the size, scale and 
complexity of its operations, ensuring that all the 
assets are safeguarded and protected against 
loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and 
that the transactions are authorized, recorded 
and reported correctly. These controls are 
supported by Internal Audits, Management 
reviews and documented policies, guidelines 
and procedures. These controls are designed to 
ensure that the ﬁnancial and other records are 
reliable for preparing ﬁnancial information and 
other reports and for maintaining regular 
accountability of the Company’s assets. Internal 
Financial Controls of the Company are adequate 
with reference to the Financial Statements and 
operating effectively.
The company recognizes that risk is an integral 
and inevitable part of the business and is fully 
committed to manage the risks in a proactive 
and efﬁcient manner. The Company has a 
disciplined process for continuously assessing 
th e risks in th e internal an d external 
environment along with minimizing the impact 
of risks. The Company incorporates the risk 
mitigation steps in its strategy and operating 
plans. The objective of the risk management 
process in the Company is to enable value 
creation in an uncertain environment, promote 
good governance, address stakeholder’s 
expec tations proac tively and improve 
organizational resilience and sustainable 
growth.
T h e  co m p a ny  re g u l a rl y  i d e n t i ﬁ e s  t h e 
uncertainties and after assessing them, devises 
short-term and long-term actions to mitigate 
any risk, which could materially impact the 
Company’s long-term plans. Mitigation plans for 
signiﬁcant risks are well integrated with 
business plans and are reviewed on a regular 
basis by the management of the Company. The 
Company periodically reviews and improves the 
adequacy and effectiveness of its risk 
management systems considering rapidly 
changing business environment and evolving 
complexities. 
SUSTAINABILITY AND ESG COMMITMENT
Sustainability is an integral part of the 
Company’s business philosophy and long-term 
growth strategy. As a renewable energy 
company, the Company is committed to 
supporting India’s transition towards a cleaner 
and more sustainable energy future through the 
development and adoption of efﬁcient solar 
energy solutions. By enabling renewable power 
generation, the Company contributes towards 
reducing carbon emissions and supporting 
global efforts towards a low-carbon economy.
The Company continues to focus on responsible 
manufacturing practices, resource efﬁciency, 
operational excellence and environmental 
stewardship across its business operations. The 
adoption of advanced technologies, continuous 
process improvements and efﬁcient resource 
utilisation remain key focus areas to minimise 
environmental impact while enhancing 
productivity.
The Company recognises that sustainable 
growth is driven by strong relationships with 
e m p l o y e e s ,  c u s t o m e r s ,  p a r t n e r s  a n d 
communities. The Company is committed to 
maintaining a safe, inclusive and growth-
oriented workplace by promoting employee 
well-being, skill development and a culture of 
transparency and accountability. Health and 
safety practices remain a priority across 
manufacturing facilities and operational 
locations.
Strong governance practices form the 
foundation of the Company’s operations. The 
Company follows principles of integrity, ethical 
conduct, compliance and responsible decision-
making supported by robust internal controls 
and risk management systems. Through its 
continued focus on Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) principles, the Company aims 
to create long-term value for stakeholders while 
contributing meaningfully to India’s clean 
energy transition.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman & Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 53 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Dear Members,
The Board of Directors is pleased to present the 
First Annual Report following the migration of 
Insolation Energy Limited (“the Company” or 
“INA”) from the SME Platform to the Main Board, 
being the 11th Annual Report of the Company, 
for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March 2026. This 
Report highlights the Company's operational 
and ﬁnancial performance during the year 
under review, together with the Audited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Statements and other statutory disclosures, in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
101 102
from ₹ 5.93 per equity share in the previous 
ﬁnancial year, reﬂecting enhanced value 
creation for shareholders.
LISTING 
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the company 
achieved a signiﬁcant corporate milestone. On 
09th March, 2026, the Company has successfully 
migrated its 22,03,94,625 (Twenty Two Crores 
Three Lakhs Ninety Four Thousand Six Hundred 
and Twenty Five) fully paid-up equity shares of ₹ 
1/- each from the SME Platform of BSE Limited to 
t h e  M a i n  B o a r d  o f  B S E  L i m i t e d  a n d 
simultaneously obtained direct listing on the 
Capital Market Segment (Main Board) of 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”).
This landmark achievement reﬂects the 
company’s consistent ﬁnancial performance, 
strong corporate governance standards, 
enhanced compliance framework, and growing 
conﬁdence of investors and stakeholders. The 
migration to the Main Board marks an 
important step in the Company’s growth 
journey and is expected to enhance the 
Company ’s visibility, liquidity, market 
capitalization, and access to a wider investor 
base, including institutional investors.
The listing on the Main Board of both premier 
stock exchanges in India further reinforces the 
Company’s commitment towards long-term 
value creation, transparency, and sustainable 
growth.
STATE OF THE AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY 
AND FUTURE OUTLOOK
The company is a leading manufacturer of high-
efﬁciency solar photovoltaic (PV) modules, 
offering advanced technologies such as Mono 
PERC and N-Type TOPCon. At the forefront of 
India’s solar transformation, the company 
delivers next-generation TOPCon, bifacial, and 
monofacial solar panels, powered by innovation 
and a commitment to uncompromising quality. 
Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities 
integrate AI and robotics to ensure precision, 
efﬁciency, and reliability in every module 
produced.
The company envisions a future where clean 
energy becomes a way of life-empowering 
homes, businesses, industries, and solar farms 
with accessible, sustainable, and high-
performance solar solutions. Our strong 
industry presence is built on trust and consistent 
performance, supported by 1000+ channel 
partners across 250+ districts. Today, we serve 
more than 40,000+ customers, ensuring wide 
accessibility and strong market reach.
The company offers end-to-end solar solutions, 
covering consultation, system design, 
installation, and ongoing maintenance 
delivering seamless support across residential, 
commercial, industrial, and utility-scale 
applications. Our products are manufactured 
using high-performance, top-tier equipment, 
ensuring durability, efﬁciency, and long-term 
reliability. We comply rigorously with global and 
domestic quality standards, including ISO, UL, 
IEC, ALMM, CE, TUVNORD and BIS certiﬁcations. 
Designed for all-weather performance, our solar 
systems are easy to install, cost-effective, and 
engineered to deliver optimal efﬁciency across 
diverse applications.
The company continues to strengthen its 
position as a key player in India’s renewable 
energy ecosystem. Our expansion is supported 
by strong demand across utility-scale, rooftop, 
EPC, government, and channel partner 
segments, ensuring diversiﬁed revenue streams 
and reduced customer concentration risk.
As of ﬁnancial year 25-26, the company operates 
a module manufacturing capacity of 5.5 GW. Our 
PAN-India distribution network continues to 
expand, supported by deep engagement with 
channel partners and customers across key 
markets.
The company continues to enhance our 
technological capabilities through advanced 
manufacturing of high-efﬁciency modules, 
including TOPCon M12R, and TOPCon G12R 
technologies. Strategic partnerships across 
technology, engineering, and equipment 
suppliers further strengthen our execution 
ecosystem and ensure timely project delivery.
Regulations, 2015.
FINANCIAL SUMMARY 
The Audited Financial Statements of your 
Company as on 31st March, 2026, are prepared in 
accordance with the relevant applicable Indian 
Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and Regulation 
33 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
( L i s t i n g  O b l i g a t i o n s  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) and the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”).
The summarized ﬁnancial highlight is depicted 
below:
KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR 
The Company delivered a strong ﬁnancial 
performance during the ﬁnancial year 2025–26, 
achieving signiﬁcant growth across all key 
ﬁnancial parameters. The key operational and 
consolidated ﬁnancial highlights are as follows:-
Revenue: The company reported a total revenue 
of ₹ 2,163.52 Crores, a substantial increase of 
61.02% year on year basis compared to ₹ 1,343.62 
Crores in the previous year.
EBITDA: The company’s EBITDA saw a 
remarkable growth of 76.50%, rising to ₹ 304.62 
Crores from ₹ 172.58 Crores year on year basis.
Proﬁt After Tax (PAT): Proﬁt after tax 
experienced an extraordinary increase of 59.75%, 
soaring to ₹ 200.63 Crores from ₹ 125.59 Crores 
year on year basis.
Earnings Per Share (EPS): Basic Earnings Per 
Share (EPS) increased to ₹ 9.10 per equity share 
Revenue from operations
Other income
Total Income
Total Operating Expenses
Proﬁt/(Loss) Before Interest, 
Depreciation and taxes
Finance Costs
Depreciation and Amortization
Prior Period Items
Proﬁt/(Loss) Before Tax
Current Tax
Deferred tax Provision/(Provision 
written back)
Earlier Year Tax
Net proﬁt from continuing operations
Add: Other Comprehensive Income
Proﬁt/(Loss) after Tax
EPS
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2025
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2025
9,802.52
757.73
10,560.24
9,047.43
1,512.81
258.19
319.39
-
935.23
26.59
190.31
-
718.33
-0.64
717.69
0.33
11,302.35
962.83
12,265.19
11,132.08
1,133.11
253.97
211.50
-
667.63
175.82
16.59
-
475.22
20.83
496.05
0.22
2,14,602.13
1750.25
2,16,352.38
1,85,889.97
30,462.41
2,354.09
3,579.79
-
24,528.53
3,458.81
997.55
9.01
20,063.15
-16.01
20,047.14
9.10
1,33,376.84
985.49
1,34,362.34
1,17,104.20
17,258.14
821.59
1,130.70
-
15,305.85
2,714.12
32.92
-
12,558.81
22.44
12,581.25
5.93
Previous year ﬁgures have been regrouped/re-arranged wherever necessary.
(₹ in Lakhs)
===== PAGE 54 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
103 104
MONITORING AGENCY REPORT AND DETAILS 
OF DEVIATION(S) OR VARIATION(S) IN THE 
USE OF PROCEEDS OF ISSUE, IF ANY
Pursuant to Regulation 162A of the SEBI (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 and Regulation 32 of the SEBI 
( L i s t i n g  O b l i g a t i o n s  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, CARE Ratings 
Limited has been the Monitoring Agency for 
monitoring the utilization of proceeds from the 
funds raised through the Preferential issue of 
equity shares of the Company. The Monitoring 
Agency Reports submitted on a quarterly basis 
were periodically reviewed by the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors and were 
duly disseminated to the Stock Exchanges as 
required under the applicable regulations. The 
Company conﬁrms that the utilization of 
proceeds from the funds raised through the 
Preferential issue of equity shares of the 
Company was in accordance with the objects 
stated in the Prospectus and there was no 
deviation or variation in the utilization of the 
proceeds during the ﬁnancial year under review.
CREDIT RATING
The Company’s ﬁnancial discipline and 
prudence is reﬂected in the strong credit ratings 
ascribed by rating agencies. The details of credit 
ratings are disclosed in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which forms part of the 
Annual Report.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND POLICY
The Company recognizes that risk is an integral 
and inevitable part of the business and is fully 
committed to manage the risks in a proactive 
and efﬁcient manner. The Company has a 
disciplined process for continuously assessing 
th e risks in th e internal an d external 
environment along with minimizing the impact 
of risks. The Company incorporates the risk 
mitigation steps in its strategy and operating 
plans. The objective of the risk management 
process in the Company is to enable value 
creation in an uncertain environment, promote 
good governance, address stakeholder’s 
expec tations proac tively and improve 
organizational resilience and sustainable 
growth.
T h e  Co m pa ny  re g u l a rl y  i d e n t i ﬁ e s  t h e 
uncertainties and after assessing them, devises 
short-term and long term actions to mitigate 
any risk, which could materially impact the 
Company’s long-term plans. Mitigation plans for 
signiﬁcant risks are well integrated with 
business plans and are reviewed on a regular 
basis by the management of the Company. The 
Company periodically reviews and improves the 
adequacy and effectiveness of its risk 
management systems considering rapidly 
changing business environment and evolving 
complexities. In compliance with Regulation 21 
of the SEBI LODR Regulations, a Risk 
Management Committee has been constituted 
by the Board and is entrusted with roles and 
powers as speciﬁed in Part D of Schedule II of 
SEBI LODR Regulations. The Committee 
periodically reviews and improves the adequacy 
and effectiveness of its risk management 
systems considering rapidly changing macro 
environment, evolving compliances and 
business complexities. 
The Company had already adopted a Risk 
Management Policy. The said Policy is uploaded 
o n  t h e  w e b s i t e  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y  a t 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
Your Company has always been following its 
core philosophy of serving society ever since its 
inception. Your Company has a comprehensive 
CSR Policy outlining programmes, projects and 
activities that your Company undertakes to 
create a signiﬁcant positive impact on identiﬁed 
stakeholders. All these programmes fall within 
the purview of Section 135 read with Schedule VII 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 
2014. The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy 
('CSR Policy') of your Company, is available on 
your Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
The Board of Directors of the Company had 
constituted the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee of the Board of Directors, which 
performs the roles and functions as mandated 
under the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and 
To maintain top-of-mind recall, INA has 
partnered with the Lucknow Super Giants IPL 
team as their ofﬁcial solar partner. Additionally, 
the Company collaborates with EPC contractors 
for independent power producer (IPP) projects, 
enhancing its credibility as a dependable solar 
component supplier. INA’s government channel 
sales are executed through empanelled EPC 
contractors, enabling it to serve multiple market 
segments through a diversiﬁed distribution 
strategy.
The Company’s subsidiary, Insolation Green 
Infra Private Limited, focuses on the execution of 
s o l a r  E P C  p r o j e c t s  i n c l u d i n g  K U S U M 
Components A and C, solar parks, O&M services, 
and rooftop installations. The Company has a 
healthy pipeline of KUSUM projects.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES & SURPLUS
During the period under review, the Board of 
Directors (“the Board”) of the company has 
decided to retain the entire amount of net proﬁt 
in the Reserves & Surplus.
DIVIDEND
Although, Financial Year 2025-2026 was a 
proﬁtable year for the Company, given that the 
Company is still in the growth phase, the Board 
plans to re-invest the proﬁts back into the 
Company to support its growth objectives and 
does not recommend any dividend for the 
ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2026.
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), the Board had 
formulated a Dividend Distribution Policy (‘the 
Policy’). The policy is available on Company’s 
website and can be accessed at the link 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS TO INVESTOR 
EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (“IEPF”)
During the period under review, your Company 
does not have any funds lying unpaid or 
unclaimed for a period of seven years. Therefore, 
there were no funds that were required to be 
transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF).
CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
There was no change in nature of the business of 
the Company during the ﬁnancial year ended on 
31st March, 2026.
DEPOSITS
During the year under review, the Company has 
not accepted any deposit falling within the 
ambit of Section 73 to 76 of the Companies Act, 
2013, and the Companies (Acceptance of 
Deposits) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to 
time. The company has not accepted any 
deposits in earlier years, as such question of 
unpaid or unclaimed deposits and default in 
repayment does not arise.
SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital
The Company’s authorized capital remained 
unchanged during the ﬁnancial year. As on 31st 
March, 2026, it stands at ₹ 27,00,00,000/- (Twenty 
Seven Crores) divided into ₹ 27,00,00,000 
(Twenty Seven Crores) equity shares of the face 
value of ₹ 1/- (one) each.
Paid-Up Share Capital
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Company 
allotted 51,625 (Fifty One Thousand Six Hundred 
Twenty Five) fully paid-up equity shares of face 
value ₹1/- (one) each pursuant to the exercise of 
stock options by eligible employees of the 
Company and its subsidiaries under the 
Insolation Energy Employee Stock Option Plan, 
2024. As a result, your Company’s issued and 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
stands increased from ₹ 22,03,43,000 (Twenty 
Two Crores Three Lakhs Forty Three Thousand) 
divided into 22,03,43,000 (Twenty Two Crores 
Three Lakhs Forty Three Thousand) equity 
shares of the face value of ₹ 1/- each to ₹ 
22,03,94,625 (Rupees Twenty Two Crores Three 
Lakhs Ninety Four Thousand Six Hundred 
Twenty Five) divided into 22,03,94,625 (Twenty 
Two Crores Three Lakhs Ninety Four Thousand 
Six Hundred Twenty Five) equity shares of the 
face value of ₹ 1/-(one)  each.
===== PAGE 55 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
105 106
background, knowledge, ethnicity and 
perspective etc. The policy is directed towards 
rewarding performance, based on review of 
achievements. It is aimed at attracting and 
retaining high calibre talent.  The Board reviews 
and carries out the necessary amendments in 
the Policy from time to time. The Policy relating 
to Nomination & Remuneration of the company 
is available on the website of the company 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy 
DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARY, JOINT VENTURES 
AND ASSOCIATE COMPANY
As on 31st March, 2026, the Company has 1 (One) 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary, 6 (Six) Subsidiaries, 5 
(Five) Associate Company and 77 (Seventy-
Seven) Step Down Subsidiaries. 
The details are as under:
a) Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited is the 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company and is 
engaged in the business of Solar PV Module 
manufacturing, Services and other allied 
activities.
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Company 
achieved a total income of ₹2164.50 Crores and 
reported a net proﬁt of ₹191.17 Crores.
b) Subsidiary Companies
The company has the following subsidiary 
companies, which are primarily engaged in the 
d e v e l o p m e n t ,  e r e c t i o n ,  i n s t a l l a t i o n , 
establishment, construction, operation, 
maintenance of solar power plants and 
implementation of renewable energy projects 
and are presently in various stages of project 
development and commercial implementation:
such other matters as prescribed by the Board of 
Directors from time to time.
The company had undertaken CSR activities in 
the areas of education, eradicating hunger, 
poverty and malnutrition, promoting health 
care including preventive health care for the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26. 
The Annual Report on Corporate Social 
Responsibility Activities, as required under 
Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014, is annexed herewith as 
Annexure - I to this Report
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION & FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNINGS AND OUTGO
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, relevant details of energy 
conservation, technology absorption, and 
foreign exchange earnings and outgo are 
attached as Annexure ‐ II to this Report.
PA R T I C U L A R S  O F  C O N T R A C T S  A N D 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
All contracts/arrangements/transactions with 
the related parties that were entered by the 
Company during the Financial Year 2025-26 
were in the Ordinary Course of the Business and 
on Arm’s Length basis. All the transactions with 
related parties are placed before the Audit 
Committee for its approval. An omnibus 
approval from the Audit Committee is obtained 
for the related party transactions which are 
repetitive in nature. There have been no 
materially signiﬁcant related party transactions 
between the Company and the Directors, the 
management, the subsidiaries or the relatives 
except for those disclosed in the ﬁnancial 
statements. Accordingly, particulars of contracts 
or arrangements with related parties referred to 
in Section 188(1), along with the justiﬁcation for 
entering into such contracts or arrangements 
are disclosed in the ﬁnancials.
Therefore, the disclosure of the Related Party 
Transactions as required under Section 134(3)(h) 
of the Act in Form AOC-2 is attached as 
Annexure - III.
Further, in terms of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) (Amendment) 
Regulations, 2018, the transactions with 
person/entity belonging to the promoter/ 
p ro m o te r  g ro u p  h o l d i n g  1 0 %  o r  m o re 
shareholding in the Company are disclosed in 
the Financials of the company forming part of 
the Annual Report.
The Policy relating to Related Party Transactions 
of the company is available on the website of the 
companyhttps://insolationenergy.in/investors/p
olicy 
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION POLICY
The Board has, on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, laid 
down a Nomination & Remuneration Policy for 
selection and appointment of the Board of 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior 
Management and their remuneration. 
The Policy broadly lays down the guiding 
principles, philosophy and the basis for payment 
of remuneration to Executive and Non-
Executive Directors (by way of sitting fees), Key 
Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.
The policy also provides the criteria for 
determining qualiﬁcations, positive attributes 
and Independence of Director and criteria for 
appointment and removal of Board of Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel / Senior Management 
and performance evaluation which are 
c o n s i d e r e d  b y  t h e  N o m i n a t i o n  a n d 
Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors.
The Policy sets out a framework that assures fair 
and optimum remuneration to the Board of 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior 
Management Personnel such that the 
Company’s business strategies, values, key 
priorities and goals are in harmony with their 
aspirations. The policy lays emphasis on the 
importance of diversity within the Board, 
encourages diversity of thought, experience, 
1
2
3
4
5
6
S. N. Name of Subsidiary Date of Incorporation
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited
18th July, 2024
1st January, 2025
27th February, 2025
21st April, 2025
23rd July, 2025
10th August, 2025
c) Associate Companies
As on 31st March, 2026, the Company has the following Associate Companies:
1
2
3
4
5
S. N. Name of Subsidiary Date of Incorporation
MGVI Green Infra Private Limited
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private Limited
GCPL Solar Two Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limited
29th October, 2024
31st August, 2024
10th December, 2024
05th July, 2024
03rd September, 2024
d) Step-Down Subsidiaries
As on 31st March, 2026, the Company has 
seventy-seven (77) Step-down Subsidiaries, 
e s t a b l i s h e d  f o r  t h e  d e v e l o p m e n t , 
implementation and operation of solar energy 
projects. These entities have been established as 
Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) to undertake 
solar energy projects across various locations. 
The details of these seventy-seven (77) Step-
down Subsidiaries are as follows:-
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
S. N. Name of Companies Date of Incorporation
MGPG Green Infra Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra Private Limited
MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited
MVS Green Infra Private Limited
JRD Green Infra Private Limited
ENS Green Infra Private Limited
PED Green Infra Private Limited
18th August, 2025
08th August, 2025
10th August, 2025
11th August, 2025
12th August, 2025
11th August, 2025
12th August, 2025
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 56 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
107 108
8. 
9. 
10. 
11. 
12. 
13. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
17. 
18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
23. 
24. 
25. 
26. 
27. 
28. 
29. 
30. 
31. 
32. 
33. 
34. 
35. 
36. 
37. 
38. 
39. 
40. 
41. 
42. 
43. 
44. 
45. 
46. 
47. 
48. 
49. 
50. 
51. 
52. 
53. 
54. 
55. 
56. 
57. 
58. 
59. 
60. 
61. 
62. 
63. 
64. 
65. 
MGVJ Green Infra One Private Limited
PED Green Infra One Private Limited
MVS Green Infra One Private Limited
JRD Green Infra One Private Limited
ENS Green Infra One Private Limited
MGPG Green Infra One Private Limited
MPNG Green Infra Private Limited
PRJG Green Infra Private Limited
VNPG Green Infra Private Limited
DGEJ Green Infra Private Limited
JEMP Green Infra Private Limited
NEPG Green Infra Private Limited
EVNJ Green Infra Private Limited
DMGN Green Infra Private Limited
NSJG Green Infra Private Limited
SRJG Green Infra Private Limited
MPGE Green Infra Private Limited
HVJN Green Infra Private Limited
GRJP Green Infra Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra One Private Limited
DEGP Green Infra Private Limited
EGPN Green Infra Private Limited
MJEV Green Infra Private Limited
PHDJ Green Infra Private Limited
NRJG Green Infra Private Limited
GNVP Green Infra Private Limited
MGPE Green Infra Private Limited
PRMJ Green Infra Private Limited
NVJG Green Infra Private Limited
PGNJ Green Infra Private Limited
SRGE Green Infra Private Limited
DJRG Green Infra Private Limited
HEPJ Green Infra Private Limited
RDPJ Green Infra Private Limited
VJPG Green Infra Private Limited
EGJM Green Infra Private Limited
VEMJ Green Infra Private Limited
GNPR Green Infra Private Limited                                                           
PJGN Green Infra Private Limited
DVJG Green Infra Private Limited
GDRV Green Infra Private Limited
GNJM Green Infra Private Limited
GVHJ Green Infra Private Limited
HPJG Green Infra Private Limited
PDJN Green Infra Private Limited
EGHR Green Infra Private Limited
JENP Green Infra Private Limited
VJEG Green Infra Private Limited
NGRJ Green Infra Private Limited
MGJR Green Infra Private Limited
EGRJ Green Infra Private Limited
GJPN Green Infra Private Limited
HGJP Green Infra Private Limited
JGVR Green Infra Private Limited
PDGN Green Infra Private Limited
RJGM Green Infra Private Limited
GRMJ Green Infra Private Limited
MGNJ Green Infra Private Limited
09th September, 2025
09th September, 2025
09th September, 2025
09th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
09th September, 2025
09th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
10th September, 2025
11th September, 2025
11th September, 2025
11th September, 2025
11th September, 2025
14th September, 2025
15th September, 2025
15th September, 2025
15th September, 2025
15th September, 2025
16th September, 2025
16th September, 2025
16th September, 2025
16th September, 2025
17th September, 2025
17th September, 2025
17th September, 2025
17th September, 2025
18th September, 2025
18th September, 2025
20th September, 2025
19th September, 2025
19th September, 2025
24th September, 2025
24th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
30th September, 2025
03rd October, 2025
03rd October, 2025
03rd October, 2025
03rd October, 2025
03rd October, 2025
07th October, 2025
07th October, 2025
08th October, 2025
66. 
67. 
68. 
69. 
70. 
71. 
72. 
73. 
74. 
75. 
76. 
77.
GRHE Green Infra Private Limited
DJEM Green Infra Private Limited
NRGE Green Infra Private Limited
HVGM Green Infra Private Limited
EGJP Green Infra Private Limited
GNHR Green Infra Private Limited
PEMJ Green Infra Private Limited
VJNR Green Infra Private Limited
JRGM Green Infra Private Limited
MGJN Green Infra Private Limited
JHVG Green Infra Private Limited
PRGE Green Infra Private Limited
09th October, 2025
14th October, 2025
14th October, 2025
15th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
16th October, 2025
22nd October, 2025
Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Act, a 
statement containing salient features of the 
ﬁnancial statement of subsidiaries and 
associate companies are enclosed as Annexure 
IV in form AOC- 1. 
The ﬁnancial statements of the Company, along 
with the relevant documents and separate 
audited accounts in respect of subsidiaries, are 
available on the website of the Company at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/ﬁnancial-
information
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, there has 
been no material change in the nature of the 
business of the subsidiaries and associate 
companies except as disclosed in this Annual 
Report.
MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited is the 
material subsidiary of the Company as per the 
thresholds laid down under the Listing 
Regulations for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26. The 
Board of Directors of the Company have 
approved a Policy for determining material 
subsidiaries which is in line with the Listing 
Regulations as amended f rom time to           
t i m e .  T h e  P o l i c y  c a n  b e  a c c e s s e d  a t 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
B O A R D  O F  D I R E C T O R S  A N D  K E Y 
MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
a) Board of Directors
a) As on 31st March, 2026, the Board of the 
Company consists of Ten members, two of 
whom are Executive Directors, three Non-
Executive Directors and ﬁve Independent 
Directors including one Women Independent 
Director.
b) During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Board 
met 6 (Six) times. The details of the composition 
of Board of directors, meetings of the Board, 
attendance of Directors are provided in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming part of 
this Annual Report.
b) Appointment of Directors/Cessation
c) During the year under review and between 
the end of the ﬁnancial year and date of this 
report, following are the changes in Board of 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company.
d) Due to the sad demise of Late Mr. Kuljit Singh 
Popli (DIN: 01976135), Independent Director of 
the Company, on 18th April 2025, he ceased to 
hold ofﬁce as an Independent Director with 
effect from the said date.
e) Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra (DIN: 08321265) was 
appointed as Independent Director of the 
Company w.e.f. 14th July, 2025 for a term of ﬁve 
c o n s e c u t i v e  y e a r s  f r o m  t h e  d a t e  o f 
appointment. The same was approved by the 
members of the Company by special resolution 
passed on 04th July, 2025 through Postal Ballot.
f) Mr. Rajiv Jain (DIN: 11247215) was appointed as 
Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 10th 
October, 2025 for a term of ﬁve consecutive years 
from the date of appointment. The same was 
approved by the members of the Company by 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 57 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
109 110
special resolution passed on 28th November, 
2025 through Postal Ballot.
g) Mr. Shreemat Pandey (DIN: 00411662) was 
appointed as Independent Director of the 
Company w.e.f. 05th February, 2026 for a term of 
ﬁve consecutive years f rom the date of 
appointment. The same was approved by the 
members of the Company by special resolution 
passed on 17th April, 2026 through Postal Ballot.
h) Subsequent to the closure of ﬁnancial year, 
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra (DIN:  06957894) ceased to be 
a member of the Board of Directors of the 
company w.e.f. 30th June, 2026, due to her 
professional commitments elsewhere.
c) Retirement by Rotation
i) Pursuant to provisions of Section 152(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Articles of Association 
of the Company, Mrs. Ekta Jain (DIN: 09409513), 
and Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) would 
retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and 
being eligible, have offered themselves for re-
appointment. The Board recommends their re-
appointment for the consideration of the 
Members of the Company at the forthcoming 
AGM and same have been mentioned in the 
Notice convening the forthcoming AGM. 
d) Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”)
j) Pursuant to provisions of Section 203 of the 
Act, the Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMPs’) of 
the Company as on 31st March, 2026 are:-
1
2
3
4
S. N. Name of the KMP Designation
Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023)
Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760)
Mr. Ravi Dusad
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Chairman and Whole-Time Director
Managing Director
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer
T h e  B o a rd  i s  o f  t h e  o p i n i o n  t h a t  t h e 
Independent Directors of the Company possess 
requisite qualiﬁcations, experience and 
expertise (including the proﬁciency) and hold 
highest standards of integrity.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 
AND STATEMENT ON COMPLIANCE OF CODE 
OF CONDUCT
All Independent Directors have given requisite 
declarations under Section 149 (7) of the 
Companies Act 2013, conﬁrming that they meet 
the criteria of independence as speciﬁed under 
Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16 
(1) (b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended. All Independent Directors have 
conﬁrmed that they are not aware of any 
circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated, that could impair or 
impact their ability to discharge their duties with 
an objective of independent judgment and 
without any external inﬂuence. Further, as 
required under section 150 (1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 they have registered themselves as 
Independent Directors in the independent 
director data bank. 
The Independent Directors of the company have 
complied with the Code for Independent 
Directors as prescribed in Schedule IV to the 
Companies Act 2013. In the opinion of the Board, 
the Independent Directors of the Company 
including the Independent Directors appointed 
during the year possess the requisite expertise 
and experience and are persons of high integrity 
and repute and fulﬁlls the conditions speciﬁed 
in the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 
made thereunder and the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
R e g u l a t i o n s ,  2 0 1 5  a n d  a r e  e l i g i b l e  & 
independent of the management. List of key 
skills, expertise and competencies of the Board, 
including the Independent Directors, forms a 
part of the Corporate Governance Report of this 
Annual Report.
A detailed overview of the key skills, expertise 
and core competencies of the Board, including 
the Independent Directors, is provided within 
the Corporate Governance Report which forms 
part of the Annual Report 2025-26.
SEPARATE MEETING OF INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
During the year under review and pursuant to 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Rules made thereunder and Regulation 25(3) of 
the Listing Regulations, the Independent 
Directors of the Board met, without the 
presence of any Non-Independent Director 
and/or Management Representative, on 12th 
February, 2026 to inter-alia discuss the 
following:-
k) Review of performance of Non-Independent 
Directors;
l) Review of performance of Board as a Whole;
m) Review of Performance of the Chairperson 
of the Company, taking into account the views of 
Executive 
n) Directors and Non-Executive Directors; and
o) Assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of 
ﬂow of information between the company 
management and the Board that is necessary 
for the Board to effectively and reasonably 
perform their duties.
I N D U C T I O N  A N D  F A M I L I A R I S A T I O N 
PROGRAMME
A letter of appointment together with an 
induction kit is provided to Independent 
Directors at the time of their appointment, 
setting out their roles, functions, duties and 
responsibilities. In terms of the Listing 
Regulations, the terms and conditions of 
appointment of Independent Directors are 
available on your Company ’s website. 
F a m i l i a r i s a t i o n  p r o g r a m m e s  f o r  t h e 
Independent Directors generally forms part of 
the Board process. Board and Committees are 
updated on business performance; operating 
results; risk management and mitigation plans; 
efforts and initiatives around environment and 
sustainability; management outlook on 
business; economic / industry developments, 
among others. Directors also interact with the 
Statutory and the Internal Auditors of your 
Company. They are also regularly kept informed 
of other regulatory changes and corresponding 
impact on your Company. The details of 
familiarisation programme imparted to 
Directors is available on your Company’s website 
at    
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-
announcements
RE-APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 under review, 
no Independent Director was re-appointed 
upon the expiry of the ﬁrst term of ﬁve 
consecutive years.
BOARD MEETING
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, Six (6) Board 
Meetings were held on 15th May 2025, 26th May 
2025, 14th August, 2025, 23rd October, 2025, 14th 
November, 2025 and 12th February, 2026. The 
gap between any two meetings did not exceed 
120 days and attendance thereat are provided in 
the corporate governance report forming part of 
the Annual Report 2025-26.
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD, 
ITS COMMITTEES & INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS
In terms of requirements of the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013, the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company speciﬁed the manner 
for effective evaluation of the performance of 
the Board of Directors including independent 
Directors. Based on the same, the Board carries 
o u t  a n  a n n u a l  e v a l u a t i o n  o f  i t s  o w n 
performance, and the performance of its 
Committees, Individual Directors including 
Independent Directors. The performance of the 
Board is evaluated by the Board based on criteria 
such as Board composition and structure, 
effectiveness of Board processes, Board 
strategy, Board and Management relation etc. 
The performance of Committees is evaluated by 
the Board on the basis of criteria such as 
composition of Committees, effectiveness of 
Committee working, independence, etc. The 
Board evaluates the performance of individual 
Directors on the basis of criteria such as 
attendance and contribution of Director at 
Board/Committee Meetings, adherence to 
ethical standards and code of conduct of the 
Company, time devoted to in Board functioning, 
Extent of diversity in the knowledge and related 
industry expertise, etc.
===== PAGE 58 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
111 112
have submitted their Secretarial Audit report for 
the Financial Year 2025-26 in the prescribed 
format and the same is enclosed at Annexure - V.
There are no qualiﬁcation, reservation or adverse 
remark in the Secretarial Audit Report of the 
Company for the Financial Year ended 31st 
March, 2026 and hence, does not call for any 
further comments in terms of the provisions of 
Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.
c) Internal Auditor and Auditors’ Report
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors of 
the Company appointed M/s. ARS & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Reg No. 009406C) 
as the Internal Auditors of the Company to 
conduct the Internal Audit of the Company for 
the ﬁnancial year 2025-26. During the year under 
review, the Internal Auditors conducted 
quarterly audits of various functions and 
activities across the Company. The audits were 
aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of internal 
controls, risk management, and governance 
processes. 
Based on the recommendation of the audit 
committee, the Board of Directors, at its 
meeting held on 26th May, 2026, appointed M/s. 
RBSN & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 019015C), as Internal Auditors, to 
conduct the Internal Audit of the Company, 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for the ﬁnancial year 2026-
27.
d) Cost Auditor and Cost Audit
The Company is required to maintain cost 
records as speciﬁed by the Central Government 
under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and accordingly such 
accounts and records are made and maintained 
by the Company. 
During the year under review, the Company has 
ﬁled the Cost Audit Report for the ﬁnancial year 
2024-25 as received from the Cost Auditors and 
there was no qualiﬁcation(s) or adverse 
remark(s) in the Cost Audit Report, which 
require any clariﬁcation/explanation. Further, 
the Cost Auditors are in the process of 
conducting the audit of cost records for year 
2025-26 and shall submit their report in due 
course.
In terms of the provisions of section 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Cost Records and Audit) Amendment Rules, 
2014, on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company have appointed M/s. Deepak Mittal & 
Co., Cost Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 
003076) to conduct the cost audit for the 
ﬁnancial year ending 31st March, 2027. The 
remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is 
required to be ratiﬁed by the members in the 
General Meeting accordingly a resolution for 
seekin g Member ’s ratiﬁcation for th e 
remuneration payable to M/s. Deepak Mittal & 
Co., Cost Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 
003076), forms part of the Notice of the ensuing 
11th Annual General Meeting.
REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS
During the period under review, the Auditors of 
the Company have not identiﬁed and reported 
any fraud as speciﬁed under the second proviso 
of Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013.
ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 134(3) (a) and Section 92 (3) 
of the Companies Act, read with the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
the Annual Return of the Company is available 
o n  t h e  w e b s i t e  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y  a t 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-
announcements
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN
The Company has introduced the Insolation 
Energy Employee Stock Option Plan 2024 
(“ESOP 2024”) primarily with a view to motivate 
key employees of the Company, its subsidiaries/ 
holding company/ group companies including 
associate companies for their contribution to 
the corporate growth on sustained basis, to 
create an employee ownership culture, to retain 
the best talent in the competitive environment 
and to encourage them in aligning individual 
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
As on 31st March, 2026, pursuant to the 
requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
L i s t i n g  O b l i g a t i o n s  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing 
Regulations”) the Board of Directors had the 
following Committees:
i. Audit Committee
ii. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
iii. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
iv. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
v. Risk Management Committee
The committees play a crucial role in the 
governance structure of the Company as they 
deal with speciﬁc matters of the Company that 
needs a closer review and are governed by their 
terms of reference. During the year under 
review, all recommendations made by the 
various committees were accepted by the 
Board. Further the minutes of the meetings of all 
committees of the Board are placed before the 
Board of directors for noting.
A detailed update on the composition, re-
constitution and number of meetings, 
attendance, and terms of reference of above 
mentioned Committees are provided in the 
section Corporate Governance Report forming 
part of this Annual Report.
COMPOSITION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee comprises of Mr. Anil 
Kumar Gupta (DIN: 03573328) as chairman, Mr. 
Akhilesh Kumar Jain (DIN: 03466588, Dr. Subir 
Bikas Mitra (DIN: 08321265) and Mr. Shreemat 
Pandey (DIN: 00411662) as other Members. More 
details are given in the Corporate Governance 
Report. All the recommendations made by the 
Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.
AUDITORS & REPORTS OF THE AUDITORS
a) Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the 
Act, M/s. Badaya & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No. 006395C) was appointed 
as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, by the 
members of the Company at the 06th Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”) held on 11th October 
2021 for a period of ﬁve (5) consecutive years, to 
hold the ofﬁce from the conclusion of the 06th 
AGM held in the year 2021 till the conclusion of 
11th AGM of the Company to be held in the year 
2026.
The existing term of M/s. Badaya & Co. going to 
be expire in upcoming annual general meeting, 
t h e  B o a rd  o f  D i re c to r s ,  b a s e d  o n  t h e 
recommendation of the audit committee, at its 
meeting held on 26th May, 2026, has approved 
the appointment of M/s. ARS & Company 
Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No.: 
009406C) in place of M/s. Badaya & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
006395C) as statutory auditors of the company 
for consecutive terms of 5 (ﬁve) years i.e. from 
the conclusion of 11th AGM till the conclusion of 
16th AGM of the Company, subject to the 
approval of members of the company in the 
forthcoming AGM of the company.
The Company has received the requisite 
consent, eligibility certiﬁcate and conﬁrmation 
f ro m  M /s .  A R S  &  Co m pa ny,  C h a r te re d 
A c c o u n t a n t s ,  to  t h e  e f f e c t  t h a t  t h e i r 
appointment, if approved by the Members, shall 
be in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
139, 141 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
The Statutory Auditors’ Report provided by M/s. 
Badaya & Co., Chartered Accountants forms part 
of this Annual Report. The Statutory Auditor’s 
report does not contain any qualiﬁcation, 
reservation or adverse remark for the year under 
review and does not call for any further 
comments by the Board of Directors.
b) Secretarial Auditors 
In terms of provisions of Section 204 of the Act 
and Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations, M/s. 
Bhawika Ramnani & Co., Practicing Company 
S e c r e t a r i e s  ( F i r m  R e g i s t r a t i o n  N o . 
S2023RJ949100), were appointed as Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company, in the Annual General 
Meeting held on 29th September, 2025, for a 
term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years commencing 
from 1stApril, 2025, till 31st March, 2030. They 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 59 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
113 114
Company.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS, THEIR 
ADEQUACY AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Internal Financial Control means the policies 
and procedures adopted by the Company for 
ensuring the orderly and efﬁcient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, timely 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records and timely preparation of 
reliable ﬁnancial information. 
The company has an Internal Control System 
commensurate with the size, scale and 
complexity of its operations, ensuring that all the 
assets are safeguarded and protected against 
loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and 
that the transactions are authorized, recorded 
and reported correctly. These controls are 
supported by Internal Audits, Management 
reviews and documented policies, guidelines 
and procedures. These controls are designed to 
ensure that the ﬁnancial and other records are 
reliable for preparing ﬁnancial information and 
other reports and for maintaining regular 
accountability of the Company’s assets. Internal 
Financial Controls of the Company are adequate 
with reference to the Financial Statements and 
operating effectively.
The company recognizes that risk is an integral 
and inevitable part of the business and is fully 
committed to manage the risks in a proactive 
and efﬁcient manner. The Company has a 
disciplined process for continuously assessing 
the risks in the internal and external 
environment along with minimizing the impact 
of risks. The Company incorporates the risk 
mitigation steps in its strategy and operating 
plans. The objective of the risk management 
process in the Company is to enable value 
creation in an uncertain environment, promote 
good governance, address stakeholder’s 
expec tations proac tively and improve 
organizational resilience and sustainable 
growth.
T h e  co m p a ny  re g u l a rl y  i d e n t i ﬁ e s  t h e 
uncertainties and after assessing them, devises 
short-term and long-term actions to mitigate 
any risk, which could materially impact the 
Company’s long-term plans. Mitigation plans for 
signiﬁcant risks are well integrated with 
business plans and are reviewed on a regular 
basis by the management of the Company. The 
Company periodically reviews and improves the 
adequacy and effectiveness of its risk 
management systems considering rapidly 
changing business environment and evolving 
complexities. 
In compliance with Regulation 21 of the SEBI 
LODR Regulations, a Risk Management 
Committee has been constituted by the Board 
and is entrusted with roles and powers as 
speciﬁed in Part D of Schedule II of SEBI LODR 
Regulations. The committee periodically 
reviews and improves the adequacy and 
effectiveness of its risk management systems 
c o n s i d e r i n g  r a p i d l y  c h a n g i n g  m a c r o 
environment, evolving compliances and 
business complexities.
During the year under review, no material 
weakness in the design or operation of internal 
ﬁnancial controls was observed. The Risk 
Management Policy can be accessed at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT
The Company recognizes that its employees are 
the principal assets and that its continued 
growth is dependent upon the ability to attract 
and retain quality people. The Company also 
recognizes the importance of providing training 
and development opportunities to its people to 
enhance their skills and experiences, which in 
turn enables the company to achieve its 
business objectives. The morale of employees 
continued to remain high during the year 
contributing positively to the progress of the 
Company. However, aspirations of employees in 
Company remain to be high. This is a challenge 
as only growth can fulﬁll these aspirations and in 
today’s market scenarios one has to perform 
extraordinarily to achieve growth.
The Company has always provided a congenial 
atmosphere for work to all sections of the 
goals with that of the Company’s objectives, and 
to attract, motivate, retain talent, and reward 
loyalty. Pursuant to the Resolution of the Board 
of Directors dated 3rd February, 2024, and the 
Shareholders’ Resolution dated 4th March, 2024 
the Company has instituted Insolation Energy 
Employee Stock Option Plan 2024 (“ESOP 
2024”). Further, the Board of Directors resolution 
dated 17th May, 2024 and Shareholders’ 
Resolution dated 17th June, 2024, the beneﬁt of 
ESOP 2024 has been extended to permanent 
employees of subsidiary / associate / group / 
holding company(ies) if any, of the Company, 
whether working in India or outside India, and 
the future subsidiary/associate/group/holding 
companies of the Company, if any. The ESOP 
2024 is in compliance with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021. The Insolation Energy 
Employee Stock Option Plan 2024 was 
established for the grant of a upto 2,00,000 (Two 
Lakh) Options in one or more tranches to the 
e l i g i b l e  e m p l o y e e s  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y 
s u b s i d i a r y /a s s o c i a t e /g r o u p / h o l d i n g 
company(ies) if any, at the exercise price. 
Pursuant to the subdivision/split of Company 
equity shares, and in accordance with Clause 3.5 
of the Plan, the originally sanctioned 2,00,000 
options have been adjusted and converted into 
20,00,000 (Twenty Lakh) options. The Company 
has received In-Principle Approval from BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange Board of 
India (the “Designated Stock Exchange”) on 19th 
June, 2024 and 29th June, 2026 respectively for 
the issuance of stock options under ESOP 2024. 
With regard to the above, the necessary 
disclosures as stipulated under the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 and the Companies Act, 2013 
as on 31st March, 2026 is provided in Annexure - 
VI to this report. The details are also available on 
the website of the Company at the weblink: 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
P A R T I C U L A R S  O F  L O A N S  G I V E N , 
INVESTMENTS MADE, GUARANTEES GIVEN 
AND SECURITIES PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 
186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Particulars of loans given, investments made, 
guarantees given and securities covered under 
section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
the Companies (Meetings of the Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to 
time, forms part of the notes to the Financial 
Statements of the company read together with 
notes annexed and forms an integral part of the 
ﬁnancial statements.
LOAN FROM DIRECTORS OR DIRECTOR’S 
RELATIVE
The Company has not taken any loans from 
Directors or their relatives during the year under 
review.
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION OF 
DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL 
AND EMPLOYEES
Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and 
other details as required under section 197(12) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of 
t h e  C o m p a n i e s  ( A p p o i n t m e n t  a n d 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014 as amended from time to time are annexed 
at Annexure – VII and form a part of this Report. 
Particulars of the employee as required under 
Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, forms part 
of this Report. However, in pursuance of Section 
136(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, this report is 
being sent to the shareholders of the Company 
excluding the said remuneration. A statement 
showing the names and other particulars of the 
employees drawing remuneration over the 
limits set out in the said Rules forms part of this 
Report. The said information is available for 
inspection at the registered ofﬁce of the 
Company during working hours up to the date 
of the Annual General Meeting. Any member 
interested in obtaining such information may 
write to the Company Secretary and the same 
will be furnished on request. Mr. Manish Gupta, 
(DIN: 02917023), Chairman & Whole Time 
Director and Mr. Vikas Jain, (DIN: 00812760), 
Managing Director of the Company, also receive 
the remuneration from Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited, Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
===== PAGE 60 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
115 116
society. Your Company is committed to respect 
universal human rights. To that end, the 
Company practices and seeks to work with 
business associates who believe and promote 
these standards. The Company is committed to 
provide equal opportunities at all levels, safe and 
healthy workplaces and protecting human 
health and environment. The Company provides 
opportunities to all its employees to improve 
their skills and capabilities. The Company’s 
commitment extends to its neighboring 
communities to improve their educational, 
cultural, economic and social well-being. 
Your Company is an equal opportunity employer 
and does not discriminate on the grounds of 
race, religion, nationality, ethnic origin, colour, 
gender, age, citizenship, sexual orientation, 
marital status or any disability not affecting the 
functional requirements of the position held.
VIGIL MECHANISM & WHISTLE BLOWER
The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower 
Policy, to provide a formal mechanism to the 
Directors and employees to report their 
concerns about unethical behavior, actual or 
suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s 
Code of Conduct and instances of leakage of 
unpublished price sensitive information. The 
policy provides for adequate safeguard against 
victimisation of employees who utilizes the 
mechanism and also provides for direct access 
to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in 
exceptional cases. It is afﬁrmed that no 
personnel has been denied access to the Audit 
Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy is placed 
on the website of the Company, accessible at the 
link https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy  
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF 
WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
Our Company is an equal opportunity provider 
and believes in providing opportunity and key 
positions to women professionals. At the same 
time, it has been an Endeavour of the Company 
to support women professionals through a safe, 
healthy, and conducive working environment by 
creating and implementing proper policies to 
tackle issues relating to safe and proper working 
conditions for them. The Company has zero 
tolerance towards sexual harassment of Women 
at the workplace and has adhered to the 
provisions and adopted a policy on prevention, 
prohibition, and redressal of sexual harassment 
of Women at the Workplace in accordance with 
the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules there 
under. The following is the summary of Sexual 
Harassment Complaints received and disposed 
during the Financial Year 2025-26.
The following is the summary of Sexual 
Harassment Complaints received and disposed 
during the Financial Year 2025-26.
OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
During the period under review, there were no 
signiﬁcant and material orders passed by the 
regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the 
going concern tatus and Company’s operations 
in future.
C O M P L I A N C E  W I T H  S E C R E T A R I A L 
STANDARDS
T h e  c o m p a n y  h a s  c o m p l i e d  w i t h  t h e 
requirements prescribed under the secretarial 
standards on the meetings of the Board of 
Directors (SS-1) and General Meeting (SS-2) 
issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (“ICSI”).
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Additionally, as per the provisions of Section 134 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(5) 
(xiii) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, 
the company has complied with the provision 
with respect to the compliance of the provisions 
relating to the Maternity Beneﬁt Act, 1961.
CORPORATE INSOLVENCY RESOLUTION 
PROCESS INITIATED UNDER THE INSOLVENCY 
AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, no application 
has been made under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016. Hence, the requirement 
to disclose the application made or proceeding 
pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016, along with its status at the end of the 
ﬁnancial year is not applicable.
INSTANCE OF ONE TIME SETTLEMENT WITH 
ANY BANK OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
The requirement of disclosure of details of the 
difference between the amount of the valuation 
done at the time of one-time settlement and the 
valuation done while taking loan from the Banks 
or Financial Institutions along with the reasons 
thereof, is not applicable during the period 
under review.
VOLUNTARY REVISION OF FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS OR BOARD’S/DIRECTOR’S 
REPORT
No revisions were made in the ﬁnancial 
statements and Board’s/Directors’ Report of 
your Company.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Your Directors reafﬁrm their continued 
commitment to good corporate governance 
practices. During the year under review, 
Company was in compliance with the provisions 
relating to corporate governance as provided 
under the Securities Exchange Board of India 
( L i s t i n g  O b l i g a t i o n s  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended). 
The compliance report is provided in the 
Corporate Governance section of this Annual 
Report.
B U S I N E S S  R E S P O N S I B I L I T Y  A N D 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
In terms of Regulation 34 of Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as 
amended) read with relevant SEBI Circulars, 
Company has included Business Responsibility 
and Sustainability Report (‘BRSR’) as part of this 
Annual Report. 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
REPORT
The Management Discussion and Analysis 
Report on the operations of the Company, as 
required under the Listing Regulations is 
provided in a separate section and forms part of 
this Annual Report.
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013, the Board of Directors of the Company, to 
the best of their knowledge and belief and 
according to the information and explanations 
obtained by them, state that:
a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for 
the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2026, the 
applicable accounting standards have been 
followed along with proper explanation relating 
to material departures;
b) the Directors had selected such accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and 
made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and 
1
2
3
S. N. Particulars No. of Complaints
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year
Number of Complaints disposed of during the year
Number of cases pending for more than ninety days
Nill
Nill
Nill
The company has complied with the provision 
relating to the constitution of the Internal 
Complaints Committee under the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at the Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013.
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS 
AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY
During the ﬁnancial year under review, there 
h a v e  b e e n  n o  m a t e r i a l  c h a n g e s  a n d 
commitments, affecting the ﬁnancial position of 
the Company which have occurred between the 
end of the ﬁnancial year of the Company to 
which the ﬁnancial statements relate and till the 
date of this report.
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL 
ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR 
COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE 
GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 61 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
117 118
fair view of the state of affairs of the company at 
the end of the ﬁnancial year 31st March, 2026 and 
of the proﬁt and loss of the company for that 
period;
c) the Directors had taken proper and sufﬁcient 
care for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets 
of the company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d) the annual accounts have prepared on a 
‘going concern’ basis;
e) the Directors have laid down internal ﬁnancial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal ﬁnancial controls are adequate 
and are operating effectively; and 
f) the Directors have devised proper systems to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of all 
applicable laws and that such systems are 
adequate and operating effectively.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
Your Directors wish to express their grateful 
appreciation for the valuable support and 
cooperation received from Suppliers, Investors, 
Banks, Auditors, Clients, Vendors, Advisors, all 
regulatory and government authorities and all 
other business associates. The Board places on 
record its sincere appreciation towards the 
Company’s valued customers for the support 
and conﬁdence reposed by them in the 
organization and looks forward to the 
continuance of this supportive relationship in 
the future. Your Directors proudly acknowledge 
the contribution and hard work of the 
employees of the Company at all levels, who, 
through their competence, hard work, solidarity 
and commitment, have enabled the Company 
to achieve consistent growth.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman & Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 62 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements(Annual Report 2025-26)
119 120
(3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not Applicable.
5. (a) Average net proﬁt of our Company as per 
section 135(5):  ₹632.03 Lakhs
(b) Two percent of average net proﬁt of the 
Company as per section 135(5):  ₹12.64 Lakhs
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or 
programs or activities of the previous ﬁnancial 
years:  Nil
(d) Amount required to be set-off for the 
ﬁnancial year:  ₹2.22 Lakhs
(e) Total CSR obligation for the ﬁnancial year  
[(b)+(c)-(d)]: ₹10.42 Lakhs 
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both 
Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing 
Project):  ₹10.50 Lakhs
(b) Amount spent in Administrative overheads: 
Nil
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if 
applicable: Not applicable
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial 
Year[(a)+(b)+©]:  ₹10.50 Lakhs
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the 
ﬁnancial year:
Total Amount Spent for
the Financial Year (in ₹)
Amount Unspent (in ₹)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent
CSR Account as per subsection (6) of Section 135   
Amount transferred to any fund speciﬁed under
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
₹ 10.50 Lakhs NA NA NA NA NA
(f) Excess amount for set off, if any
S. No. Particulars
Two percent of average net proﬁt of the company as 
per Section135(5)
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
Excess amount spent for the ﬁnancial year[(ii)-(I)]
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or 
activities of the previous ﬁnancial years, if any
Amount available for set off in succeeding ﬁnancial 
years [(iii)-(iv)]
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
Amount (in ₹)
12.64 Lakhs*
10.50 Lakhs
0.08 Lakhs
Nil
0.08 Lakhs
*During the reporting period under review, the total CSR obligation amounted to ₹12.64 lakhs. However, the 
Company has adjusted this obligation against the eligible excess CSR expenditure of earlier ﬁnancial years 
available for set-off, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules 
made thereunder.
7.  Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three ﬁnancial years:
S.
No.
Preceding
Financial
Year(s) 
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account Under
section 135(6)
(in ₹)
Balance Amount
in Unspent CSR
Account under
subsection (6)
of section 135
(in ₹)
Amount spent
in the Financial
Year (in ₹)
Amount transferred
to a fund as
speciﬁed under
Schedule VII as per
second proviso to
section 135(5), if any
Amount
remaining to be
spent in
succeeding
ﬁnancial
Years(In₹)
Deﬁciency,
if any
1
2
3
Nil
2023-24
2022-23
2021-22
created/acquired: Not Applicable 
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so 
created or acquired through Corporate Social 
Responsibility amount spent in the Financial 
Year: Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been 
created or acquired through Corporate Social 
responsibility amount spent in the Financial 
Year: No
If yes, enter the number of Capital assets 
1. Brief Outline of CSR Policy:
Our Company’s CSR strategy framework is 
based on the principles of ‘Responsible  
Business’ and ‘Shared Value’. Pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 
2014, the Company has formulated the 
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, which is 
uploaded on the website of the Company at 
S. No. Designation/ Nature of
Directorship 
Number of meetings of CSR
Committee held during the year
Number of meetings of CSR
Committee attended during the yearName of Director
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra$
(DIN:  06957894)
Mrs. Ekta Jain  
(DIN: 09409513
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta*  
(DIN: 03573328)
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli#
(DIN: 01976135)
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy    
The objective of CSR Policy is to provide an 
overall framework, principles and guidelines for 
undertaking CSR activities in line with Section 
135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the 
Rules made thereunder and other applicable 
laws and regulations, as amended from time to 
time.
2. Composition of the CSR Committee:
Independent Director 
and Chairman
Non - Executive 
Director and Member 
Independent Director 
and Member
Independent Director 
and Member
1
2
3
4
1
1
1
1
0
1
1
NA
# Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a 
member of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee w.e.f. 18th April, 2025, due to his sad 
demise.
* Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta was inducted as a 
Member of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee w.e.f. 5th May, 2025. 
$ Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be the chairman 
and member of Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee w.e.f. closure of business hours on 
30th June, 2026 consequent to her resignation 
f r o m  d i r e c t o r s h i p  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y . 
Subsequently, Mr. Shreemat Pandey (DIN: 
00411662), Independent director of the company 
was inducted as the chairman and member of 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee w.e.f. 
20th July, 2026.
3. Provide the web-link where composition of 
CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects 
approved by the Board are disclosed on the 
website of our Company:  
Composition of CSR Committee: 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/compositio
n-of-committees
CSR Policy: 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
CSR projects approved by the Board: 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
4. Provide the executive summary along with 
web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR 
Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule 
ANNEXURE - I
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES FOR THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-26
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended]
===== PAGE 63 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
121 122
S. No. Short particulars of the
property or asset(s)
[including complete
address and location
of the property]
Pin Code of
the property
or asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount of CSR
amount spent
Details of entity/Authority/beneﬁciary
of the registered owner
CSR
Registration
Number,
if applicable
Name Registered
address
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
Nill
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net proﬁt 
as per section 135(5): Not Applicable
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
                                               Ekta Jain    
Member - Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
    DIN: 09409513
Shreemat Pandey
Chairman - Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
DIN: 00411662
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
ANNEXURE - II
[Pursuant to section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 (3) of The Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014]
ENERGY CONSERVATION, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS 
AND OUTGO
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
Energy management is one of the key strategic 
areas in the Company's pursuit of sustainability 
in its operations. Energy consumption is not only 
the main source of emissions but also has a 
direct implication on the cost of operations. 
Some of the key measures taken by all the 
manufacturing units are stated below:
(i) Steps taken or impact on conservation 
of energy
(ii) Steps taken by the Company for 
utilising alternate sources of energy
Energy conservation is very important for the 
company and therefore energy conservation 
measures are undertaken wherever practicable in its 
plant and attached facilities. The company is making 
every effort to ensure the optimal use of energy, avoid 
waste and conserve energy by using energy efﬁciency 
equipment’s with latest technologies. Maintenance 
and repairs of all equipment and machinery are carried 
out timely to ensure optimum energy efﬁciency. Your 
Company strives to achieve energy efﬁciency through 
prioritisation of several initiatives aimed at reducing 
energy consumption across all our facilities buildings, 
and ofﬁces. Your Company is also using renewable 
energy sources to fulﬁl its energy needs. Use of solar 
energy for ofﬁce operations and some of the 
equipment. Installation of solar-powered street 
lighting.
Installation of a 450 kW rooftop solar power system.
(iii) Capital investment on energy 
conservation equipment’s
Nil
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION 
(i) Efforts made towards technology 
absorption
The Company continuous to use the latest 
technologies for improving the productivity and 
quality of its products and services. Our R&D and 
technical experts constantly visit international 
markets to identify and keep pace with the latest 
technological available.
(ii) Beneﬁts derived like product 
improvement, cost reduction, product 
development or import substitution
The Company has developed a culture of staying 
informed about the latest developments in related 
technology as well as constantly updating our 
equipment and processes. Such innovations have led 
us to be in the forefront amongst our competitors. 
Technology absorption efforts have not only allowed us 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 64 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
123 124
ANNEXURE - III
FORM AOC-2
[Pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 8(2) of the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with 
related parties referred to in Section 188(1) of the Act including certain arm's length transactions 
under the third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis:
Name of the related party 
Nature of relationship
Nature of the contracts/arrangements/transactions 
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transactions 
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions
including the value, if any
Justiﬁcation for entering into such contracts or arrangements
or transactions
Date of approval by the Board (DD/MM/YYYY)
Amount paid as advances, if any
Date on which the special resolution was passed in general
meeting as required under ﬁrst proviso to section 188
Not applicable
2.  Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm's length basis:
Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship
Nature of contracts /arrangements/ transactions
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/ transactions
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions,
including the value, if any:
Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any:
Amount paid as advances, if any: 
Not applicable
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, all related party transactions entered into by the Company were in 
the ordinary course of business and on an arm's length basis and were approved by the Audit 
Committee of the Company.
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
Manish Gupta
Chairman & Whole Time Director
    DIN: 02917023
Vikas Jain 
         Managing Director 
  DIN: 00812760
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING & OUTGO
There are foreign exchange earnings and outgo during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26: 
Particulars  
1. Foreign Exchange Earnings
2025-26 (in ₹) 2024-25 (in ₹)
2. Foreign Exchange Outgo 2,571.63
-
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
Manish Gupta
Chairman & Whole Time Director
    DIN: 02917023
Vikas Jain 
         Managing Director 
  DIN: 00812760
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
to develop new products but also improve our existing 
ones. 
Yes, with small changes in equipment and process 
plant capacity increase.
(iii) In case of imported technology 
(imported during the last three years 
reckoned from the beginning of the 
ﬁnancial year)
(a) the details of technology imported: 
(b) the year of import
(c) whether the technology been fully 
absorbed
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where 
absorption has not taken place, and the 
reasons thereof
Mono PERC Solar PV Module stringers two numbers.
FY 2024-25
Yes
Not applicable
(iv) Expenditure incurred on Research 
and Development
-
1,034.16
-
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 65 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
125 126
MGVJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MVS Green Infra Private 
Limited*
JRD Green Infra Private 
Limited*
ENS Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PED Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MGVJ Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
PED Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
MVS Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
JRD Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
ENS Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
MGPG Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
MPNG Green Infra 
Private Limited*
PRJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VNPG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
DGEJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
JEMP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
10.08.25
11.08.25
12.08.25
11.08.25
12.08.25
09.09.25
09.09.25
09.09.25
09.09.25
10.09.25
09.09.25
09.09.25
10.09.25
10.09.25
10.09.25
10.09.25
10.08.25 -
31.03.26
11.08.25 -
31.03.26
12.08.25 -
31.03.26
11.08.25 -
31.03.26
12.08.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
09.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
51.66
89.11
2.15
53.52
1.03
48.98
101.00
48.47
1.03
1.03
40.63
1.03
50.53
66.56
1.03
50.46
50.66
88.11
1.15
52.52
0.03
47.98
100.00
47.47
0.03
0.03
39.63
0.03
49.53
65.56
0.03
49.46
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
ANNEXURE - IV
FORM AOC-1
STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES OR ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
OR JOINT VENTURES
(Pursuant to ﬁrst proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Part A: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in (₹ Lakhs)
1. Number of subsidiaries: -
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
1. 01.04.25 -
31.03.26 INR 618.23 74,302.61 1,97,285.17 1,22,364.34 3,553.52 2,14,860.24 23,262.31 4,144.84 19,117.47 - 100%
Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Three 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Four 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Five 
Private Limited
MGPG Green Infra 
Private Limited*
VJMG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
28.08.21
18.07.24
01.01.25
27.02.25
21.04.25
23.07.25
10.08.25
18.08.25
08.08.25
01.04.25-
31.03.26
01.04.25 -
31.03.26
01.04.25 -
31.03.26
21.04.25 -
31.03.26
23.07.25 -
31.03.26
10.08.25 -
31.03.26
18.08.25 -
31.03.26
08.08.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
200
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
285.75
96.40
(45.27)
(0.72)
(0.24)
(0.35)
-
-
12,575.53
2,481.88
718.87
2.46
0.78
0.70
141.26
45.23
12,089.78
2,384.48
763.14
2.18
0.03
0.05
140.26
44.23
46.55
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
5,330.21
1,362.61
-
-
-
-
-
-
390.70
132.14
(44.59)
(0.72)
(0.24)
(0.35)
-
-
97.26
33.40
-
-
-
-
-
-
293.44
98.75
(44.59)
(0.72)
(0.24)
(0.35)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
80%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 66 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
127 128
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
PRMJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
NVJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PGNJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
SRGE Green Infra Private 
Limited*
DJRG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
HEPJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
RDPJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VJPG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
EGJM Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VEMJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GNPR Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PJGN Green Infra Private 
Limited*
DVJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GDRV Green Infra 
Private Limited*
GNJM Green Infra 
Private Limited*
GVHJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
42.
43.
44.
45.
46.
47.
48.
49.
50.
51.
52.
53.
54.
55.
56.
57.
16.09.25
17.09.25
17.09.25
17.09.25
17.09.25
18.09.25
18.09.25
20.09.25
19.09.25
19.09.25
24.09.25
24.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
16.09.25 -
31.03.26
17.09.25 -
31.03.26
17.09.25 -
31.03.26
17.09.25 -
31.03.26
17.09.25 -
31.03.26
18.09.25 -
31.03.26
18.09.25 -
31.03.26
20.09.25 -
31.03.26
19.09.25 -
31.03.26
19.09.25 -
31.03.26
24.09.25 -
31.03.26
24.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
152.89
79.86
108.38
1.03
128.09
9.37
41.70
1.03
63.64
35.08
188.56
1.03
1.03
84.90
1.03
61.52
151.89
78.86
107.38
0.03
127.09
8.37
40.70
0.03
62.64
34.08
187.56
0.03
0.03
83.90
0.03
60.52
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
NEPG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
EVNJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
DMGN Green Infra 
Private Limited*
NSJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
SRJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MPGE Green Infra 
Private Limited*
HVJN Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GRJP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VJMG Green Infra One 
Private Limited*
DEGP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
EGPN Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MJEV Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PHDJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
NRJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GNVP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MGPE Green Infra 
Private Limited*
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
10.09.25
10.09.25
10.09.25
10.09.25
11.09.25
11.09.25
11.09.25
11.09.25
14.09.25
15.09.25
15.09.25
15.09.25
15.09.25
16.09.25
16.09.25
16.09.25
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
10.09.25 -
31.03.26
11.09.25 -
31.03.26
11.09.25 -
31.03.26
11.09.25 -
31.03.26
11.09.25 -
31.03.26
14.09.25 -
31.03.26
15.09.25 -
31.03.26
15.09.25 -
31.03.26
15.09.25 -
31.03.26
15.09.25 -
31.03.26
16.09.25 -
31.03.26
16.09.25 -
31.03.26
16.09.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
106.48
32.47
27.08
34.20
1.03
1.03
1.03
52.08
1.03
4.35
38.86
49.65
1.03
56.05
54.46
48.25
105.48
31.47
26.08
33.20
0.03
0.03
0.03
51.08
0.03
3.35
37.86
48.65
0.03
55.05
53.46
47.25
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 67 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
129 130
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
DJEM Green Infra Private 
Limited*
NRGE Green Infra Private 
Limited*
HVGM Green Infra 
Private Limited*
EGJP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GNHR Green Infra 
Private Limited*
PEMJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VJNR Green Infra Private 
Limited*
JRGM Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MGJN Green Infra 
Private Limited*
JHVG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PRGE Green Infra Private 
Limited*
74.
75.
76.
77.
78.
79.
80.
81.
82.
83.
84.
14.10.25
14.10.25
15.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
16.10.25
22.10.25
14.10.25 -
31.03.26
14.10.25 -
31.03.26
15.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
16.10.25 -
31.03.26
22.10.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1.03
1.03
1.03
1.03
55.50
45.91
84.89
111.05
133.48
37.10
1.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
54.50
44.91
83.89
110.05
132.48
36.10
0.03
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
- - - - - - -
2. Number of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations:- The Companies are Yet to commence their business operations.
3. Number of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary during the year:- Nil
Part "B": Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
1.  Number of Associate / Joint Venture: -
S.
N.
Name of the
subsidiary
Date
since
when
subsidiary
was
acquired
Reporting
period
for the
subsidiary
concerned,
if
different
from the
holding
company's
reporting
period
Reporting
currency
and
Exchange
rate as on
the last
date of the
relevant
ﬁnancial
year in the
case of
foreign
subsidiaries
Share
Capital
Reserves
& surplus
Total
asset
Total
Liabilities Investments Turnover
Proﬁt/
Loss
before
taxation
Provision
for 
taxation
Proﬁt / 
Loss 
after
taxation
Proposed
dividend
% of
share-
holding
HPJG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PDJN Green Infra Private 
Limited*
EGHR Green Infra Private 
Limited*
JENP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
VJEG Green Infra Private 
Limited*
NGRJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MGJR Green Infra Private 
Limited*
EGRJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GJPN Green Infra Private 
Limited*
HGJP Green Infra Private 
Limited*
JGVR Green Infra Private 
Limited*
PDGN Green Infra 
Private Limited*
RJGM Green Infra Private 
Limited*
GRMJ Green Infra Private 
Limited*
MGNJ Green Infra 
Private Limited*
GRHE Green Infra Private 
Limited*
58.
59.
60.
61.
62.
63.
64.
65.
66.
67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
73.
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
30.09.25
03.10.25
03.10.25
03.10.25
03.10.25
03.10.25
07.10.25
07.10.25
08.10.25
09.10.25
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
30.09.25 -
31.03.26
03.10.25 -
31.03.26
03.10.25 -
31.03.26
03.10.25 -
31.03.26
03.10.25 -
31.03.26
03.10.25 -
31.03.26
07.10.25 -
31.03.26
07.10.25 -
31.03.26
08.10.25 -
31.03.26
09.10.25 -
31.03.26
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
INR
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1.03
1.03
74.78
57.95
1.03
89.97
1.03
42.86
96.83
155.86
41.51
105.16
62.33
87.75
1.03
1.03
0.03
0.03
73.78
56.95
0.03
88.97
0.03
41.86
95.83
154.86
40.51
104.16
61.33
86.75
0.03
0.03
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 68 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
131 132
Form No.: MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
st
For the Financial Year ended on 31  March, 2026
{Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014}
ANNEXURE - V
To 
The Members,
Insolation Energy Limited
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension,
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 
302029
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the 
compliance of applicable statutory provisions 
and the adherence to good corporate practices 
followed by Insolation Energy Limited 
(hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial 
Audit was conducted in a manner that provided 
us a reasonable basis for evaluating the 
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on my veriﬁcation of Insolation Energy 
Limited`s books, papers, minute books, forms 
and returns ﬁled and other records maintained 
by the Company and also the information 
provided by the Company, its ofﬁcers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that 
in my opinion, the Company has, during the 
audit period covering the ﬁnancial year ended 
on 31st March, 2026 (‘Audit Period’) complied 
with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance mechanism in place 
to the extent, in the manner and subject to the 
reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns ﬁled and other records 
maintained by the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year ended on 31st March, 2026 (“period under 
review”) according to the provisions of:
I. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the 
rules made thereunder;
II. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, 
circulars, guidelines issued thereunder; 
III. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 
1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
IV. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the 
R e g u l a t i o n s  a n d  B y e - l a w s  f r a m e d 
thereunder; 
V. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 
and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and 
External Commercial Borrowings;
VI. The following Regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI  
Act’):-
a. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
b. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
c. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
( P r o h i b i t i o n  o f  I n s i d e r  T r a d i n g ) 
Regulations, 2015;
d. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
( D e p o s i t o r i e s  a n d  P a r t i c i p a n t s ) 
Regulations, 2018;
e. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client;
f. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
( P r o h i b i t i o n  o f  I n s i d e r  T r a d i n g ) 
Regulations, 2015; and circulars/ guidelines 
issued thereunder;  
g. Securities and Exchange Board of India 
( I s s u e  o f  C a p i t a l  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018; 
S.
No. Particulars
1. Name of Associate/Joint 
Venture
MGVI Green Infra Private 
Limited
Details
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One 
Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two 
Private Limited
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten 
Private Limited
GCPL Solar Two Private 
Limited
2. Latest audited Balance Sheet 
Date
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2026
3.
Date on which the Associate 
or Joint Venture was 
associated or acquired
th
29  October, 2024
th
18  February, 2025
th
18  February, 2025
th
20  June, 2025
th
26  May, 2025
4. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end
A
Number 4,900 equity shares are held 
by Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
4,900 equity shares are held 
by Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
4,900 equity shares are held 
by Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
4,900 equity shares are held 
by Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
4,900 equity shares are held 
by Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
B Amount of Investment in 
Associates/Joint Venture 49,000 49,000 49,000 49,000 49,000
C Extent of Holding % 49% 49% 49% 49% 49%
5.
Description of how there is 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
There is a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence due to percentage 
(%) of Shareholding held by 
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
6. Reason why the associate/joint 
venture is not consolidated NA NA NA NA NA
There is a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence due to percentage 
(%) of Shareholding held by 
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
There is a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence due to percentage 
(%) of Shareholding held by 
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
There is a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence due to percentage 
(%) of Shareholding held by 
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
There is a signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence due to percentage 
(%) of Shareholding held by 
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited, a subsidiary 
of the Company.
7.
Net worth attributable to 
Shareholding as per latest 
audited Balance Sheet (₹ Lakhs)
2.36 (42.83) (32.12) 99.74 3.68
8. Proﬁt/Loss for the year (₹ Lakhs) 2.09 (43.83) (33.12) 8.93 2.89
A Considered in Consolidation YES YES YES YES YES
B Not Considered in Consolidation - - - - -
2. Number of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations:- Nil
 Nil3. Number of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or have ceased to be associate or joint venture during the year:-
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
Manish Gupta
Chairman & Whole Time Director
    DIN: 02917023
Vikas Jain 
         Managing Director 
  DIN: 00812760
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 69 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
133 134
To 
The Members,
Insolation Energy Limited
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension,
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 
302029
The above report of even date is to be read along 
with this letter:
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the 
responsibility of the management of the 
Company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on 
the audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and 
processes as were appropriate to obtain 
reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the secretarial records. The 
veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure 
that correct facts are reﬂected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and 
practices, we followed provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinion.
3. I have not veriﬁed the correctness and 
appropriateness of ﬁnancial records and 
books of accounts of the Company. We      
have relied on the representation made by 
the Company, its Ofﬁcers and Reports of      
the Statutory Auditor for systems and 
mechanism framed by the Company for 
compliances under other Acts, Laws and 
Regulations applicable to the Company.
4. Wherever required, I have obtained the 
management representation about the 
compliance of laws, rules, and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate 
and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
s t a n d a r d s  i s  t h e  r e s p o n s i b i l i t y  o f 
management. Our examination was limited 
to the veriﬁcation of procedures on test basis.
6. Due to the inherent limitations of an audit 
including internal, ﬁnancial and operational 
controls, there is an unavoidable risk that 
some misstatements or material non-
compliances may not be detected, even 
though the audit is properly planned and 
performed in accordance with the audit 
process.
7. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an 
assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company nor of the efﬁcacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted 
the affairs of the Company.
UDIN: F011506H001068848
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
For Bhawika Ramnani & Co.
Practicing Company Secretary
Firm’s U.C.N. S2023RJ949100
Firm’s PR Certiﬁcate No. 4803/2023
Bhawika Ramnani
Properitor
M. No. FCS 11506
C.P. No.: 17473
h. Securities and Exchange Board of 
India(Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
(Note: The aforesaid list of SEBI Regulations is 
only the list of regulations which were 
applicable to the listed entity for the period 
under review)
I further report that, on the basis of information 
p r o v i d e d  b y  t h e  C o m p a n y  n o  o t h e r 
sector/industry speciﬁc law is applicable to the 
Company:
I have also examined compliance with the 
applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards on Board and General 
Meetings (SS-1 & SS-2) issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited.
During the period under review the Company 
has complied with the provisions of the Acts, 
Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. as 
mentioned above.
I further report that, during the year under 
review:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and 
Independent Directors as per the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The changes, if any, in the 
composition of the Board of Directors that took 
place during the period under review were 
carried out in compliance with the provisions of 
the Act.
Adequate notices were given to all Directors to 
schedule the Board Meetings in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act. Agenda and 
detailed notes on agenda were sent in advance 
except in cases where meetings were convened 
at a shorter notice. The Company has followed 
the provisions of the Act for convening meeting 
at the shorter notice. A system exists for seeking 
and obtaining further information and 
clariﬁcations on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the 
meeting.
Majority decision were carried through and 
there was no instance of any director expressing 
any dissenting views as recorded in the minutes 
of the meetings of Board of Directors of the 
Company or committee of the Board, as the case 
may be.
I further report that there are adequate 
systems and processes in the company 
commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines.
I further report that during the audit period 
there were no speciﬁc events /actions having a 
major bearing on the Company’s affairs in 
pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, 
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
UDIN: F011506H001068848
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
For Bhawika Ramnani & Co.
Practicing Company Secretary
Firm’s U.C.N. S2023RJ949100
Firm’s PR Certiﬁcate No. 4803/2023
Bhawika Ramnani
Properitor
M. No. FCS 11506
C.P. No.: 17473
(This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A which forms
an integral part of this report.)
Annexure - A
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 70 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
135 136
ANNEXURE - VI
DETAILS OF ESOP FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 
2025-26 AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF 
REGULATION 14 READ WITH PART F OF 
SCHEDULE I OF THE SEBI (SHARE BASED 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND SWEAT EQUITY) 
R E G U L A T I O N S ,  2 0 2 1  ( “ S E B I  S B E B 
REGULATIONS”) AND SECTION 62(1)(B) OF  
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 
12(9) OF THE COMPANIES (SHARE CAPITAL 
AND DEBENTURES) RULES, 2014
I. Disclosures as per regulation 14 read with Part 
F of Schedule – I of the SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021
Any material change in the scheme(s) and 
whether the scheme(s) is / are in compliance 
with the regulations:-  
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, there were no 
c h a n g e s  to  t h e  E S O P  P l a n .  H owe ve r , 
subsequent to the close of the ﬁnancial year, the 
ESOP Plan was amended pursuant to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
through postal ballot on 03rd July, 2026. The 
amendments are not material in nature, and the 
Plan continues to be in compliance with the 
SEBI (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.
A. Relevant disclosures in terms of the 
Accounting Standards prescribed by the 
Central Government in terms of section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013) 
including the 'Guidance note on accounting 
for employee share - based payments’ issued 
in that regard from time to time: -
The relevant disclosures have been provided 
in Note No. 43 [Share based payments 
(ESOP)] of Notes to Accounts to Standalone 
ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year 
ended 31st March, 2026, included in the 
Annual Report (Disclosures are provided in 
accordance with Ind AS 102, Share based 
payment).
B. Diluted Earnings Per Share (‘EPS’) on issue of 
shares pursuant to all the schemes covered 
under the regulations shall be disclosed in 
accordance with 'Accounting Standard 20 -
Earnings Per Share' issued by Central 
G ove r n m e n t  o r  a n y  o t h e r  re l e va n t 
accounting standards as issued from time to 
time: - 
Diluted EPS for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st 
March, 2026, is disclosed in Note No. 34 
(Earning per Share) of Notes to Accounts of 
Standalone ﬁnancial statements for the 
ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2026, 
included in the Annual Report. Diluted 
earnings per share have been computed 
using weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the year.
C. Details Related to Insolation Energy 
Employee Stock Option Plan 2024 ('ESOP 
2024'/'Plan')
Particulars  S.N. Details of Insolation Energy Employee Stock Options Plan 2024
A Details related to the ESOP Plan:
A description of the Plan that existed at any time during the year, including the general and conditions of each
ESOP, including –
(i)
(a) Date of shareholders' approval The ESOP 2024 was originally approved by the members of the Company on 
04th March, 2024. Subsequently, on 17th June 2024, the scope of the ESOP 
2024 was expanded to extend its beneﬁts to the permanent employees of the 
Company's subsidiary, associate, group, and holding company(ies), if any, of 
the Company. However, after the close of the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the ESOP 
Plan was amended with the approval of members of the company through 
postal ballot on 03rd July, 2026.
(b) Total number of options approved 
under ‘ESOP 2024’
The Insolation Energy Employee Stock Option Plan 2024 was established for 
the grant of upto 2,00,000 (Two Lakh) Options. Pursuant to the sub-
division/split of Company equity shares, and in accordance with Clause 3.5 of 
the Plan, the originally sanctioned 2,00,000 options have been adjusted to 
20,00,000 (Twenty Lakh) options.
(c) Vesting requirements The vesting period of options granted under ESOP 2024 shall commence 
from the Grant date and shall be minimum of 1 (One) year from the Grant 
date, and it may extend up to maximum of 5 (Five) years from the Grant date, 
at the discretion of and in the manner prescribed by the Committee. The 
Vesting Schedule, Vesting Percentage and Other Vesting Conditions shall be 
communicated by the Committee to the Grantees in the Grant Letter of 
respective Grantees, subject to minimum and maximum Vesting Period as 
mentioned above. Vesting of Options can vary from Grantee to Grantee as per 
the discretion of the Committee whose decision shall be ﬁnal and binding.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee may, at its discretion, lay 
down certain performance metrics for each round of grant, on the 
achievement of which the granted options would vest, the detailed terms 
and conditions relating to such performance-based vesting and the 
proportion in which options granted would vest. The proportion in which the 
Options shall vest and the vesting period shall be determined by the by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to the minimum vesting 
period permitted under the regulations, as amended from time to time.
(d) Exercise price or pricing formula Exercise price shall be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. However, the exercise price per option shall not be less than the 
face value per share.
(e) Maximum term of options granted The maximum Vesting Period shall be 5 (Five) years from the date of grant.
(f) Source of shares (primary, secondary or 
combination)
Primary
(g) Source of shares (primary No variation, modiﬁcation, amendment was made to the term of options 
during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26.
(ii) Method used to account for ESOP Fair value method
(iii) Where the company opts for expensing 
of the options using the intrinsic value of 
the options, the difference between the 
employee compensation cost so 
c o m p u t e d  a n d  t h e  e m p l o y e e 
compensation cost that shall have been 
recognized if it had used the fair value of 
the options shall be disclosed. The 
impact of this difference on proﬁts and 
on EPS of the company shall also be 
disclosed.
Not applicable
(iv) Option movement during the year: (For each ESOP)
(a) Number of options outstanding at the 
beginning of the period
3,16,500
(b) Number of options granted during the 
year
33,000
(c) Number of options forfeited/ lapsed 
during the year
1,03,750
(d) Number of options vested during the 
year
97,625
(e) Number of options exercised during the 
year 
51,625
(f) Number of shares arising as a result of 
exercise of options
51,625
(g) Money realised by exercise of options (₹), 
if scheme is implemented directly by the 
Company
₹ 1,96,175
(h) Loan repaid by the Trust during the year 
from exercise price received 
Not applicable
(i) Number of options outstanding at the 
end of the year
1,94,125
(j) Number of options exercisable at the 
end of the year
46,000
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 71 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
137 138
D.  Details related to ESPS: Not applicable
E.  Details related to SAR: Not applicable
F.  Details related to GEBS / RBS: Not applicable
G.  Details related to Trust: Not applicable
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
                                               Manish Gupta    
Chairman & Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
Vikas Jain
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
(v) Weighted-average exercise prices and 
weighted average fair values of options 
shall be disclosed separately for options 
whose exercise price either equals or 
exceeds or is less than the market price 
of the stock.
Date of Grant: 26th May, 2025
Weighted average Exercise Price: ₹ 3.8 
Weighted average fair value: ₹ 78.56
Date of Grant: 14th  August, 2025
Weighted average Exercise Price: ₹ 3.8 
Weighted average fair value: ₹ 78.59
(a) Senior managerial personnel as deﬁned 
under Regulation 16(d) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015
Not applicable
Employee wise details (name of employee, designation, number of options granted during the year, exercise price) of
options granted during Financial Year 2025-26 to:
(vi)
DesignationName of the 
Senior Managerial 
Personnel
Number of 
Options granted 
during the year
Exercise Price of 
Options granted 
(₹)
Any other employee who receives a 
grant in any one year of option 
amounting to 5% or more of option 
granted during that year
(b)
Assistant General 
Manager
Mr. Shubham 
Pundir
10,000 3.8
Senior General 
Manager
Mr. Prakash V 10,000 3.8
Assistant General 
Manager 
Mr. Prashant 
Ranwa
5,000 3.8
Senior General 
Manager 
Mr. Shivinder 
Singh Buttar
5,000 3.8
ManagerMr. Rajendra 
Kumawat
3,000 3.8
(c) Identiﬁed employees who were granted 
option, during any one year, equal to or 
exceeding 1% of the issued capital 
(excluding outstanding warrants and 
conversions) of the Company at the time 
of grant
Not applicable
Description of the method and signiﬁcant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of options
including the following information:
(vii)
(a) the weighted-average values of share 
price, exercise price, expected volatility, 
e x p e c t e d  o p t i o n  l i f e ,  e x p e c t e d 
dividends, the risk-free interest rate and 
any other inputs to the model;
Disclosed in Notes to Accounts – Note 43 [Share based payments (ESOP)] to 
Standalone ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 
2026, included in the Annual Report.
(b) The method used and the assumptions 
made to incorporate the effects of 
expected early exercise
Not applicable
(c) How expected volatility was determined, 
including an explanation of the extent to 
which expected volatility was based on 
historical volatility
For the purpose of calculation of annual volatility, we have considered daily 
volatility of the Websol Energy System Limited and KPI Green Energy Ltd 
(Listed Peers) along with India Volatility Index (India Vix) and taken an average 
of these volatilities assuming 250 trading days in a year. It is calculated on 
basis of the period which commensurate with the remaining time to maturity 
of the option.
(d) Whether and how any other features of 
the options granted were incorporated 
into the measurement of fair value, such 
as a market condition.
The fair value of options has been calculated by using Black- Scholes Method. 
The assumptions used in the above are:
(i) Expected volatility
(ii) Dividend Yield
(iii) Risk free Interest rates
(iv) Withdrawal Rate
(viii) Disclosures in respect of grants made in 
three years prior to IPO under each 
ESOP
Not applicable
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 72 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
139 140
current year reﬂects the market practice. The 
increase in managerial remuneration aligns 
w i t h  t h e  r e c o m m e n d a t i o n s  o f  t h e 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and has been duly approved by the Board.
(v) Afﬁrmation that the remuneration is as per 
the Remuneration Policy of the Company: It is 
hereby afﬁrmed that the remuneration paid 
to the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, 
and Senior Management Personnel is in 
compliance with the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy of the Company.
NOTE:
Ÿ The Non-Executive Directors of the Company 
are entitled to sitting fee within the limits 
approved by the Board. Hence, their 
remuneration includes sitting fees only
Ÿ The median was calculated on the CTC Basis.
Ÿ The median remuneration of employees of 
the Company during the ﬁnancial year (2025-
26) was ₹2,64,000
Ÿ Key parameters for the variable component of 
Remuneration availed by the Directors: There 
is no variable component of remuneration 
avail by the Directors.
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
                                               Manish Gupta    
Chairman & Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
Vikas Jain
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
ANNEXURE - VII
Details pertaining to remuneration as required under section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014
(i) Ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the 
Company for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the percentage increase in remuneration of each director, 
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, during the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26
S.N. Name of the Director/
Key Managerial Personnel Designation
Ratio of remuneration
of each director to
median remuneration
of employees
Percentage Increase/
Decrease in
remuneration in the
ﬁnancial year 2025-26
Mr. Manish Gupta 
(DIN: 02917023)1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Chairman and Whole-time Director
Managing Director
Non-Executive Director
Non-Executive Director
Non-Executive Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Company Secretary
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
5,68,181.82
5,68,181.82
66,287.88
85,227.27
1,13,636.36
1,23,106.06
1,42,045.45
47,348.48
37,878.79
18,939.39
Not applicable
Mr. Vikas Jain 
(DIN: 00812760)
Mrs. Payal Gupta 
(DIN: 09353350)
Mrs. Ekta Jain 
(DIN: 09409513)
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
(DIN: 03466588)
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra 
(DIN:  06957894)
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
(DIN: 03573328)
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra*
(DIN: 08321265)
Mr. Rajiv Jain* 
(DIN: 11247215)
Mr. Shreemat Pandey*
(DIN: 00411662)
#
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli
(DIN: 01976135)
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Mr. Ravi Dusad
th
# Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a member of the Board of Directors of the company w.e.f. 18  April, 2025 due to his sad 
demise.
*  Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra, Mr. Rajiv Jain and Mr. Shreemat Pandey has been appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director 
w.e.f. 14th July, 2025, 10th October, 2025 and 05th February, 2026 respectively through postal ballot.
(ii) The percentage increase in the median 
remuneration of the employees for the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 was 24.39%.
(iii) The Company has 42 permanent employees 
st
on the rolls of Company as on 31  March, 2026.
(iv) Average percentile increase already made in 
the salaries of employees other than the 
managerial personnel in the ﬁnancial year 
2025-26 was 2.41% whereas increase in the 
managerial remuneration for the same 
ﬁnancial year is -75%. The annual increase in 
remuneration is determined considering 
Company’s market competitiveness as 
against its peer group companies along with 
its overall ﬁnancial performance. in line with 
the company’s reward philosophy and 
benchmarking results, the increase for the 
12
13
-54.55%
-54.55%
-69.57%
-50.00%
-45.45%
-48.00%
-44.44%
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
25.00%
-
Key Managerial Personnel (Other than Chairman and Managing Director)
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 73 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
INA’S Philosophy on Corporate Governance
In INA, Corporate Governance philosophy stems 
from the objective of enhancing long term 
stakeholder value without compromising on 
ethical standards and corporate social 
responsibilities. The Company continues to lay 
great emphasis on the principles of Corporate 
Governance. Our pursuit towards achieving 
good governance is an on-going process. As a 
leader in solar panel manufacturing, we 
integrate sustainability with transparency, 
ensuring that our green energy mission is 
backed by ethical governance.
Your Company’s philosophy on Corporate 
Governance oversees business strategies and 
ensures ﬁscal accountability, ethical corporate 
behavior and fairness to all stakeholders 
comprising regulators, employees, customers, 
vendors, investors, and the society at large. 
Strong leadership and effective corporate 
governance practice have been the Company’s 
hallmark inherited from the INA’s culture and 
ethos.
For your Company, good Corporate Governance 
is a synonym for sound management, 
transparency and adequate disclosure, 
encompassing good corporate practices, 
procedures, standards and implicit rules which 
propel a company to take sound decisions. 
Corporate Governance requires a clear 
understanding of the respective roles of the 
Board of Directors (“Board”) and of senior 
management and their relationships with 
others in the corporate structure. As a Company 
with a strong sense of values and commitment, 
INA believes that proﬁtability must go hand in 
hand with a sense of responsibility towards all 
stakeholders. The Company has a strong legacy 
of fair, transparent, and ethical governance 
practices. The Company’s corporate governance 
philosophy has been further strengthened 
through the INA Business Excellence Model.
Your Company is committed to best Corporate 
Governance and has fully complied with the 
requirements of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘Listing Regulations’). The Company in its 
e n d eavo r  towa rd s  t h e  b e s t  Co rp o ra te 
Governance and to provide transparency 
initiated various measures.
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of the Company comprises of 
optimum combination of Executive and Non-
Executive Directors as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“The Act”) and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) to 
maintain the independence of the Board and 
a l s o  t o  m a i n t a i n  a n  o p t i m a l  m i x  o f 
professionalism, knowledge and experience to 
enable it to discharge its responsibilities. As on 
31st March, 2026, the Board consists of Ten (10) 
Directors, Two (2) of whom are Executive 
Directors, Three (3) Non-Executive Directors and 
Five (5) Independent Directors including one 
Women Independent Director. The members of 
the Board are from diverse background having 
expertise in the ﬁelds of management, 
economics, strategic planning, energy 
efﬁciency and Business operations which 
supports effective oversight and decision 
making. None of the Non-Executive Director(s) 
of the Company have any pecuniary relationship 
or transaction with the Company, other than 
sitting fees, if any.
The Board is responsible for and committed to 
sound principles of Corporate Governance in the 
C o m p a n y.  T h e  B o a r d ,  a l o n g  w i t h  i t s 
Committees, provides leadership & guidance to 
the management, directs and supervises the 
performance of the Company, thereby, 
enhancing stakeholders’ value. The Board has a 
ﬁduciary relationship in ensuring that the rights 
of all stakeholders are protected. The Board also 
plays a crucial role in overseeing how the 
management serves the short and long term 
interests of stakeholders. This belief is reﬂected 
in our governance practices, under which we 
strive to maintain an effective, informed and 
Independent Board. For Directors’ Proﬁle, 
please refer the ‘‘Board of Directors’’ section in 
the Annual Report.
(Annual Report 2025-26)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
141 142
Mr. Manish Gupta 
(DIN: 02917023)
1.
Promoter
Spouse of 
Mrs. Payal 
Gupta (DIN: 
09353350)
7,28,69,800
(33.06%)
Yes 5 15 - - -
S.
N.
Name of the
Directors
Category of
Directors
Inter-se
Relationship
amongst
Directors
No. of Equity
shares held
in the
Company
as at
st
31  March,
2026
Attendance
at Annual
General
Meeting
(AGM) held
on
th
29  Sept.,
2025
No. of Board
meetings
attended
during
2025-26
Directorship
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026
Directorship
in other listed
entity &
Category of
Directorship
as at
st
31  March, 2026
Committee
Memberships
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026^
Chairperson
of
Committees
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026^
$
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra
(DIN:  06957894)
6. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - Yes 5 - - - -
Executive 
Director : 
Chairman & 
Whole Time 
Director
Mr. Vikas Jain 
(DIN: 00812760)
2. Spouse of 
Mrs. Ekta Jain 
(DIN: 
09409513)
7,25,24,800
(32.91%)
Yes 6 15 - - -Executive 
Director : 
Managing 
Director
Mrs. Payal Gupta 
(DIN: 09353350)
3. Spouse of Mr. 
Manish Gupta 
(DIN: 
02917023)
6,600 
(0.003%)
Yes 4 9 - - -Non-Executive 
Director
Mrs. Ekta Jain 
(DIN: 09409513)
4. Spouse of
Mr. Vikas Jain 
(DIN: 
00812760)
7,600
(0.003%)
Yes 6 9 - - -Non-Executive 
Director
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
(DIN: 03466588)
5. Non Independent Director
(Non-Executive)
- 55,000
(0.024%)
Yes 6 5 1. RMC 
Switchgear 
Limited - Non-
Executive - Non 
Independent 
Director.
2. GP Eco 
Solutions India 
Limited - Non-
Executive - Non 
Independent 
Director.
- 1. RAYS Power 
Infra Limited 
– 
Stakeholder’s 
Relationship 
Committee
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta 
(DIN: 03573328)
7. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - Yes 5 - - - -
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra*
(DIN: 08321265)
8. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - Yes 4 2 - - -
Mr. Rajiv Jain*
(DIN: 11247215)
9. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - NA 2 1 - - -
CATEGORY AND ATTENDANCE OF DIRECTORS
===== PAGE 74 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
143 144
S.
N.
Name of the
Directors
Category of
Directors
Inter-se
Relationship
amongst
Directors
No. of Equity
shares held
in the
Company
as at
st
31  March,
2026
Attendance
at Annual
General
Meeting
(AGM) held
on
th
29  Sept.,
2025
No. of Board
meetings
attended
during
2025-26
Directorship
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026
Directorship
in other listed
entity &
Category of
Directorship
as at
st
31  March, 2026
Committee
Memberships
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026^
Chairperson
of
Committees
in other
Companies
as at
st
31  March,
2026^
Mr. Shreemat Pandey*
(DIN: 00411662)
10. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - NA 1 1 - - -
#
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli
(DIN: 01976135)
11. Independent Director
(Non-executive)
- - NA - - - - -
$  Subsequent to the closure of ﬁnancial year, Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be a member of the Board of Directors of the company w.e.f. close of 
Business hours on 30th June, 2026.
*   Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra, Mr. Rajiv Jain and Mr. Shreemat Pandey were appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Directors w.e.f. 14th July, 2025, 
10th October, 2025 and 05th February, 2026 respectively through postal ballot process.
#  Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a member of the Board of Directors of the company w.e.f. 18th April, 2025 due to his sad demise.
^  For membership and chairmanship in Committees, includes Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee only for all public 
limited companies whether listed or not.
Notes-
1. The Directorships held by Directors as mentioned above, do not include directorships in foreign Companies.
2. None of the Directors holds directorships in more than twenty Indian companies with more than ten public limited companies in compliance 
with Section 165 of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. In compliance with Regulation 17A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, None of the Directors on the Board holds directorship in more than seven 
listed entities. It is important to note that the Managing Director/WTD does not serve as an Independent Director in any other listed company. 
4.None of the Director on the Board is a member of more than ten Committees or a Chairperson of more than ﬁve Committees (Audit 
Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee) across all public limited companies in which he / she is a director. All directors 
have made the necessary disclosures regarding their committee positions.
5. The Company has not issued any convertible instruments to any of the Non-Executive Directors, during the year under review.
Skills/Expertise/Competence of the Board of 
Directors
The Board is satisﬁed that the current 
composition reﬂects an appropriate mix of 
knowledge, skills, experience, diversity and 
independence. The Board provides leadership, 
s t r a te g i c  g u i d a n c e ,  o b j e c t i ve  a n d  a n 
i n d e p e n d e n t  v i e w  t o  t h e  C o m p a n y ’ s 
management while discharging its ﬁduciary 
responsibilities, thereby ensuring that the 
management adheres to high standards of 
ethics, transparency and disclosure. The Board 
periodically evaluates the need for change in its 
composition and size. The Company requires 
skills/expertise/competencies in the areas of 
strategy, ﬁnance, leadership, technology, 
governance, mergers and acquisitions, human 
resources, etc. to efﬁciently carry on its core 
businesses. The Board comprises qualiﬁed 
members who bring the required skill, 
competence and expertise that allow them to 
make effective contribution to the Board.
Core skills/expertise/competence required by 
the Board (as identiﬁed by the Board) for 
efﬁcient functioning of the Company in the 
present business environment and those 
skills/expertise/competence actually available 
with the Board are as follows:-
S.N. Skills/Expertise/Competence required by the Board of Directors Status of availability
with the Board
Understanding of
Business/Industry
1 Experience and knowledge of business related issues in general 
and those of manufacturing in particular ü
Strategy and strategic
planning
2 Ability to think strategically, identify and assess strategic 
opportunities & threats and contribute towards developing 
effective strategies in the context of the strategic objectives of 
Company’s policies & priorities
ü
Market Understanding3 Understanding of the Renewal Energy Market dynamics ü
Risk and compliance
Oversight
4 Ability to analyse and understand the key ﬁnancial statements, 
assess ﬁnancial viability of the projects & efﬁcient use of 
resources
ü
Financial Understanding5 Ability to identify key risks to the organisation in a wide range of 
areas including legal and regulatory compliances and monitor 
risk & compliance management frameworks
ü
Technology & Innovations6 Experience or knowledge of emerging areas of technology such 
as digital, artiﬁcial intelligence, cyber security, data centre, data 
security etc.
ü
The skill mapping at the individual director level for the Financial Year 2025-26 is as follows:-
S.
N. Name of the Director
Mr. Manish Gupta
(DIN: 02917023)1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Mr. Vikas Jain 
(DIN: 00812760)
Mrs. Payal Gupta 
(DIN: 09353350)
Mrs. Ekta Jain 
(DIN: 09409513)
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
(DIN: 03466588)
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra 
(DIN:  06957894)
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
(DIN: 03573328)
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra
(DIN: 08321265)
Area of skills/expertise/competence
Understanding
of Business/
Industry
Strategy
and strategic
planning
Market
Understanding
Risk and
compliance
Oversight
Financial
Understanding
Technology
&
Innovations
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 75 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
145 146
Company on behalf of the shareholders. 
Therefore, it is necessary to ensure complete 
transparency and foresightedness in the 
decision making process. The Board takes 
decision based on detailed discussions and 
deliberations. The members of the Board have 
c o m p l e te  i n d e p e n d e n c e  to  r a i s e  a n y 
issue/matter for discussion. Meetings of the 
Board are governed by a structured agenda. 
Agenda of meeting is circulated to the Board 
Members well in advance. All major agenda 
i t e m s  a r e  b a c k e d  b y  c o m p r e h e n s i v e 
background information to enable the Board to 
take informed decisions. To supplement this, it is 
ensured that Board Members are presented 
with all the relevant information, in addition to 
the agenda of the meeting, for review on vital 
matters affecting the working of the Company 
including the minimum information to be 
placed before the Board as inter alia speciﬁed 
u n d e r  R e g u l a t i o n  1 7 ( 7 )  o f  t h e  L i s t i n g 
Regulations.
Separate Meeting of Independent Directors
During the year under review and pursuant to 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Rules made thereunder and Regulation 25(3) of 
the Listing Regulations, the Independent 
Directors of the Board met, without the 
presence of any Non-Independent Director 
and/or Management Representative, on 12th 
February, 2026 to inter-alia discuss the 
following:-
Ÿ Review of performance of Non-Independent 
Directors;
Ÿ Review of performance of Board as a Whole;
Ÿ Review of Performance of the Chairperson of 
the Company, taking into account the views 
of Executive 
Ÿ Directors and Non-Executive Directors; and
Ÿ Assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of 
ﬂow of information between the company 
management and the Board that is necessary 
for the Board to effectively and reasonably 
perform their duties.
Succession Planning
Your Company has an effective mechanism for 
succession planning which focuses on orderly 
succession of Directors, Key Management 
Personnel and Senior Management.
Induction and Familiarisation Programme
A letter of appointment together with an 
induction kit is provided to Independent 
Directors at the time of their appointment, 
setting out their roles, functions, duties and 
responsibilities. In terms of the Listing 
Regulations, the terms and conditions of 
appointment of Independent Directors are 
available on your Company ’s website. 
F a m i l i a r i s a t i o n  p r o g r a m m e s  f o r  t h e 
Independent Directors generally forms part of 
the Board process. Board and Committees are 
updated on business performance; operating 
results; risk management and mitigation plans; 
efforts and initiatives around environment and 
sustainability; management outlook on 
business; economic / industry developments, 
among others. Directors also interact with        
the Statutory and the Internal Auditors of      
your Company. They are also regularly kept 
informed of other regulatory changes and 
corresponding impact on your Company. The 
d e t a i l s  o f  f a m i l i a r i s a t i o n  p r o g r a m m e     
imparted to Directors is available on your 
Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-
announcements
Code of Conduct
Doing the right things, following sound,      
moral and ethical business principles ensure 
that your Company is fair and transparent to 
both internal and external stakeholders. 
Integrity, Commitment, Passion, Seamlessness 
and Speed are the foundation for all actions    
and decisions at your Company. They set 
standards for the organisation and for employee 
conduct. The Board has laid down a Code of 
Conduct (“the Code”) for all Board members and 
senior management personnel of your 
Company. The Code is available on your 
Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-
announcements . All Board members and senior 
management personnel have afﬁrmed 
compliance with the Code. A declaration to that 
effect signed by the Managing Director is 
annexed and forms part of this Report.
9
10
Mr. Rajiv Jain
(DIN: 11247215)
Mr. Shreemat Pandey
(DIN: 00411662)
ü ü ü ü ü ü
ü ü ü ü ü ü
Selection, Appointment & Tenure of Directors 
As per the Nomination and Remuneration 
Policy, the Nomination Remuneration 
Committee facilitates the Board in identiﬁcation 
and selection of the Directors carrying high 
integrity, relevant expertise and experience so  
as to have well diverse Board. The Directors 
including the Independent Directors are 
appointed or re-appointed with the approval of 
the shareholders in accordance with the 
provisions of the laws as applicable on the 
company. The Executive Directors and Non-
Executive Directors are normally appointed for  
a term of ﬁve consecutive years. As required 
under Regulation 46(2)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations and Para IV of Schedule IV of         
the Companies Act, 2013, the Company issues 
f o r m a l  l e t t e r  o f  a p p o i n t m e n t  t o  t h e 
Independent Directors. The terms & conditions 
for appointment of Independent Director has 
been posted on the website of the Company      
in terms of the said provisions and can be 
accessed on the website of the Company at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/corporate-
announcements
Due to the sad demise of Late Mr. Kuljit Singh 
Popli (DIN: 01976135), Independent Director of 
the Company, on 18th April 2025, he ceased to 
hold ofﬁce as an Independent Director with 
effect from the said date.
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra was appointed as 
Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 14th 
July, 2025 for a term of ﬁve consecutive years 
from the date of appointment. The same was 
approved by the members of the Company 
through Postal Ballot resolution passed on 04th 
July, 2025.
Mr. Rajiv Jain was appointed as Independent 
th
Director of the Company w.e.f. 10  October, 2025 
for a term of ﬁve consecutive years from the date 
of appointment. The same was approved by the 
members of the Company through Postal Ballot 
resolution passed on 28th November, 2025.
Mr. Shreemat Pandey was appointed as 
Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 
05th February, 2026 for a term of ﬁve 
c o n s e c u t i v e  y e a r s  f r o m  t h e  d a t e  o f 
appointment. The same was approved by the 
members of the Company through Postal Ballot 
resolution passed on 17th April, 2026.
Declaration of Independence
Independent Directors, at the ﬁrst meeting of 
the Board in which they participate and 
thereafter at the ﬁrst meeting of the Board in 
every ﬁnancial year, give a declaration that they 
meet the criteria of independence as provided in 
Section 149 (6) of the Act and Regulation 16 (1) (b) 
of the Listing Regulations and that they are not 
aware of any circumstance or situation, which 
exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that 
could impair or impact their ability to discharge 
duties with an object to independent 
judgement and without any external inﬂuence. 
Based on the declarations received, the Board of 
Directors of the Company conﬁrms the 
independence, integrity, expertise, and 
experience of the Independent Directors 
including the independent director appointed 
during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26.  The Board 
believes that the Independent Directors fulﬁlls 
the independence criteria speciﬁed in the 
Companies Act, 2013, the associated Rules, and 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and are 
independent of the Management of the 
company.
Board Meeting
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, Six (6) Board 
Meetings were held on 15th May 2025, 26th May 
2025, 14th August, 2025, 23rd October, 2025, 14th 
November, 2025 and 12th February, 2026. The 
gap between any two meetings did not exceed 
120 days.
Board Procedures
The Board of Directors of the Company acts in 
the capacity of ‘management trustee’, being 
responsible for managing the affairs of the 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 76 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
147 148
information to ensure that the ﬁnancial 
statements are correct, sufﬁcient and 
credible; 
Ÿ R e c o m m e n d a t i o n  f o r  a p p o i n t m e n t , 
remuneration and terms of appointment of 
Auditors of the Company; 
Ÿ Approval of payment to Statutory Auditors for 
any other services rendered by them; 
Ÿ Reviewing and monitoring the Auditor’s 
i n d e p e n d e n c e  &  p e r f o r m a n c e  a n d 
effectiveness of audit process; 
Ÿ Approval (including omnibus approval) or any 
subsequent modiﬁcation of transactions of 
the listed entity with related parties; 
Ÿ Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and 
investments; 
Ÿ Review the utilisation of loans and/ or 
advances/investment made in the subsidiary 
Company(ies) exceeding Rs. 100 Crore or 10% 
of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is 
lower; 
Ÿ Valuation of undertakings or assets of the 
listed entity, wherever it is necessary; 
Ÿ Evaluation of internal ﬁnancial controls and 
risk management systems;
Ÿ Reviewing performance of Statutory and 
Internal Auditors, adequacy of the internal 
control systems; 
Ÿ Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of the 
internal audit department, stafﬁng and 
seniority of the ofﬁcial heading the 
department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit; 
Ÿ Discussion with internal auditors of any 
signiﬁcant ﬁndings & follow up there on; 
Ÿ Reviewing the ﬁndings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board; 
Ÿ Discussion with Statutory Auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and 
scope of audit as well as post audit discussion 
to ascertain any areas of concern; 
Ÿ To review the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism; 
Ÿ Approval of appointment of Chief Financial 
Ofﬁcer after assessing the qualiﬁcations, 
experience and background, etc. of the 
candidate; 
Ÿ Review the management discussion and 
analysis of ﬁnancial condition and results of 
operations; 
Ÿ Review the management letters/letters 
issued by the Statutory Auditors and internal 
audit reports on internal control weaknesses; 
Ÿ Review appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Internal Auditor; 
Ÿ To consider and comment on rationale, cost 
beneﬁts and impact of schemes involving 
merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the 
listed entity and its shareholders; 
Ÿ To look into the reasons for substantial 
defaults in the payment to the depositors, 
debenture holders, shareholders (in case of 
non-payment of declared dividends) and 
creditors; and 
Ÿ Carrying out any other function as mentioned 
in the terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee.
Composition, meetings and attendance
Audit Committee comprises of four members, 
out of which three are Independent Director. All 
the members of the Committee possess 
adequate ﬁnancial knowledge and bring 
relevant ﬁnancial management expertise, 
supported by their extensive experience and 
professional background. Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta, 
Chairman of the Audit Committee has the 
relevant accounting and ﬁnancial management 
expertise.  During the year 2025-26, the Audit 
Committee met six times i.e. 15th May, 2025, 26th 
May, 2025, 14th August, 2025, 23rd October, 2025, 
14th November, 2025 and 12th February, 2026. 
The maximum gap between any two meetings 
was not more than 120 days. The composition of 
Committee and particulars of attendance of the 
Committee members are given below:
Performance evaluation of the Board, its 
Committees & Individual Directors
In terms of requirements of the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013, the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company speciﬁed the manner 
for effective evaluation of the performance of 
Board of the Board of Directors including 
Independent Directors. Based on the same, the 
Board carries out an annual evaluation of its own 
performance, and the performance of its 
Committees, Individual Directors including 
Independent Directors. The performance of the 
Board is evaluated by the Board based on criteria 
such as Board composition and structure, 
effectiveness of Board processes, Board 
strategy, Board and Management relation etc. 
The performance of Committees is evaluated by 
the Board on the basis of criteria such as 
composition of Committees, effectiveness of 
Committee working, independence, etc. The 
Board evaluates the performance of individual 
Directors on the basis of criteria such as 
attendance and contribution of Director at 
Board/Committee Meetings, adherence to 
ethical standards and code of conduct of the 
Company, time devoted to in Board functioning, 
Extent of diversity in the knowledge and related 
industry expertise, etc.
Nominee or Institutional Directors
There are no Nominee or Institutional Directors 
on the Board of the Company. 
BOARD COMMITTEES 
The Board has constituted the following 
Committees of Directors to look into and 
monitor the matters falling within their terms of 
reference:-
A. AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Audit Committee reviews the matters falling 
within its terms of reference and addresses 
issues that could be of vital concerns to the 
Company. The Audit Committee has been 
constituted by the Board in terms of provisions 
of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations as 
amended.
Terms of Reference of Committee
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
broadly includes matters pertaining to review of 
ﬁnancial reporting process, adequacy of internal 
control systems, discussion of ﬁnancial results, 
interaction with Auditors, appointment and 
remuneration of Auditors, adequacy of 
disclosures, and other relevant matters. In 
particular, these include:-
Ÿ Review the Annual Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report thereon before submission to 
the Board for approval, with particular 
reference to: 
a. matters required to be included in the 
Director’s Responsibility Statement of the 
Board’s Report in terms of clause (c) of Sub-
section (3) of Section 134 of the Act; 
b. changes, if any, in accounting policies & 
practices and reasons for the same; 
c. major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of 
judgment by management; 
d. signiﬁcant adjustments made in the 
ﬁnancial statements arising out of audit 
ﬁndings; 
e. compliance with listing and other legal 
requirem ents relatin g to ﬁnan cial 
statements; 
f. disclosure of any related party transactions; 
g. modiﬁed opinion(s), if any, in the draft audit 
report;
Ÿ Review the quarterly ﬁnancial statements 
before submission to the Board for approval; 
Ÿ Review the statement of uses/application of 
funds raised through an issue (public issue, 
rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the 
statement of funds utilised for purposes other 
t h a n  t h o s e  s t a t e d  i n  t h e  o f f e r 
document/prospectus/notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency, 
monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a 
public or rights issue or preferential issue or 
qualiﬁed institutions placement, and to make 
appropriate recommendations to the Board 
to take up steps in this matter;
Ÿ Reviewing the ﬁnancial statements of 
subsidiaries, in particular, the investments 
made by the unlisted subsidiaries of the 
Company, if any; 
Ÿ Oversight Company’s ﬁnancial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its ﬁnancial 
S.N. Position on
the Committee
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta1 Chairman Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Name of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
5
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain2 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 6
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 77 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
149 150
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as 
Secretary of the Audit Committee. The minutes 
of the meetings of the Committee were placed 
before and noted by the Board. All the 
recommendations made by the Committee 
during the year under review were accepted by 
the Board.
B. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
is constituted by the Board in terms of provisions 
of  Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Listing Regulations.
Terms of Reference of Committee
Ÿ Formulate the criteria for determining 
qualiﬁcations, positive attributes and 
Independence of a Director and recommend 
to the Board a policy, relating to the 
remun eration for th e Direc tors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and other employees; 
Ÿ Identify persons who are qualiﬁed to become 
Directors and who may be appointed as 
Senior Management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down and recommend to the 
Board their appointment and/or removal; 
Ÿ Formulate the system and procedure for 
evaluating performance of Directors; 
Ÿ Formulate the criteria for evaluation of 
performance of Independent Directors and of 
the Board of Directors as a whole and its 
Committees;
Ÿ To see the diversity of the Board of Directors of 
the Company; 
Ÿ To  e x t e n d  o r  c o n t i n u e  t h e  t e r m  o f 
appointment of the Independent Director, on 
the basis of the report of performance 
evaluation of Independent Directors; 
Ÿ Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, 
in whatever form, payable to Senior 
Management; 
Ÿ To evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge 
and experience on the Board and on the basis 
of such evaluation, preparation of role and 
capabilities required of an independent 
director; 
Ÿ Carry out any other function as is mandated by 
the Board from time to time and/or enforced 
by any statutory notiﬁcation, amendment or 
modiﬁcation, as may be applicable; and 
Ÿ Perform such other functions as maybe 
necessary or appropriate for the performance 
of its duties.
Composition, meetings and attendance
All the members of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee are Non-Executive 
Directors. During the year 2025-26, the 
Committee met three times i.e. on 26th May, 
2025, 14th August, 2025 and 09th October, 2025. 
The composition of the Committee and 
particulars of attendance at the Committee 
Meetings are given below:-
S.N. Position on
the Committee
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra*3 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Name of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
1
#
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra4 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 4
$
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli5 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) NA
*   Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra was inducted into the Audit Committee w.e.f. 14th November, 2025.
#  Mrs. Pallavi Mishra was inducted into the Audit Committee w.e.f. 5th May, 2025 and ceased to be a 
member of the Audit Committee w.e.f. 14th November, 2025.
$  Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee effective 18th April, 2025 
due to his sad demise.
S.N. Position on
the Committee
$
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra1 Chairman Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Name of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
2
Mrs. Payal Gupta2 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 2
Mr. Rajiv Jain*3 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) -
#
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta4 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 3
$  Subsequent to the closure of ﬁnancial year, Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be a member of the Board 
of Directors and Chairmanship of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the company w.e.f. 
close of Business hours on 30th June, 2026.
* Mr. Rajiv Jain was inducted into the Nomination and Remuneration Committee w.e.f. 14th 
November, 2025. 
#  Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta ceased to be a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
w.e.f. 14th November 2025.
Performance evaluation criteria for 
Independent Directors
The performance evaluation criteria laid down 
for the Independent Directors cover their 
attendance and contribution at Board/ 
Committee meetings, adherence to ethical 
standards and code of conduct of the Company, 
inter-personal relations with other Directors, 
meaningful and constructive contribution, 
inputs in the Board/Committee meetings, etc.
Insolation Energy Employee Stock Option 
Plan 2024 (“ESOP 2024”/“Plan”)
Your Company’s Board has nominated the NRC 
Committee for the administration and 
superintendence of employee stock option 
schemes. Approval of shareholders is sought for 
grant of employee stock options (“Options”) to 
eligible employees as may be determined by the 
NRC Committee. Presently, stock option plan are 
implemented through direct route.
C .  S T A K E H O L D E R S  R E L A T I O N S H I P 
COMMITTEE
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee is 
constituted by the Board in terms of Section 178 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing 
Regulations.
Terms of Reference of Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee is 
empowered to –
Ÿ Review and resolve the grievances of the 
security holders of the Company including 
complaints related to transmission of shares, 
non-receipt of annual report, nonreceipt of 
declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate 
certiﬁcates etc; 
Ÿ Review measures taken for effective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
Ÿ Review the adherence to the service 
standards adopted by the listed entity in 
respect of various services being rendered by 
the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;
Ÿ Review the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the listed entity for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and 
ensuring timely receipt of dividend/dispatch 
of annual reports/ statutory notices to the 
shareholders of the Company; and
Ÿ Review and resolve grievances of debenture 
holders related to creation of charge, payment 
of interest/principal, maintenance of security 
cover and any other covenants.
Ÿ Perform such other functions as maybe 
necessary or appropriate for the performance 
of its duties.
Composition, meeting and attendance
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, meeting of 
the Committee was held on 12th February, 2026. 
In the said meeting, the Committee reviewed 
the status of investors’ complaints received and 
resolved during the calendar year 2025, 
Investors’ Service Status Report, Status of 
Dematerialisation of Share Capital of the 
Company, Compliance with IEPF Rules, etc. The 
composition of the Committee and particulars 
of attendance at the Committee Meeting are 
given below:-
S.N. Position on
the Committee
Mr. Rajiv Jain*1 Chairman Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Name of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
1
Mrs. Payal Gupta2 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 1
#
Mr. Vikas Jain3 Member Executive Director 1
$
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra4 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) -
&
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli5 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) NA
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 78 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
151 152
th
*  Mr. Rajiv Jain was inducted into the Stakeholders Relationship Committee w.e.f. 14  November, 
2025.
#  Mr. Vikas Jain was inducted into the Stakeholders Relationship Committee w.e.f. 5th May, 2025. 
$  Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be a member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee w.e.f. 14th 
November, 2025.
&    Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee     
w.e.f.  18th April, 2025 due to his sad demise.
E. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
In compliance with the provisions of Listing 
Regulations and Companies Act, 2013, Board has 
constituted a Risk Management Committee.
Terms of Reference of Committee
Risk Management Committee is empowered   
to -
Ÿ Formulate a detailed risk management policy 
which shall include (a) f ramework for 
identiﬁcation of internal and external risks 
speciﬁcally faced by the Company, including 
ﬁnancial, operational, sectoral, sustainability, 
information, cyber security risks or any other 
risk as may be determined by the Committee; 
(b) Measures for risk mitigation including 
systems and processes for internal control of 
identiﬁed risks; (c) Business continuity plan;
Ÿ To approve major decisions affecting the risk 
proﬁle or exposure and give appropriate 
directions;
Ÿ To ensure that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the 
business of the Company;
Ÿ To monitor and oversee implementation of 
the risk management policy, including 
evaluating the adequacy of risk management 
systems; and
Ÿ To periodically review the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years, including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics 
and evolving complexity;
Composition, meetings and attendance
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Risk 
Management Committee met two times on 14th 
August, 2025 and 12th February, 2026. The 
composition of the Committee and particulars 
of attendance at the Committee Meeting are 
given below:-
Particulars of investors’ complaints handled 
by the Company and its Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent during the year 
Big share Services Private Limited is acting as 
the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent of the 
Company to carry out the share transfer 
/transmission & other related work. Mr. Nitesh 
Sharma, Company Secretary of the Company is 
the Compliance Ofﬁcer in terms of Regulation 6 
of the Listing Regulations. The Share Transfer 
Agent/Company has timely resolved/attended 
all the complaints and no complaint or 
grievance remained unattended/ unresolved at 
the end of the year. Details of the complaints 
received and resolved during the year ended 31st 
March, 2026 are as under:-
Complaints
pending at
the ending
of the year.
Complaints
settled
during the
year.
Complaints
received
during the
year.
Complaints
at the
beginning
of the year.
Nil 1 1 Nil
policy and monitor the CSR policy, etc. The terms 
of reference includes:
Terms of Reference of Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is 
empowered to –
Ÿ Formulate and recommend to the Board, a 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy;
Ÿ Recommend the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred on the activities in line with the 
objectives given in CSR policy;
Ÿ Oversee the Company’s activities and 
contribution with regard to its corporate and 
societal obligations & its reputation as a 
responsible corporate citizen;
Ÿ Review the performance of the Company on 
environment, governance and sustainability 
initiatives & matters;
Ÿ Approve the policies on principles as required 
in terms of Business Responsibility & 
sustainability Reporting requirements and 
changes/modiﬁcations required from time to 
time in such policies; and
Ÿ Perform such other functions as maybe 
necessary or appropriate for the performance 
of its duties.
Composition, meeting and attendance
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee met once on 
26th May, 2025. The composition of the 
Committee and particulars of attendance at the 
Committee Meeting are given below: -
Any Member/Investor, whose grievance has not 
been resolved satisfactorily, may kindly write to 
the Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer 
with a copy of the earlier correspondence.
D. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
COMMITTEE
As required under section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the Board has constituted Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee of Directors to 
inter alia formulate CSR Policy recommend the 
amount of expenditure to be incurred on the 
activities in line with the objectives given in CSR 
S.N. Position on
the Committee
$
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra1 Chairman Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Name of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
0
Mrs. Ekta Jain2 Member Non-Executive Director 1
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta*3 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) 1
#
Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli4 Member Independent Director (Non-Executive) NA
close of Business hours on 30th June, 2026.
*  Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta was inducted into the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee w.e.f. 5th 
May, 2025.
#  Late Mr. Kuljit Singh Popli ceased to be a member of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
w.e.f. 18th April, 2025 due to his sad demise.
S.N. Position on
the CommitteeName of Director Category Number of
Meetings attended
1
2
3
4
5
Mr. Vikas Jain
Mrs. Ekta Jain                 
Mr. Manish Gupta           
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra*      
#
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra
Chairman
Member
Member
Member
Member
Executive Director
Non-Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Executive Director
Independent Director (Non-Executive)
Independent Director (Non-Executive)
2
2
2
-
1
th
*  Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra was inducted into the Risk Management Committee w.e.f. 14  November, 2025.
th
# Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be member of the Risk Management Committee w.e.f. 14  November, 
2025.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Particulars of Senior Management as on 31st March, 2026, including the changes therein since the 
close of previous year as required under Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Listing 
Regulations are given below:-
$  Subsequent to the closure of ﬁnancial year, Mrs. Pallavi Mishra ceased to be a member of the Board 
of Directors and Chairmanship of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the company w.e.f. 
S.N. DesignationName of the Senior
Management Personnel Changes if any
1
2
3
4
Mr. Manish Gupta
Mr. Deepak Arvind Jain
Mr. Ravi Dusad
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Senior Vice President
Chief Technical Ofﬁcer
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Company Secretary and Compliance Ofﬁcer
NA
NA
NA
NA
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 79 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
153 154
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
Remuneration Policy
Your Company believes in nurturing a people 
friendly environment which is geared to drive 
the organization towards high and sustainable 
growth. Each and every personnel working with 
the Company strives to achieve the Company’s 
vision of being the best in the industry.  The 
Company follows a policy applicable for 
appointment and ﬁxing of remuneration for all 
the Directors as well as Key Managerial 
Personnel (KMP) of the Company. It also 
includes appointment and remuneration of 
s e n i o r  m a n a g e m e n t  p e r s o n n e l .  T h e 
appointment and remuneration of other 
employees of the company are also guided by 
the said policy.
Executive Directors
The remuneration of the Executive Directors is 
d e c i d e d  b y  t h e  B o a r d  b a s e d  o n  t h e 
recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee. The remuneration is 
decided based on broad criteria like industry 
trend, remuneration package in other peer 
g r o u p  c o m p a n i e s ,  j o b  c o n t e n t s ,  k e y 
performance areas, Company’s ﬁnancial, 
sustainability and operational performance etc. 
The remuneration structure comprises of basic 
s a l a r y ,  c o n t r i b u t i o n  t o  p r o v i d e n t , 
superannuation & annuity funds, perquisites & 
allowances and gratuity in accordance with the 
Company’s rules. Necessary approvals from 
shareholders are sought in the general 
meetings for approval of the remuneration 
package(s). Executive Directors are not paid any 
sitting fees for attending meetings of Board and 
Committees thereof.
The details of remuneration package, fees paid, 
etc. to the Executive Directors for the year ended 
on 31st March, 2026 are given hereunder:-
Service Contract, Notice Period, Severance 
Fees and Stock Options
Ÿ The appointment of Mr. Manish Gupta, 
Chairman & Whole Time Director and Mr. 
Vikas Jain, Managing Director of the Company 
are for ﬁve years from the date of their 
respective appointments.
Ÿ Notice period is as per the Rules of the 
Company.
Ÿ Except Gratuity & Earned Leave at the end of 
the tenure, no other severance fees is payable.
Ÿ No Stock Options were granted during the 
year to Directors.
Directors and Ofﬁcers Insurance (‘D&O 
Insurance’) for Directors
In line with the requirements of Regulation 
25(10) of the Listing Regulations, the Company 
has a D&O Insurance policy for all the Directors of 
the Company for such quantum and for such 
risks as determined by the Board.
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
The detail of preceding three Annual General 
Meetings (AGM) /Extra Ordinary General 
Meetings (EOGM) are as follows:
CategoryName Fixed
Component
Mr. Manish Gupta
Mr. Vikas Jain
15,00,000
14,26,920
Chairman & Whole Time Director
Managing Director
Allowances,
Perquisites and
other Beneﬁts
Nil
73,080
Performance
Linked Incentives
/Commission
Nil
Nil
Total
15,00,000
15,00,000
Non-Executive Directors
Criteria for making payments to Non-
E x e c u t i v e  D i r e c t o r s :  T h e  N o n -
Executive/Independent Directors of the 
Company are seasoned professionals, each 
bringing a wealth of domain knowledge and 
diverse industry experience. Leveraging their 
specialised expertise, they provide the Board 
with valuable external insights on critical 
m a t t e r s .  I n  t h e i r  c a p a c i t y  a s  N o n -
Executive/Independent Directors, they diligently 
fulﬁl their responsibilities by ensuring objectivity 
during discussions at Board and Committee 
meetings. The Company compensates these 
Directors with remuneration solely in the form of 
sitting fees for their contributions. No additional 
remuneration, beyond the sitting fees, is paid to 
the Non-Executive/Independent Directors.
Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees of 
Rs. 25,000 for each meeting of the Board and its 
Committees attended by them which is within 
the limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 
2013.
None of the Non-Executive Director has any 
material pecuniary relationship or transaction 
with the Company.
Name of DirectorS.N. Category Sitting Fees
Details of remuneration paid to Non- Executive Directors for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 are as under:-
Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta
Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra
Mr. Rajiv Jain
Mr.  Shreemat Pandey
Mrs. Pallavi Mishra
Mr. Akhilesh Kumar Jain
Mrs. Ekta Jain
Mrs. Payal Gupta
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Non- Executive Director
Non- Executive Director
Non- Executive Director
3,75,000
1,25,000
1,00,000
50,000
3,25,000
3,00,000
2,25,000
1,75,000
(Amount in Rs.)
Financial Year Event Venue Day, Date and Time Special Resolution(s) Passed
1. Authorization to the Board of Directors 
for providing Loan(s)/Guarantee(s) and/ 
or provide security (ies) in connection 
with any loan under Section 185 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
2024-25
th
10  AGM   Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Monday, 29th 
September, 2025 at 
03.00 P.M.
1. Approval of extending beneﬁts of 
Insolation Energy Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2024 for eligible employees 
of subsidiary/associate/group/holding 
companies as applicable.
2. To create, offer, issue and allot securities 
upto Rs 400 crores pursuant to section 
62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013 and other 
applicable laws in one or more tranches, 
t h r o u g h  Q u a l i ﬁ e d  I n s t i t u t i o n s 
Placement (QIP).
2024-25
st
01  EOGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Monday, 17th June, 
2024 at 11.30 A.M.
1. Approval for issue of equity shares on 
preferential basis which shall rank pari-
passu with the existing shares of face 
value of Rs. 10/- each.
2024-25
nd
02  EOGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Wednesday, 13th
November, 2024 at 
3:00 P.M.
Nil2024-25
rd
03  EOGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Thursday, 05th
December, 2024 at 
3:00 P.M.
1. To consider and approve the revision in 
remuneration of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 
02917023), Chairman and Whole-time 
Director of the Company.
2. To consider revision in remuneration 
payable to Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 
00812760), Managing Director of the 
Company.
3. Authorization to the Board of Directors 
for providing Loan(s), Guarantee(s) or 
Security(ies) under Section 185 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
4. Authorization to Board of Directors for 
giving any loan / guarantee and/or 
providing any security in connection 
with loan and making any investment 
by the company under Section 186 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
2023-24
th
09  AGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Monday, 30th 
September, 2024 at 
03.00 P.M.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 80 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
155 156
Financial Year Event Venue Day, Date and Time Special Resolution(s) Passed
1. To institute Insolation Energy – 
Employee Stock Options Plan 2024 for 
the Employees of the Company.
2. To appoint Mr. Anil Kumar Gupta 
(DIN:03573328) as an Independent 
Director of the Company.
2023-24
st
01  EOGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Monday, 4th March, 
2024 at 11.00 A.M.
1. Increase in power to borrow funds 
pursuant to the provisions of section 
180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
2. Creation of charges, mortgages, 
hypothecation on the immovable and 
movable properties of the Company 
u n d e r  S e c t i o n  1 8 0 ( 1 ) ( a )  o f  t h e 
Companies Act, 2013.
3. Payment of managerial remuneration 
in excess of limits prescribed under 
Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 
to Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) 
Whole-Time Director of the Company.
4. Payment of managerial remuneration 
in excess of limits prescribed under 
Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 
to Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) 
Managing Director of the Company.
2022-23
th
08  AGM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
Saturday, 30th 
September, 2023 at 
03.00 P.M.
1. Authority for making Initial Public 
Offering.
2022-23
st
01  EOGM G-25, City Centre, 
Sansarchand Road, 
Near MI Road, Jaipur, 
Rajasthan – 302001
Monday, 18th April, 
2022 at 11.00 A.M.
Special Resolution passed through Postal Ballot
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, Company has obtained consent of members by way of Special 
Resolution through postal ballot notice dated 26th May, 2025, 14th August, 2025, 23rd October, 2025 
and 12th February, 2026 respectively in accordance with Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014. Mr. Akshit Kumar Jangid 
(Membership No. F11285), Practicing Company Secretary, acted as the Scrutinizer, for conducting the 
Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. The details and the voting pattern of the 
Special Resolution(s) passed through Postal Ballot Process are as follows:-
Date of Postal
Ballot Notice Special Resolution No. votes
in favour
Date of
Approval
% voting
in favour
No. votes
in against
% voting
in against
th
26  May, 2025 148438500
th
04  July, 2025 99.9798 30000 0.0202Appointment of Dr. Subir Bikas Mitra 
(DIN: 08321265) as a Non-Executive 
I n d e p e n d e n t  D i r e c t o r  o f  t h e 
Company
th
14  August, 
2025
157672000
th
10  October, 
2025
100.000 0 0.0000To approve migration of listing/ 
trading of equity shares of the 
company from SME platform of BSE 
Limited to main board of BSE Limited
th
14  August, 
2025
157672000
th
10  October, 
2025
100.000 0 0.0000To make an application for direct 
listing/ trading of equity shares of the 
company on the main board of 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (NSE)
rd
23  October, 
2025
146254000
th
28  November, 
2025
99.9583 61000 0.0417Appointment of Mr. Rajiv Jain (DIN: 
1 1 247 2 1 5 )  a s  a  N o n - E xe c u t i v e 
Independent Director
rd
23  October, 
2025
146122500
th
28  November, 
2025
99.8544 213000 0.1456Authorization to borrow upto Rs. 
5,000 crores (Rupees Five Thousand 
Crores Only) under section 180(1)(c) of 
the Companies Act, 2013
rd
23  October, 
2025
146047000
th
28  November, 
2025
99.8540 213500 0.1460A u t h o r i z a t i o n  f o r  c h a r g e / 
hypothecation/mortgage/lien on the 
assets of the Company under section 
180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 
upto Rs. 5,000 crores (Rupees Five 
Thousand Crores Only)
rd
23  October, 
2025
146036000
th
28  November, 
2025
99.8465 224500 0.1535Authorization to the Board of 
Directors for providing loan(s)/ 
guarantee(s) and/ or provide security 
(ies) in connection with any loan 
under section 185 of the Companies 
Act, 2013
rd
23  October, 
2025
146036000
th
28  November, 
2025
99.8468 224000 0.1532Authorization to Board of Directors 
for giving any loan / guarantee and/or 
providing any security in connection 
w i t h  l o a n  a n d /o r  m a ki n g  a ny 
investment by the company under 
section 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013
rd
23  October, 
2025
146117000
th
28  November, 
2025
99.8650 197500 0.1350To approve alteration to the Articles of 
Association of the Company with 
respect to the deletion of the 
common seal clause
th
12  February, 
2026
146840740
th
17  April, 2026 99.8541 214550 0.1459Appointment of Mr. Shreemat 
Pandey (DIN: 00411662) as a Non-
Executive Independent Director 
Procedure for postal ballot
The Postal Ballot was carried out in accordance 
with Section 110 read with Section 108 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015, Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, SS-2 and applicable circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
None of the businesses is proposed to be 
transacted through Postal Ballot before the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting.
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
Effective communication of information is an 
essential component of Corporate Governance. 
It is a process of sharing information, ideas, 
thoughts, opinions and plans to all stakeholders 
which promotes management shareholder 
relations. The Company regularly interacts with 
shareholders through multiple channels of 
communication such as results announcement, 
annual report, media releases, Company’s 
website and speciﬁc communications. Details of 
communication mode are as under:-
Ÿ The unaudited quarterly and audited annual 
ﬁnancial results are announced immediately 
after approval from the Board and sent to 
respective stock exchanges where the 
Company’s shares are listed within the time 
speciﬁed under the Listing Regulations
Ÿ Thereafter, these are circulated among 
media/news agencies/analyst, etc. and are 
displayed on the Company’s website 
https://insolationenergy.in/ These results are 
newspapers normally with Financial Express, 
Business Standard, Economic Times, 
Nafanuksan etc. within forty-eight hours of 
the Board meeting in which the same are 
approved.
Ÿ The Annual Report, inter-alia, containing 
Audited Standalone Financial Statements, 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, 
Board’s Report including Management 
Discussion and Analysis, Auditors’ Report and 
other important information is circulated to 
members and others entitled thereto.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 81 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
157 158
The Shareholders are requested to correspond 
directly with the R&T Agent for shares related 
matters, dividend etc.
Address for Correspondence
Name: Nitesh Sharma,
Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance 
Ofﬁcer
Address: C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, 
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Rajasthan
E-mail ID: cs@insolationenergy.in
Website: https://insolationenergy.in/
Share Transfer System
As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, shares 
cannot be transferred unless they are held in 
dematerialised mode. Shareholders who hold 
shares in physical form are advised to convert 
them into dematerialised mode to avoid the risk 
of losing shares, fraudulent transactions and to 
receive better investor servicing. Only valid 
transmission or transposition cases that comply 
with the SEBI guidelines will be processed by the 
RTA of the Company. To transfer, transmit or 
transpose shares in physical form, shareholders 
should submit them to the ofﬁce of the RTA 
Mumbai or at their branch ofﬁces as speciﬁed. 
The RTA will process these cases only if they are 
technically found to be complete and in order.
SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES)
The investor complaints are processed in a 
centralised web-based complaints redress 
system. The salient features of this system are 
Centralised database of all complaints, online 
upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by 
concerned companies and online viewing by 
investors of actions taken on the complaint and 
its current status. Investors are requested to visit 
t h e  u p g r a d e d  v e r s i o n  o f  S C O R E S  a t 
https://scores.sebi.gov.in/ to register or/and 
lodge complaint, if any.
Dispute Resolution Mechanism (SMART ODR)
To  s t re n g t h e n  t h e  d i s p u te  re s o l u t i o n 
mechanism for all disputes between a listed 
company and/or registrars & share transfer 
agents and its shareholder(s)/investor(s), SEBI 
had issued a Standard Operating Procedure 
(‘SOP’) vide Circular dated 30th May, 2022. As per 
this Circular, shareholder(s)/investor(s) can opt 
for Stock Exchange Arbitration Mechanism for 
resolution of their disputes against the 
Company or its RTA. Further, SEBI vide Circular 
dated 31st July, 2023 (updated as on 20th 
December, 2023), introduced the Online 
Dispute Resolution (‘ODR’) Portal. Through this 
ODR portal, the aggrieved party can initiate the 
mechanism, after exercising the primary 
options to resolve its issue, directly with the 
Company. No Compliant was received by the 
Company through ODR portal. Also, no 
shareholders’ complaint was lying unresolved as 
on 31st March, 2026.
Unclaimed dividends and transfer to IEPF
In accordance with Section 124(5) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 
2016 (as amended from time to time) (“IEPF 
Rules”), any dividend remaining unclaimed for a 
period of seven years or more from the date of 
transfer to the Company’s ‘Unpaid Dividend 
Account’ shall be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 
established by the Central Government. 
Shareholders who have not received their 
dividend for the relevant year are requested to 
contact the Company. This information is also 
available on the Company’s website at 
https://insolationenergy.in/ as mandated by the 
aforementioned rules.
Transfer of underlying shares into Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)
In terms of Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with IEPF Rules, the Company is 
required to transfer shares to the IEPF Suspense 
Account in respect of which dividends remained 
unpaid/ unclaimed for a period of seven 
consecutive years or more. Shareholders who 
have not received their dividend for the relevant 
year are requested to contact the Company.
Payment of Dividend
Company encourages shareholders to avail 
facility of direct credit of dividend to their 
re s p e c t i ve  b a n k  a c c o u n t s  f o r  s p e e d y 
remittance. Shareholders are therefore urged to 
Ÿ Presentation made to institutional investors or to the analysts are also submitted with respective 
stock exchanges where the Company’s shares are listed and are also displayed on the Company’s 
website https://insolationenergy.in/
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Annual General Meeting
TimeDay & Date of AGM Venue
03:00 P.M.Monday,
28th September,
2026
Deemed venue is registered ofﬁce i.e. 
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension 
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Rajasthan
Mode
Through Video Conferencing (VC) or 
Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)
Financial year and tentative ﬁnancial calendar
Your Company follows period of 1st April to 31st March as its ﬁnancial Year. Tentative ﬁnancial calendar 
for the ﬁnancial year 2026-27 is as under:-
Un-audited Financial Results:
th
First Quarter ending on 30  June, 2026 Within 45 days from the end of quarter
th
Second Quarter/half year ending on 30  September, 2026 Within 45 days from the end of quarter
st
Third Quarter ending on 31  December, 2026 Within 45 days from the end of quarter
Audited Financial Results:
Fourth Quarter/Year ending on 31st March, 2027 Within 60 days from the end of the ﬁnancial year
Dividend payment date
No Dividend has been proposed to be paid for the year ended 31st March, 2026.
Listing on Stock Exchanges
Name of Stock Exchange
BSE Limited (BSE)
Address
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001
543620
Code/Trading Symbol
INE0LGX01024
ISIN
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (NSE)
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(E) Mumbai - 400051
INA INE0LGX01024
Name of Depositories
Name of the Depositories
National Securities Depository 
Ltd. (NSDL)
Address
3rd Floor, Naman Chamber, Plot C-32, G-Block, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Maharashtra - 400 051
INE0LGX01024
ISIN
Central Depository Services 
(India) Ltd. (CDSL)
Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 25th ﬂoor, NM Joshi Marg, Lower 
Parel, Mumbai – 400 013
INE0LGX01024
The Company have paid listing fees to all the 
Stock Exchanges where its securities are listed 
and custodial fees to depositories for the 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 & 2026-27.
No securities of the Company are suspended 
from trading.
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
Bigshare Services Private Limited is acting as 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of the 
Company. They have adequate infrastructure & 
VSAT connectivity with both the depositories, 
which facilitate better and faster services for the 
investors. The registered ofﬁce address is given 
below: -
Address: Ofﬁce No S6-2, 6th ﬂoor Pinnacle 
Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali 
Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai – 400 093, 
India
Tel: +91-22-62638200
Fax: +91-22-62638299
E-mail: investor@bigshareonline.com
Website: https://www.bigshareonline.com/
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 82 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
159 160
update their bank account details, if not done 
earlier, with the Company or the DP, as the case 
may be. Shareholders may also note that the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 amended by the Finance 
Act, 2020, mandates that dividend paid or 
distributed by companies on or after 1st April, 
2 0 2 0  w i l l  b e  t a x a b l e  i n  t h e  h a n d s  o f 
shareholders. The Company will accordingly 
deduct tax at source (“TDS”), wherever 
applicable, at the applicable rates at the time of 
making the payment of dividend. 
Disclosures with respect to demat suspense 
account/ unclaimed suspense account
Regulation 39(4) of the Listing Regulations read 
with Schedule VI provides for the manner of 
dealing with unclaimed shares. As per the 
provisions, the Company is required to 
dematerialise such shares which have been 
returned as undelivered by postal authorities 
and hold the same in Unclaimed Suspense 
Account with a Depository. Disclosure pursuant 
to the unclaimed shares as on 31st March, 2026 is 
given below: -
Percentage (%) Percentage (%)Number of Shares held
Promoter and Promoter Group
Alternative Investment Fund
Foreign Portfolio Investor
Key Managerial Personnel
Resident Individuals
Non Resident Individuals
Bodies Corporates
Clearing Members
HUF
Firm
Trusts
Total
14,57,21,001
16,22,000
24,09,259
6,000
4,96,46,909
23,89,492
1,34,19,170
20,20,125
27,93,356
2,813
3,64,500
22,03,94,625
66.12
0.74
1.09
0.00
22.53
1.08
6.09
0.92
1.27
0.00
0.17
100.00
% to Total No.
of SharesNo. of Shares% of HoldersNo. of HoldersSlab of SharesS.N.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
1 – 500
501 to 1000
1001 to 2000
2001 – 3000
3001 – 4000
4001 – 5000
5001 – 10,000
10001 and above
Total
7,735
2,954
1,871
779
395
344
660
803
15,541
49.77
19.01
12.04
5.01
2.54
2.21
4.25
5.17
100.00
27,01,803
27,64,161
30,89,886
21,05,498
14,74,371
16,55,593
51,03,143
20,15,00,170
22,03,94,625
1.23
1.25
1.40
0.96
0.67
0.75
2.32
91.42
100.00
st
Distribution of shares and shareholding as on 31  March, 2026
Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
The entire equity shares capital of the Company is held in dematerialised form. The Company’s shares 
are compulsorily traded in dematerialised form and are available for trading with both the 
depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (CDSL). The shareholders can hold the Company’s shares with any of the depository 
participants, registered with the depositories. As on 31st March, 2026, the status of the Company’s 
shares is as follows:
No. of shares held inS.N.
1
2
3
Physical Form
Electronic form with NSDL
Electronic form with CDSL
Total
st
As on 31  March, 2026
Nil
4,22,57,225
17,81,37,400
22,03,94,625
The Company obtain certiﬁcates f rom a 
practicing Company Secretary on a quarterly 
basis regarding reconciliation of the share 
capital audit of the Company conﬁrming that 
the total issued / paid-up capital of the Company 
is in agreement with the total number of shares 
held in dematerialised form with NSDL and 
CDSL. A copy of these certiﬁcates received are 
submitted to both the Stock Exchanges viz. NSE 
and BSE.
Outstanding Global Depository Receipts 
(GDR) or American Depository Receipts (ADR) 
or warrants or any Convertible Instruments, 
conversion date and likely impact on equity
There are no GDRs/ ADRs/ Warrants (Foreign 
Currency) or any Convertible Instruments 
pending conversion or any other instruments 
which can have an impact on the equity share 
capital of the Company.
Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk 
and hedging activities
Company’s foreign exchange risk emanates 
from import of capital equipment & spares and 
other raw materials. For import of capital 
equipment & spares and other raw materials, 
Company decides about the hedging based on 
prevailing market conditions, period of 
exposure, amount involved etc. Company does 
not have any exposure hedged through 
Commodity derivatives.
CapacityStatePlant LocationPlant NameS.N.
1 INA 1 Near Daulatpura Toll Tax, Jaipur-Delhi
Bypass, Jaipur - 303805
Rajasthan 200 MW Module
Manufacturing
Manufacturing Plant Locations of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiary
2 INA 2 Jatawali Industrial Area, Tehsil Chomu,
Jaipur - 303806
Rajasthan 750 MW Module
Manufacturing
Particulars Outstanding
shares
Aggregate number
of Shareholders
Nill
S. N.
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
Unclaimed Suspense Account at the beginning of the year i.e. 1st April, 2025
Number of Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares 
from the Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year
Number of Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the Unclaimed 
Suspense Account during the year
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
Unclaimed Suspense Account at the end of the year i.e. 31st March, 2026
that the voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner 
of such shares claims the shares
1
2
3
4
5
Nill
Nill Nill
Nill Nill
Nill Nill
Nill Nill
Category – wise shareholding as on 31st March, 2026
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 83 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
161 162
CapacityStatePlant LocationPlant NameS.N.
3 INA 3 NH-48, Sawarda, Delhi-Ajmer Expressway,
Jaipur - 303348
Rajasthan 4.5 GW Module
Manufacturing
4 INA 4 & 5 Mohasa-Babai, Narmadapuram, Bhopal,
Madhya Pradesh - 411661
Madhya Pradesh 4.5 GW Solar Cell & 18,000 
MTA Aluminum frame 
Manufacturing
(Under construction)
Credit Ratings obtained by the company
The Company continues to maintain a strong reputation for prudent ﬁnancial management and 
consistently meeting its ﬁnancial obligations. Credit Rating obtained by the Company from CARE 
ratings Limited during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 are as follows:-
FacilitiesS.N.
1
2
Long Term Bank Facilities
Long Term / Short Term Bank Facilities
16.00
24.00
CARE BBB+; Stable
CARE BBB+; Stable / CARE A2
Assigned
Assigned
Amount (₹ crore) Rating Rating Action
OTHER DISCLOSURES
Disclosure on materially signiﬁcant related 
party transactions
During the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 
2026, there were no materially signiﬁcant 
related party transactions, which had potential 
conﬂict with the interests of the Company at 
large. The transactions with related parties are 
disclosed in the Notes to ﬁnancial statements.
The Company has a policy on materiality of 
related party transactions and dealing with 
related party transactions, which is in line with 
the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 
and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The said policy 
is available on the Company’s website at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
Non- compliance/strictures/penal ties 
imposed
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 , No 
noncompliance/strictures/penalties have been 
imposed on the Company by the Stock 
Exchange(s) or the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India or any statutory authority on any 
matters related to capital markets during the 
last three years.
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower 
Policy, to provide a formal mechanism to the 
Directors and employees to report their 
concerns about unethical behavior, actual or 
suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s 
Code of Conduct and instances of leakage of 
unpublished price sensitive information. The 
policy provides for adequate safeguard against 
victimisation of employees who utilizes the 
mechanism and also provides for direct access 
to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in 
exceptional cases. It is afﬁrmed that no 
personnel has been denied access to the Audit 
Committee.
Details of compliance with mandatory 
re q u i re m e n t s  a n d  a d o p t i o n  o f  n o n -
mandatory requirements 
The Company has complied with all mandatory 
requirements of Regulation 34(3) read with 
Schedule V of the Listing Regulations. 
Disclosure of compliances of Non-mandatory 
requirements as speciﬁed in Part E of the 
Schedule II of Listing Regulations are as under: -
Ÿ Non-Executive Chairman’s Ofﬁce: 
The Chairman of the Company is an Executive 
Director and hence this provision is not 
applicable.
Ÿ Shareholder’s Rights: 
Disclosure of all the information's are 
disseminated to all the Shareholders. The 
quarterly ﬁnancial results along with the press 
release, recordings and transcripts of earnings 
call are uploaded on the website of the 
Company. The same are also available on the 
websites of stock exchanges (BSE and NSE) 
where the shares of the Company are listed.
Ÿ Modiﬁed opinion in Auditors’ Report: 
Company’s ﬁnancial statement for the year
2025-26 does not contain any modiﬁed audit 
opinion.
Ÿ Separate posts of Chairperson and the 
Managing Director or the Chief Executive 
Ofﬁcer: 
The Company is having separate posts of 
Chairman and Managing Director.
Ÿ Reporting of Internal Auditors: 
The Internal Auditors of the Company submits 
report to the Audit Committee and have direct 
access to it.
Policy Determining Material Subsidiaries
The Company has formulated a Policy for 
D e te r m i n i n g  M a te r i a l  S u b s i d i a r i e s  i n 
accordance with Regulation 16(1)© of the SEBI 
( L i s t i n g  O b l i g a t i o n s  a n d  D i s c l o s u r e 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The policy is 
available on the Company’s website at 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
Details of the material subsidiary of the listed 
entity
Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations deﬁnes 
a “material subsidiary” as a subsidiary, whose 
turnover or net worth exceeds ten percent of the 
consolidated turnover or net worth respectively, 
of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in the 
immediately preceding ﬁnancial year.
ParticularsS.N.
1
2
3
Name of Material Subsidiary
Date and place of Incorporation
Name and date of appointment of Statutory Auditor
Remarks
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited 
28th August, 2021, Jaipur
M/s. Badaya & Co., 12th September, 2022
Loans and advances by Company and its 
Subsidiaries in the nature of loans to 
ﬁrms/Companies in which Directors are 
interested
Details are provided in Financial Statements 
section of annual report.
Risk Management
Risk Evaluation and Management is an on-
going process within the organisation. The 
Company has a well deﬁned Risk Management 
Framework in place. The Company periodically 
p l a c e s  b e f o r e  t h e  R i s k  M a n a g e m e n t 
Committee, the key risks and the risk 
assessment & mitigation procedures followed 
by the Company.
Certiﬁcate f rom Practicing Company 
Secretary
A certiﬁcate f rom Mr. Bhawika Ramnani 
(Membership No. FCS F11506), Practicing 
Company Secretary certifying that none of the 
directors of the Company have been debarred or 
d i s q u a l i ﬁ e d  f ro m  b e i n g  a p p o i n te d  o r 
continuing as director of company, by the SEBI 
or Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such 
statutory authority is attached and forms part of 
this report.
Total fees paid to Statutory Auditor
Total fees paid by the Company for the services 
rendered by the statutory auditor and to all the 
entities in network ﬁrm/network entity 
belonging to them, is Rs. 33.97 Lakh (includes 
Audit fees, certiﬁcation and other services).
Recommendation of the committees to the 
board
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, there were no 
such instances of non-acceptance by the Board 
of Directors of any recommendation made by 
the mandatory Committees.
Disclosure pertaining to Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
The details of the complaints pertaining to 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 
are as under:-
ParticularsS.N. No. of Complaints
1
2
3
Number of complaints ﬁled during the ﬁnancial year
Number of complaints disposed of during the ﬁnancial year
Number of complaints pending as on end of the ﬁnancial year
Nil
Nil
Nil
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 84 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
163 164
Details of utilization of funds raised through 
preferential allotment or qualiﬁed 
Institutions placement as speciﬁed under 
regulation 32(7A)
During the ﬁnancial year 2024-25, the Company 
raised the funds by issue of 12,02,300 (Twelve 
Lakh Two Thousand Three Hundred only) equity 
shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each (“Equity 
Shares”) of the Company at an issue price of Rs. 
3287/- (Rupees Three Thousand Two Hundred 
Eighty Seven Only) per equity shares inclusive of 
a premium of Rs. 3277/- (Rupees Three Thousand 
Two Hundred Seventy Seven Only) for an 
a g g r e g a t e  c o n s i d e r a t i o n  o f  u p t o  R s . 
395,19,60,100/- (Rupees Three Hundred Ninety 
Five Crore Nineteen Lakhs Sixty Thousand One 
H u n d r e d  O n l y )  o n  p r e f e r e n t i a l  b a s i s 
(“Preferential Issue”) to Non-Promotor entities. 
The Company allotted the said 12,02,300 (Twelve 
Lakh Two Thousand Three Hundred only) equity 
shares to the allottees on 11th December, 2024.
During the Financial year 2025-26, the entire 
funds were utilised for the purpose for which the 
same were raised as speciﬁed in the offer 
document and Explanatory Statement to 
Extraordinary General Meeting Notice. The 
necessary Certiﬁcate to this effect has been 
received from the Monitoring Agency, M/s. CARE 
Ratings Limited dated 15th May, 2026.
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015. As required under Regulation 9A of the 
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulation, 
2015 (as amended), Audit Committee of the 
Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed 
the Compliances with the provisions of these 
regulations and has also veriﬁed the internal 
control systems in this respect and the same are 
adequate and operating effectively. 
Code of Conduct 
The Board of Directors has laid down Code of 
Conduct for all the Board Members and Senior 
Management personnel of the Company. The 
code of conduct is posted on the website of the 
Company. All the Board members and Senior 
Management personnel have conﬁrmed 
compliance with the code for the year 2025-26. A 
declaration to that effect signed by the 
Managing Director is attached and forms part of 
this Report.
Disclosure of certain type of agreements 
binding on listed entities
T h e r e  a r e  n o  a g r e e m e n t  i m p a c t i n g 
management or control of the Company or 
imposing any restriction or create any liability 
upon the Company.
ParticularsRegulation Compliance status
(Yes/No)
Board of Directors
Maximum number of directorships
Audit Committee 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
Vigil mechanism
Related party transaction
Corporate governance requirement with respect to subsidiary of listed entity
Secretarial Audit and Secretarial compliance report
Obligations with respect to Independent Directors
Obligations with respect to employees including Senior Management, Key 
Managerial Persons, Directors and Promoters
Vacancies in respect of certain Key Managerial Personnel
Other Corporate Governance requirements
Website (Updation)
17
17A
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
24A
25
26
26A
27
46(2) (b) to (i)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
CEO/CFO Certiﬁcation
In terms of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of 
Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the 
Managing Director and the Chief Finance 
Ofﬁcer of the Company are required to issue 
certiﬁcation on internal controls over ﬁnancial 
reporting to the Board. The certiﬁcate for 
ﬁnancial year 2025-26 given by the Managing 
Director and the Chief Finance Ofﬁcer is 
annexed to this Report. The Managing Director 
and the Chief Finance Ofﬁcer also give quarterly 
certiﬁcation on ﬁnancial results to the Board in 
terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing 
Regulations is annexed to this Report.
Prevention of Insider Trading
As per the Securities and Exchange Board of 
I n d i a  ( Pro h i b i t i o n  o f  I n s i d e r  Tra d i n g ) 
Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to 
time), the Company has formulated and 
implemented a Code of Conduct for Regulating, 
Monitoring and Reporting of trading in 
securities of the Company by the Designated 
Persons and their immediate relatives. All the 
Designated Persons as deﬁned in the Code are 
governed by this Code. The Company has also 
formulated and uploaded on its website the 
code of conduct and code of fair disclosure for 
the prohibition of insider trading and 
unpublished price sensitive information as 
envisaged under the applicable Regulation of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Insolation Energy Limited
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Mansarovar, Jaipur – 302020, Rajasthan, India,
Phone: +91-141-2996001, 2996002
Email: cs@insolationenergy.in
Website: https://insolationenergy.in/
Registered ofﬁce
Mr. Nitesh Sharma
Company Secretary and Compliance Ofﬁcer, 
Phone: +91-9116122139
Email: cs@insolationenergy.in
Shareholders’ Queries:
Bigshare Services Private Limited
Registered Ofﬁce: Ofﬁce No S6-2, 6th ﬂoor Pinnacle Business Park, next to Ahura 
Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India
Tel.: 022-6263 8200
Registrar and Share transfer agent
Registered ofﬁce and Address for Correspondence
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 85 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
165 166
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To 
The Members,
Insolation Energy Limited
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension,
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 302029
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the 
Directors of Insolation Energy Limited having CIN L40104RJ2015PLC048445 and having registered 
ofﬁce at C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Mansarovar, Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302029 (hereinafter 
referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this 
Certiﬁcate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the veriﬁcations (including 
Directors Identiﬁcation Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary 
and explanations, representations furnished to us by the Company & its ofﬁcers, I hereby certify that 
none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 
31st March, 2026 have been debarred or disqualiﬁed from being appointed or continuing as Directors 
of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such 
other Statutory Authority:
S.N. Name of Director DIN Date of appointment
in the Company
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Vikas Jain
Manish Gupta
Payal Gupta
Akhilesh Kumar Jain
Pallavi Mishra
Ekta Jain
Shreemat Pandey
Rajiv Jain
Subir Bikas Mitra
Anil Kumar Gupta
00812760
02917023
09353350
03466588
06957894
09409513
00411662
11247215
08321265
03573328
15/10/2015
15/10/2015
15/12/2021
18/01/2022
05/04/2022
15/12/2021
05/02/2026
10/10/2025
14/07/2025
10/02/2024
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the 
responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
based on my veriﬁcation. This certiﬁcate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company nor of the efﬁciency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the 
affairs of the Company.
UDIN: F011506H001068837
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
For Bhawika Ramnani & Co.
Practicing Company Secretary
Firm’s U.C.N. S2023RJ949100
Firm’s PR Certiﬁcate No. 4803/2023
Bhawika Ramnani
Properitor
M. No. F11506
C.P. No.: 17473
DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT
As provided under Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the members of Board of 
Directors and Senior Management Personnel have afﬁrmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of 
Board of Directors and Senior Management for the year ended on 31st March, 2026.
Place: Jaipur
th
Date: 15  May, 2026
Vikas Jain
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
For INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 86 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
167 168
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
To,
The Board of Directors 
Insolation Energy Limited
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, 
Mansarovar, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India
A. CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO REGULATION 17(8) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD 
OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS), REGULATIONS, 2015
We, the undersigned, hereby certify that:
a. We have reviewed ﬁnancial statements and the cash ﬂow statement for the ﬁnancial year ended 
31st March, 2026 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:
1. These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or 
contain statements that might be misleading;
2. These statements together present a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and are in 
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b. To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the 
year are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.
c. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for ﬁnancial reporting 
and have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to 
ﬁnancial reporting. We have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee deﬁciencies in the 
design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have 
taken or proposed to be taken to rectify these deﬁciencies.
d. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee: 
1. signiﬁcant changes in internal control over ﬁnancial reporting during the year;
2. signiﬁcant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been 
disclosed in the notes to the ﬁnancial statements; and
3. instances of signiﬁcant fraud, if any, of which we have become aware and the involvement 
therein, if any, of the management or an employee having a signiﬁcant role in the Company’s 
internal control system over ﬁnancial reporting.
B. CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO REGULATION 33 (2) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD 
OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS), REGULATIONS, 2015
We hereby certify that the Standalone and Consolidated ﬁnancial results of the Company for quarter 
and ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2026, which are being placed before the Board for its approval, do 
not contain any false or misleading statement or ﬁgures and do not omit any material fact which may 
make the statements or ﬁgures contained therein misleading.
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members 
Insolation Energy Limited
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Insolation Energy 
Limited (“the Company”) for the ﬁnancial year ended on March 31st, 2026, as stipulated under 
Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of 
Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
The compliance with conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. 
Our examination has been limited to review the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by 
the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance as stipulated 
in the SEBI Listing Regulations. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and 
based on the representations made by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the 
Company has complied in all material respect with the conditions of Corporate Governance for the 
ﬁnancial year ended on March 31st, 2026 as speciﬁed under the applicable provisions of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company 
nor of the efﬁciency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the 
Company.
DISCLAIMER: The certiﬁcate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the 
purpose to enable the Company to comply with the requirement of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and 
it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or 
assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this 
certiﬁcate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.
UDIN: F011506H001068861
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
For Bhawika Ramnani & Co.
Practicing Company Secretary
Firm’s U.C.N. S2023RJ949100
Firm’s PR Certiﬁcate No. 4803/2023
Bhawika Ramnani
Properitor
M No. FCS 11506
C.P. No.: 17473
th
Date: 25  May, 2026
Place: Jaipur
(Ravi Dusad)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 87 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements(Annual Report 2025-26)
169 170
Location Number of Plants Number of o ces Total 
National 4 2 6
International 0 0 0  
19. Markets served by the entity:   
a. Number of locations 
Locations Number 
National (No. of States) 26 
International (No. of Countries) 0 
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity? NIL 
c. A brief on types of customers: The Company has established a strong presence in the solar energy industry, serving 
more than 40,000 customers through a robust network of over 1,000 channel partners across 250+ districts in India. 
Its diverse customer base includes residential, commercial, industrial, and institutional segments, reﬂecting the 
Company's commitment to delivering reliable and high-quality solar energy solutions. 
IV. Employees  
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year: 
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled): 
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY
REPORTING FOR  FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-26
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 
  I. Details of the listed entity 
1. 
2. Name of the Listed Entity Insolation Energy Limited 
3. Year of Incorporation 2015 
4. Registered O ce Address C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, 
Mansarovar, Jaipur - 302020, Rajasthan, India  
5. Corporate Address C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, 
Mansarovar, Jaipur - 302020, Rajasthan, India  
6. E-mail cs@insolationenergy.in 
7. Telephone 0141-2996001 
8. Website https://insolationenergy.in 
9. Financial Year for which reporting being is done 
10. 
11. Paid up Capital Rs. 22,04,49,375 /- (Rupees Twenty Two Crore
Four Lakh Forty Nine Thousand Three Hundred
Seventy Five Only)
12. 
Reporting Boundary (Standalone/Consolidated) The disclosures made in the BRSR Report are
 on the Consolidated basis. Here, it is referred
 to as “Company” or “Insolation”. 
14. Not Applicable 
15.  Not Applicable 
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover): 
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover): 
 
L40104RJ2015PLC048445  Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Company
2025-26
BSE Ltd. & National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.Name of the Stock Exchanges(s) where shares are listed 
Name: Nitesh Sharma 
Designation: Company Secretary & 
Compliance O cer 
Telephone: - 0141-2996001 
Email: cs@insolationenergy.in 
Name and contact details (telephone, e-mail address)
of the person who may be contacted in case of any
queries on the BRSR Report 
13.
Name of assurance provider  
Type of assurance obtained  
  II. Products/services 
S. No. % of Turnover of 
the entity 
1 Manufacturing Manufacturing of Solar Panel 99.08% 
Description of Main Activity Description of Business  
Activity 
S. No. Product/Service NIC Code % of total Turnover contributed 
1 Solar Module (Non conventional Energy apparatus)  
Manufacturing Unit 
35105 99.08% 
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/o ces of the entity are situated: 
  III. Operations 
S. No. Total (A) Male Female 
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) 
EMPLOYEES 
1. Permanent (D) 394 357 90.61% 37 9.39% 
2. Other than 
Permanent (E) 
0 0 0% 0 0% 
3. Total employees (D + E) 394 357 90.61% 37 9.39% 
WORKERS 
4. Permanent (F) 327 318 97.25% 9 2.75% 
5. Other than 
Permanent (G) 
753 751 99.73% 2 0.27% 
Particulars 
6. Total workers (F+ G) 1080 1069 98.98% 11 1.02% 
b. Differently abled Employees and workers: 
S. No. Total (A) Male Female 
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) 
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES 
1. Permanent (D) 0 0 0 0 0 
2. Other than 
Permanent (E) 
0 0 0 0 0 
3. Total differently abled
employees (D+ E) 
0 0 0 0 0
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS 
4. Permanent (F) 0 0 0 0 0 
5. Other than 
Permanent (G) 
0 0 0 0 0 
Particulars 
6. Total differently abled
workers (F + G) 
0 0 0 0 0
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women  
===== PAGE 88 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
171 172
Total (A) No. & percentage of Females 
No. (B) % (B / A) 
Board of Directors 10 3 30% 
Key Management Personnel 4 0 0% 
Notes: (I) KMPs are the Managing Director, Whole Time Director,  Chief Financial O cer and Company Secretary &
Compliance O cer.
st
(ii) The above details of BOD and KMP are as on 31  March 2026. 
 
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers (Disclose trends for the past 3 years) 
FY 2025-26 FY 2023-24 
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total 
Permanent
 Employees 
5.83% 3.77% 7.71% 12.0 % 10.00% 11.00% 0.33% 0.33% 0.66% 
Permanent
Workers 
9.59% 0.00% 9.59% 15.00% 13.00% 14.00% 0.21% 0.00% 0.21% 
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures) 
23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures 
S. No. Name of the holding/
subsidiary/associate 
companies / joint 
ventures (A) 
Indicate whether holding/
Subsidiary/ Associate/
Joint Venture 
% of shares held
by listed entity 
Does the entity indicated at
column A, participate in the
Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the listed entity?
(Yes/NO) 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Subsidiary
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
100.00
80.00
60.00
60.00
60.00
60.00
60.00
49.00
49.00
49.00
49.00
49.00
60.00
60.00
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
Insolation Green 
Energy Private Limited
Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra 
Three Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Four 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Five 
Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra 
Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj 
Project One Private 
Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj 
Project Two Private 
Limited
DRIPL Solar Raj 
Project Ten Private 
Limited
GCPL Solar Two 
Private Limited
MGPG Green Infra 
Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra 
Private Limited
FY 2024-25 
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
60.00
60.00
60.00
60.00
60.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
MGVJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
MVS Green Infra 
Private Limited
JRD Green Infra 
Private Limited
ENS Green Infra 
Private Limited
PED Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGVJ Green Infra One 
Private Limited
PED Green Infra One 
Private Limited
MVS Green Infra One 
Private Limited
JRD Green Infra One 
Private Limited
ENS Green Infra One 
Private Limited
MGPG Green Infra One 
Private Limited
MPNG Green Infra 
Private Limited
PRJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
VNPG Green Infra 
Private Limited
DGEJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
JEMP Green Infra 
Private Limited
NEPG Green Infra 
Private Limited
EVNJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
DMGN Green Infra 
Private Limited
NSJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
SRJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
MPGE Green Infra 
Private Limited
HVJN Green Infra 
Private Limited
GRJP Green Infra 
Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra One 
Private Limited
DEGP Green Infra 
Private Limited
EGPN Green Infra 
Private Limited
MJEV Green Infra 
Private Limited
PHDJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 89 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
173 174
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
JGVR Green Infra 
Private Limited
PDGN Green Infra 
Private Limited
RJGM Green Infra 
Private Limited
GRMJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGNJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
GRHE Green Infra 
Private Limited
DJEM Green Infra 
Private Limited
NRGE Green Infra 
Private Limited
HVGM Green Infra 
Private Limited
EGJP Green Infra 
Private Limited
GNHR Green Infra 
Private Limited
PEMJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
VJNR Green Infra 
Private Limited
JRGM Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGJN Green Infra 
Private Limited
JHVG Green Infra 
Private Limited
PRGE Green Infra 
Private Limited
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
Step Down Subsidiary
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
NRJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
GNVP Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGPE Green Infra 
Private Limited
PRMJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
NVJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
PGNJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
SRGE Green Infra 
Private Limited
DJRG Green Infra 
Private Limited
HEPJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
RDPJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
VJPG Green Infra 
Private Limited
EGJM Green Infra 
Private Limited
VEMJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
GNPR Green Infra 
Private Limited
PJGN Green Infra 
Private Limited
DVJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
GDRV Green Infra 
Private Limited
GNJM Green Infra 
Private Limited
GVHJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
HPJG Green Infra 
Private Limited
PDJN Green Infra 
Private Limited
EGHR Green Infra 
Private Limited
JENP Green Infra 
Private Limited
VJEG Green Infra 
Private Limited
NGRJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
MGJR Green Infra 
Private Limited
EGRJ Green Infra 
Private Limited
GJPN Green Infra 
Private Limited
HGJP Green Infra 
Private Limited
Note 1 - From Sr. No. 8 to 12, all companies are Associate Companies of the Company. Insolation Green Infra Private Limited, 
a Subsidiary of the Company, holds 49% stake in each of the aforesaid Associate companies.
Note 2 - From Sr. No. 13 to 19, all companies are step down subsidiaries of the Company. Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited, a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company, holds 60% stake in aforesaid step down subsidiary companies.
Note  - From Sr. No.  to 89, all companies are step down subsidiaries of the Company. Insolation Green Energy Private 3 20
Limited, a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company, holds 100% stake in aforesaid step down subsidiary companies. 
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes
 (ii) Turnover (in Rs.): Rs. 9,802.52 Lakhs
 (iii) Net worth (in Rs.): Rs. 44,185.98 Lakhs 
 (IV) Total CSR Spent (in Rs.): Rs. 10.50 Lakhs
* We have mentioned the CSR detail on standalone basis.
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 90 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
175 176
Stakeholder 
group from
whom  
complaint is
received 
Grievance
Redressal
Mechanism 
in Place
(Yes/No)
(If  Yes, then  
provide  
web-link for  
grievance  
redress  
policy) 
FY 2025-26 Current 
Financial Year  
FY 2024-25  
Previous Financial Year  
Number of
complaints 
ﬁled 
during the
year 
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution  
at close of 
the year 
Number of
complaint
 ﬁled  
during the 
year  
Number of
complaints
pending
resolution  
at close of 
the year  
Communities  Yes 0 0 - 0 0 -
Remarks  Remarks  
Investors
(other  than
shareholders) 
Shareholders
 
Employees
and workers
Customers 
Value Chain 
Partners 
Other (please
specify)  
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
None 
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
-
All the
complaints
duly
resolved by
Company
-
-
-
-
0
0
0
0
0
-
0
0
0
0
0
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
If yes then provide web link for grievance redressal policy: https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
 
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues. Please indicate material responsible 
business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an 
opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its 
ﬁnancial implications, as per the following format
Material issued
identiﬁed
Indicate
whether risk
or opportunity
(R/O)
Water
Conservation
and
Management
Risk
Sr. No. Rationale for
identifying the
risk/opportunity
Financial implications
of the risk or opportunity
(Indicate positive or
negative implications)
1 We invest in 
water-saving 
technologies
and advanced 
cleaning methods,
including robotic 
cleaning 
techniques
at our operational 
locations. 
Additionally, we 
also conduct 
water
use assessments 
to improve the 
e ciency of our 
water 
Negative
In case of risk,
approach to
adapt or mitigate
High water 
consumption
without adequate 
replenishment
measures can 
increase the
company’s 
operational costs 
and reduce overall 
e ciency.
Social and
environmental
compliance
Waste and
Hazardous
Materials
Management
Human Capital 
Development
Risk
Risk
Risk
2
3
4
management
initiatives. We aim 
to implement
robotic cleaning 
to prevent using
freshwater for 
module cleaning 
at all upcoming 
locations.
To ensure social 
and 
environmental 
compliance.
Company have a 
well-established 
waste 
management 
practice in place 
which ensure the 
appropriate waste 
disposal as per 
the waste 
category deﬁned 
by the State 
Pollution Control 
Board.
• Company 
meticulously 
identiﬁes training 
needs by 
assessing 
competency 
through forms and 
one-on-one 
discussions, 
which inform the 
creation of 
Individual 
Development 
Plans (IDPs)
• Company 
proactively plan 
the workforce 
requirements by 
meeting with 
department heads 
Negative
Negative
Negative
Compliance with
laws and 
regulations
Inadequate waste 
management 
practices can 
lead to the 
wastage of 
resources, 
increasing the 
operational cost
and reducing 
overall e ciency. 
It can also pose 
health and safety 
risks to 
employees, 
nearby 
communities, and 
the environment, 
potentially 
leading to legal 
liabilities and 
negative public 
perception.
Insu cient 
training and 
development can 
lead to 
insu cient skills 
and knowledge for 
the future, thus 
hampering the 
growth of the 
employees and 
company growth. 
Poor workforce 
planning and 
persistent talent 
gaps in high 
growth areas can 
lead to an 
overreliance on 
existing staff to 
pick up the slack, 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 91 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
177 178
Employee 
Engagement
Data security, 
privacy, and 
cybersecurity
Opportunity
Risk
Opportunity
Risk
5
6
and key 
stakeholders to 
gather input and 
identify gaps in 
our current 
organisational 
structure.
• A strategic 
workforce plan is 
developed to help 
us make informed 
decisions about 
talent acquisition 
and retention
-
Company well-
rounded employee 
engagement and 
satisfaction 
approach includes 
ﬁnancial, health, 
wellness, and 
family beneﬁts.
-
Company’s IT 
team ensures 
continuous 
monitoring of our 
Positive
Negative
Positive
Negative
which can cause 
employee stress, 
burnout, and 
turnover.
Training 
employees can 
lead to employee 
growth, retention, 
and increased 
productivity, thus 
lowering 
production costs. 
Capability gaps 
can be closed 
through detailed 
future workforce 
scenario analysis 
and forecasting 
workforce 
requirements 
based on the 
business strategy.
Low employee 
engagement can 
make employees 
feel less valued, 
leading to lower 
productivity or 
high attrition.
Improving 
employee 
engagement by 
providing fair 
remuneration, 
social security, 
job security, and 
well-being 
measures can 
increase 
productivity.
Cyber-attacks 
result in leaks, 
thefts, or losses 
of customer (B2B) 
Customer
Opportunity
Skill
Development
Operational 
E ciency and 
New Business 
Opportunities
Product Quality
Opportunity
Opportunity
Opportunity
Opportunity
Opportunity
7
8
9
10
cybersecurity 
system, enabling 
us to detect and 
respond to any 
security incidents.
-
-
-
-
-
Positive
Positive
Positive
Positive
Positive
data that can lead 
to reputational 
damage.
Leveraging new 
technologies can 
prevent cyber-
attacks and train 
employees 
periodically.
Customer 
relationship 
Management 
plays a signiﬁcant 
role in our 
business 
operations.
Creating a best 
employee 
experience and 
gaining 
recognition as 
one of the good 
employers in our 
main operating
areas will aid us in 
attracting, hiring, 
and retaining 
talented
individuals.
Technological 
advancements 
can increase 
e ciency. 
Innovative 
solutions lead to 
cost reductions, 
create new job 
opportunities, 
manage 
competition, and 
ensure long term 
success.
Continuously 
reﬁning and 
enhancing 
product quality 
through active
feedback 
collection 
presents a 
signiﬁcant 
opportunity for 
us. By prioritizing 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 92 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
179 180
Business
Ethics and
Transparency
Risk
Opportunity
11 • Company 
maintain regular 
communication 
with all 
stakeholder 
groups through 
our 
comprehensive 
stakeholder 
engagement 
process. All our 
stakeholders are 
updated on the 
company’s 
performance 
through Annual 
Report, by 
disclosing of 
Quarterly, Half 
Yearly and Yearly 
results on Stock 
Exchange and 
Company website.
• Company have 
stringent policies 
and whistleblower 
mechanisms to 
prevent unethical 
business 
practices.
-
Negative
Positive
customer and 
stakeholder input,
the Company can 
identify areas for 
improvement, 
address potential 
issues 
proactively, and 
ensure that its 
products 
consistently meet 
or exceed market 
expectations.
Delayed or 
inadequate 
disclosure of 
evidence of 
corrupt practices 
and 
anticompetitive 
behavior may 
pose regulatory, 
reputational, and 
legal risks and 
can lead to 
exclusion from 
contracts. 
Exclusion may 
further affect the 
company’s future 
earnings, 
increasing the 
risk premium the
company must 
pay for debt or 
equity.
Adhering to 
relevant laws and 
promoting fair 
business 
practices can 
enhance the 
company’s 
reputation, while 
strategic 
partnerships can 
lead to synergies, 
Corporate
Governance
Organisational
Culture
Risk
Management
Supply Chain
Management
Risk
Opportunity
Opportunity
Risk
12
13
14
15
Your Company 
have a strong 
governance 
framework led by 
a diverse board of 
directors and an 
experienced 
leadership team. 
We ensure 
diversity among 
board members, 
with 50% 
independent 
directors.
-
-
Company assess 
the suppliers’ ESG 
performance 
while considering 
Negative
Positive
Positive
Negative
increased market 
access, and 
shared resources, 
fostering a more 
sustainable and 
competitive 
business 
environment.
A weak 
governance 
structure can lead 
to corrupt 
practices, 
negatively 
impacting the 
reputation, 
employee morale 
and productivity. 
Poor governance 
may also result in 
investor mistrust 
impacting long 
term ﬁnancial 
health of 
Company.
 A collaborative 
organizational 
culture can 
encourage 
employees to 
share ideas, 
improving loyalty 
and
satisfaction.
Enhanced risk 
awareness and 
emergency 
preparedness can 
help foresee risks 
that may emerge 
due to climate 
change, 
regulations, and 
geopolitical 
developments. 
Mitigating these 
risks can ensure 
business
continuity, strong 
ﬁnancial 
performance, and 
regulatory 
resilience.
Raw materials 
often have 
environmental 
and social 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 93 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
181 182
Innovation and
R&D
Opportunity16
country-speciﬁc, 
commodity 
speciﬁc, and 
sector-speciﬁc 
risks.
- Positive
externalities and 
can disrupt 
operations due to 
community 
protests, legal or 
regulatory action 
and increased 
cost of 
extraction. Cases 
of child labour 
and forced labour 
or any other 
human rights-
related aspects 
across the 
organisation may 
lead to statutory 
violations.
Investing in 
research and 
development, 
product testing, 
and continuous 
improvement can 
lead to innovative 
products that 
meet customers' 
needs and exceed 
their 
expectations.
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards 
adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Principles and Abbreviations:
P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is   Ethical,  
Transparent and Accountable
P2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3: Business should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value  chains
P4: Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive to all its stakeholders
P5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
P7: Businesses, when engaging in inﬂuencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible 
and transparent
P8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
P1
1. a. Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover each 
principle and its core elements of the NGRBCs. 
(Yes/No) 
b. Has the policy been approved by the Board?              
(Yes/No)  
c. Web Link of the Policies, if available
2. Whether the entity has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes / No)
3. Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain 
partners? (Yes/No)  
4. Name of the national and international 
codes/certiﬁcations/labels/ standards (e.g. Forest 
Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, 
Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) 
adopted by your entity and mapped to each principle. 
 
5. Speciﬁc commitments, goals and targets set by the 
entity with deﬁned timelines, if any. 
6. Performance of the entity against the speciﬁc 
commitments, goals and targets along-with reasons 
in case the same are not met. 
Disclosure Questions 
Yes
Yes
https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
Yes
 
 Yes
 
The Company's policies are aligned with the applicable 
principles of the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct (NGRBC). The Company has 
adopted and complies with internationally recognized 
management systems and product standards, as 
applicable, including ISO 9001 (Quality Management 
Standard), ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental 
Management System), ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational 
Health and Safety Management System), as well as 
BIS, IEC, ALMM, UL, CE, and TUV NORD certiﬁcations 
for its products and operations.
Company is committed to expanding market presence 
through continuous technological advancements and 
strategic partnerships which is well aligned with the 
company's purpose, guided by strong governance and 
sustainability.
Company had worked to embed this sustainability 
commitment into our strategy, our business 
processes and decision-making.
We are progressing well on all our key material topics.
P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes 
Governance, leadership and oversight 
7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, 
targets and achievements (listed entity has ﬂexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure) 
Dear Stakeholders,
I am pleased to present the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of Insolation Energy Limited, which 
rea rms our deep commitment to sustainability and to the principles of Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG) principles.
Environmental Responsibility: The company understand the critical importance of minimizing our ecological 
footprint and actively contributing to a sustainable future. As a renewable energy company, our core business 
model is inherently aligned with environmental stewardship. However, we continuously strive to enhance our 
environmental performance through innovation, e ciency, and responsible resource management. 
Social Responsibility: Our engagement with local communities has long been a cornerstone of our growth journey. 
One of the key challenges we continue to address is ensuring that our social impact initiatives result in sustained, 
long-term beneﬁts for the communities in which we operate. To this end, we are focused on capacity-building 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 94 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
183 184
initiatives, including livelihood enhancement for local residents. These efforts are guided by a commitment to 
inclusive growth and social equity.
Governance: Transparent and ethical governance is the bedrock of our business operations. Maintaining a high 
standard of corporate governance across a diverse portfolio spread over hundreds of decentralized and often 
remote operating locations is always a critical challenge. We take pride that our Company has consistently and 
successfully maintained a robust governance framework, with all our projects adhering to stringent regulatory and 
compliance standards. Looking ahead, we are committed to continual improvement to raise the bar even higher. 
In conclusion, our Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report underscores our unwavering dedication to 
ESG principles and our mission to create lasting positive impact. We remain steadfast in our pursuit of 
sustainability and are conﬁdent that, together with your continued support, we can pave the way for a greener, 
more inclusive, and responsible future for generations to come.
8. Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementation and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies). 
9. Does the entity have a speciﬁed Committee of the 
Board/ Director responsible for decision making on 
sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide 
details. 
Mr. Manish Gupta Chairman & Wholetime Director 
(DIN: 02917023) and Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) 
Managing Director oversees the implementation in 
consultation with various functional heads. 
The relevant policies are implemented and 
administered by the respective Departmental Heads 
under the overall supervision of the Management. The 
Management is responsible for monitoring, reviewing, 
and overseeing the effective implementation of these 
policies across the Company.
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:  
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was
undertaken by Director / Committee
of the Board/ Any other Committee 
Frequency (Annually/  Half yearly/
Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)  
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action
 
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance 
to the principles, and, 
rectiﬁcation of any non-
compliances
All the policies of the Company are approved by the Board and reviewed 
periodically or on a need basis by the Managing Director as a part of ESG review. 
During the review, the effectiveness of the Policies is evaluated and necessary 
amendments to Policies and procedures are implemented.
The Company complies with the extant regulations and principles as are 
applicable.
P111. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/
evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.
P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No" i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Regularly, the Board of Directors and Management
assess the Company’s compliance with its established
policies.
P1
The entity does not consider the Principles material to 
its business (Yes/No)  
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
formulate and implement the policies on speciﬁed 
principles (Yes/No)  
The entity does not have the ﬁnancial or/human and 
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)  
Questions 
Not Applicable
P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
It is planned to be done in the next ﬁnancial year 
(Yes/No)  
  Any other reason (please specify)  
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the 
Principles and Core Elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is 
categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership”. While the essential indicators are expected to be 
disclosed by every entity that is mandated to ﬁle this report, the leadership indicators may be 
voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to a higher level in their quest to be socially, 
environmentally and ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESS SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH 
INTEGRITY, AND IN A MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during 
the ﬁnancial year:
Segment Total number of training
and awareness
programmes held
Topics / principles
covered under the
training and its impact
%age of person in respective
category covered by the
awareness programmes
5 Organizational 
Performance, RPT 
Framework, Board 
Effectiveness, Code of 
Conduct and Code of Fair 
Disclosure for the 
prohibition of Insider
Trading and unpublished 
price sensitive 
information.
Impact: Improved 
organizational alignment 
with ESG governance 
practices, driven by 
enhanced awareness and 
capacity building through 
training initiatives.
Organizational 
Performance, RPT 
Framework, Board 
Effectiveness and Code 
of Conduct and Code of 
Fair Disclosure for the 
prohibition of Insider
Trading and unpublished 
price sensitive 
100%Board of 
Directors
Key Managerial 
Personnel
100%5
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 95 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
185 186
2. Details of ﬁnes / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in 
proceedings (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial 
institutions, in the ﬁnancial year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the 
basis of materiality as speciﬁed in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions
Brief of
the Case
Amount
(In INR)
Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine
Settlement
Compounding fee
Monetary
Nil
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions
Brief of
the Case
Has an appeal
been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Non-Monetary
information.
Impact: Improved 
organizational alignment 
with ESG governance 
practices, driven by 
enhanced awareness and 
capacity building through 
training initiatives
POSH, Presentation 
Skills, Plant Visit, 
Induction, Team Building, 
Code of Conduct, 
Conducting training & 
grooming sessions, ERP 
training, Hazard 
Identiﬁcation and Risk 
Assessment, Human 
Rights, Anti-Corruption, 
Anti-Bribery and Conﬂict 
of Interest, Plant 
Performance, Project 
Management, Team 
building activities, Health 
and well being activities.
Impact: Strengthened 
adherence to ESG 
governance practices 
across the organization 
through targeted 
awareness and capacity-
building initiatives.
Safety trainings.
Employees other 
than BoD and 
KMPs
Workers
16
12
100%
100%
Imprisonment
Punishment Nil
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in 
cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Not Applicable
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and 
if available, provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes, the Company's Code of Business Ethics includes a clear mandate against corruption and 
bribery. The Company adopts a zero-tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption, 
committed to acting professionally, fairly, and with integrity in all its business dealings across all 
verticals. The Policy link is https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by 
any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption: 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Directors 
KMPs 
Employees  
Workers 
Nil
6. Details of complaints with regard to conﬂict of interest:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Number of complaints received in 
relation to issues of Conﬂict of Interest of 
the Directors
Number of Complaints received in 
relation to issues of Conﬂict of Interest of 
KMPs
Nil
Number  Remarks Number  Remarks
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to ﬁnes / penalties / 
action taken by regulators/law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption 
and conﬂicts of interest.: Not Applicable (No such cases on corruption and conﬂicts of interest)
8. Number of days of (accounts payable *365)/cost of goods /services procured in the following 
format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Number of days accounts payables 24.8740.05
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 96 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
187 188
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Concentration
of purchases
1.28%
365
0.96%
11.61%
82
10.33%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
91.48%
MetricsParameter
a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchases
b. Number of trading houses where purchases are 
made from
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total 
purchases  from trading houses
a. Sales to dealers /distributers as % of total sales
b. number of distributers /dealers to whom sales are 
made
c. sales to top 10 dealers as % of total sales to 
dealers/distributers
a. Purchases(Purchases with related parties/total 
purchases)
b. Sales(Sales to related parties/Total purchases)
c. Loans and advances(Loans and advances given to 
related parties/ Total Loans and Advances)
d. Investments (Investments in related parties/ Total 
Investments made)
Concentration
of sales
Shares of
RPTs in
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during 
the ﬁnancial year:
Topics/Principles covered
under the training
% age of value chain partners covered(by value of
business done with such partners) under the
awareness programmes
Total Number of Awareness
Programmes held
1 Supplier's Code of Conduct 100
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conﬂict of interests involving 
members of the board? (YES/NO) if Yes, provide details of the same: 
Yes, Company has a well-established and approved policies such as the Code of Conduct for 
Directors and Senior Management, available on company’s website. This policy applies to all 
individuals working for the Company (any existing or new entities under INA Group) at all levels and 
grades. This includes directors, senior management, o cers, employees (whether permanent or 
other than permanent), Key Managerial Personnel, consultants, contractors, trainees, casual 
workers and agency staff, volunteers, interns, agents, sponsors, or any other person associated 
with the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or their employees, wherever located. It deﬁnes a 
conﬂict of interest as any situation where a member’s private interest interferes or appears to 
interfere with the company’s interests. It explicitly outlines expectations for members to act in the 
9. Open-ness of business        
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related 
parties along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties in the following format:  
1.15%
134
0.97%
12.44%
93
10.43%
4.21%
3.51%
10.78%
87.46%
best interests of the company, free from external inﬂuences. Employees including Key 
Management Personnel of Company shall always act in the company’s best interests and ensure 
that any business or personal association including close personal relationships which they may 
have, does not create a Conﬂict of Interest with their roles and duties in the company or the 
operations of the company. Further, employees shall not engage in any business, relationship or 
activity, which might conﬂict with the interest of the company. Moreover, the directors, on an 
annual basis, also declare their interest in other entities, so that the Company can map and track 
the transactions with entities in which Directors are interested. 
PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT 
IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (Capex) investments in speciﬁc technologies to 
improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex 
investments made by the entity, respectively.
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
The Company focuses on reduced use of toxic substances, conservation of natural resources, 
minimisation of waste generation & release of pollutants/emissions, maximising reusability and 
recyclability across value chain, prohibiting the use of forced, child labor, complying with 
applicable wage and hour laws, ensuring safe and healthy working environment for employees/ 
workers. ensuring safe/ clean/ secure accommodation to employees/workers, ensuring no 
discrimination on basis of race/ color/ gender/ age/ nationality/ religion/ sexual orientation/ 
marital status/ citizenship/ disability/medical condition and community welfare. 
     
b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
We are constantly working to maintain 100% sourcing.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and 
FY 2024-25
(previous ﬁnancial year)
Details of improvements in environmental and
social impacts
R&D
Capex
FY 2025-26
(current ﬁnancial year)
0.00%
31.98% 
This represents the total R&D expense 
incurred by the Company which also includes 
investments in speciﬁc technologies to 
improve the Environmental and Social 
impacts.
Power Generation from solar PV modules i.e 
sunlight does not produce harmful carbon 
dioxide emission that leads to climate change.
0.00083%
- 
(Rs in Lakh)
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 97 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
189 190
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Indicate output material Recycled or re-used input materials to the total material
Not Applicable Nil Nil
disposing at the end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste 
and (d) other waste.
Yes, our product is completely recyclable as we can segregate Aluminium, glass, solar cells and 
encapsulation after end of product end of life. 
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / 
No). If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility 
(EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
Yes. Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to Company for Plastic waste 
management, The waste Management procedures adhere to the principles of Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) guidelines and the waste is appropriately handled by authorized third-party 
vendors. Efforts are being made to develop strategies that enhance waste management 
e ciency and effectiveness.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
Name of
Product /
Service 
% of total
Turnover
contributed 
NIC Code 
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production 
(for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry)
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products 
(for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in 
the following format?
Boundary for which the
Life Cycle Perspective /
Assessment was conducted 
Whether conducted by
independent external
agency (Yes/No) 
Results communicated in public
domain (Yes/No) If yes, provide
the web-link.
In today’s world, Access to reliable electric power is now considered as one of the basic necessity 
for society and human development. Environmental concerns have been incorporated in the 
design and business by adopting criteria for site selection. At all the project sites of the Company, 
conformance to environmental norms, safety, occupational health of the employees (permanent 
/ contract) is considered a priority. The Company is working towards zero incidents across all 
plants. The Company also has Risk Identiﬁcation and management framework across all 
operations and corporate o ce.
2. If there are any signiﬁcant social or environmental concern and/or risks arising from production 
or disposal of your products / services, as identiﬁed in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments 
(LCA) or through any other means, brieﬂy describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate 
the same. 
Description of the risk/
concern
Action TakenName of product/service
Nil Nil Nil
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) 
reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Re-used  Recycled  SafelyDisposed  Re-used  Recycled  SafelyDisposed
Plastic
(including
packaging)
E-waste
Hazardous
waste
Other waste
Nil Hazard waste,  Nil E waste and plastic waste is 100% recycled.
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each 
product category. 
Indicated product strategy  Reclaimed product and their packaging materials as% of total products sold
in respective category
Nil Nil
PRINCIPLE 3: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF 
ALL EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING THOSE IN THEIR VALUE CHAINS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
 
 
 
Category  
% of employees covered by  
Total 
(A)  
Health 
insurance  
Accident 
insurance  
Maternity 
beneﬁts 
Paternity 
Beneﬁts 
Day Care 
facilities 
Number 
(B)  
% (B 
/ A)  
Number 
(C)  
% 
(C 
/ 
A) 
Number 
(D) 
% (D 
/ A) 
Number 
(E) 
% (E 
/ A) 
Number 
(F) 
% 
(F 
/ 
A) 
Permanent employees 
Male  357  357  100%  0  0 0 0% 357 100% 0 0 
Female  37  37  100%  0  0 37 100% 0 0% 0 0 
Total  394  394  100%  0  0 37 9.39% 357 90.61% 0 0 
Other than Permanent employees 
Male  0  0  0  0  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Female  0  0  0  0  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Total  0  0  0  0  0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 98 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
191 192
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including  permanent 
and other than permanent) in the following format :-
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Cost incurred on well being measures as a%
of total revenue of the company 0.11% 0.07%
2.Details of retirement beneﬁts, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Beneﬁts
No. of employees
covered as a % of
total employees 
No. of workers
covered as a %
of total workers 
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.) 
No. of employees
covered as a %
of total
employees 
No. of workers
covered as a %
of total workers 
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF
Gratuity
ESI
Other –
please
specify
100%
100%
100%
Nill
100%
100%
100%
Nill
Y
N.A.
Y
Nill
100%
100%
100%
Nill
100%
100%
100%
Nill
Y
NA
Y
Nill
abled staff and visitors.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities 
Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy.
The Company encourages diversity in the workplace. Insolation Energy Limited is an Equal 
Opportunity Employer and does not follow or support any discrimination based on caste, gender, 
sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity or physical disabilities. All employees are expected to be 
respectful towards each other and not promote or tolerate any form of discrimination. The Policy 
can be accessed here: https://insolationenergy.in/investors/policy 
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental 
leave.
Permanent employees Permanent workersGender
Return to work rate  Retention rate
Male
Female
Total
NA
NA
NA
Return to work rate  Retention rate
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
 
 
Category  
% of worker scovered by  
Total 
(A)  
Health 
insurance  
Accident 
insurance  
Maternity 
beneﬁts 
Paternity 
Beneﬁts 
Day Care 
facilities 
Number 
(B)  
% (B 
/ A)  
Number 
(C) 
% 
(C 
/ 
A) 
Number 
(D)  
% (D / 
A) 
Number 
(E) 
% (E / 
A) 
Number 
(F) 
% 
(F 
/ 
A) 
Permanent worker 
Male  318 318 100%  0 0% 0 0% 318 100% 0 0% 
Female  9  9  100%  0 0% 9 100% 0 0% 0 0% 
Total  327  327  100%  0 0% 9 2.75% 318 97.25% 0 0% 
Other than Permanent worker 
Male  751  751  100%  0 0% 0 0% 751  100% 0 0% 
Female  2  2  100%  0 0% 2 100% 0 0% 0 0% 
Total  753  753  100%  0 0% 2 0.27 % 751 99.73% 0 0% 
6. Is there mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories 
of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Indicated product strategy Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers
Other than Permanent Workers
Permanent Employees
Other than Permanent Employees
• HR Department 
• Reporting Manager 
• Ethics/Whistleblower mechanism 
• Internal grievance redressal process
Suggestion box is provided at workplace and also HR department is 
there to receive and redress the Grievances.
• HR Department 
• Reporting Manager 
• Ethics/Whistleblower mechanism 
• Internal grievance redressal process
Suggestion box is provided at workplace and also HR department is 
there to receive and redress the Grievances.
3. Accessibility of workplaces
Are the premises / o ces of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as 
per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps 
are being taken by the entity in this regard.
The Company is committed to embracing inclusion and diversity in its campuses. The Company’s 
facilities have the necessary infrastructure in place to ensure access and inclusion for differently 
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or recognised by the listed entity:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Category
Total employees /
workers in
respective 
category (A) 
No. of employees
/workers
respective
category, who are
part of association
(s) or Union (B) 
% (B / A) Total employees /
workers in
respective
category (C) 
No. of employees
/ workers
respective
category, who are
part of association
(s) or Union (D) %
(D / C)
Total Permanent
employees
394 - - - -139
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 99 =====
10. Health and safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the 
entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage such system?
Yes, the Company has implemented an Occupational Health and Safety Management System 
across its manufacturing facilities to promote a safe and healthy workplace. The plants are 
equipped with essential ﬁre safety infrastructure, including ﬁre and smoke detectors, ﬁre 
extinguishers, and sprinkler systems, which are regularly inspected and maintained through 
deﬁned maintenance processes. Drinking water quality is periodically tested through approved 
laboratories, and air quality assessments are conducted at regular intervals. Each facility is 
equipped with ﬁrst aid facilities, wheelchairs, and foldable stretchers to address emergency 
situations. Emergency contact details for relevant authorities, including police, ambulance, 
hospitals, and facility management, are displayed prominently at the workplace.
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and 
non-routine basis by the entity?
The Company has an internal team that conducts periodic risk assessments, workplace 
inspections, Job Safety Analysis (JSA), Hazard Identiﬁcation and Risk Assessment.
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove 
themselves from such risks. (Yes/No) 
Yes, Ensuring the reporting of workplace hazards is paramount for improving Health & Safety 
performance. We actively encourage all personnel involved in project execution, to identify and 
report hazards whenever they arise.
d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and 
healthcare services? (Yes/ No)
Yes, the permanent employees and contract labour have access to non-occupational medical and 
healthcare services.
(Annual Report 2025-26)
193 194
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Category
Total employees /
workers in
respective 
category (A) 
No. of employees
/workers
respective
category, who are
part of association
(s) or Union (B) 
% (B / A) Total employees /
workers in
respective
category (C) 
No. of employees
/ workers
respective
category, who are
part of association
(s) or Union (D) %
(D / C)
Male
Female
Total Permanent
Workers
Male
Female
357
37
327
318
9
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
121
18
106
99
7
8.  Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category  FY  2025-26 FY 2024-25 Total 
(A)  
On Health and 
safety 
measures  
On Skill 
upgradation  
Total 
(D) 
On Health and 
safety measures 
On Skill 
upgradation 
No. 
(B)  
% (B / 
A)  
No. 
(C)  
% (C / 
A) 
No. (E) % (E / D) No. 
(F) 
% (F / 
D) 
Employees
Male  357 357 100% 320 89.64 %
Female  37  37  100%  37  100%  
Total  394  394  100%  357  90.61 % 
Workers  
Male  318  318  100%  290 91.19%  
Female  9  9  100%  9  100%  
Total  327  327  100%  299 91.44 % 
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
We have a robust performance management process which includes a comprehensive strategy 
designed to cater to employee aspirations. The process allows for performance and career 
development communication between employees and their managers. It also assists employees 
in developing a career plan and facilitating growth across the organization. Several mechanisms 
have been developed to enable communication and feedback while balancing past performance 
and future expectations.
 
121
18  
139
99  
7  
106  
121
18  
139  
99  
7  
106  
100%
100%  
100%  
100%  
100%  
100%  
96
18  
114  
80  
7  
87  
 
79.34 % 
100%  
82.01 % 
80.81 % 
100%  
82.08 % 
Category  FY  2025-26 FY 2024-25 
 Total 
(A)  
No. (B)  % (B / A)  Total (C)  No. (D) % (D / C) 
Employees  
Male   100%  100% 
Female  100%  100% 
Total   100%  100% 
121
18  
139
121  
18  
139  
357
37  
394
357
37  
394
Workers  
Male  100%  100% 
Female  100%  100% 
Total  
99  
7  
106 
99  
7  
106  100%  100% 
318  
9  
327
318  
9  
327
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Lost Time injury Frequency Rate
(LTIFR) (per one million-person
hours worked)
-
-
Safety Incident/Number Category*
Employees
Workers
-
-
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 100 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
195 196
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been 
deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.
Company carries out regular reviews and checks to ensure compliance with statutory obligations 
pertaining to employees in our value chain, including the minimum wages and social security 
beneﬁts.
 
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related 
injury / ill-health / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are 
rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in 
suitable employment:
* Including in the contract workforce
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
Your Company is committed to improving employee safety, health, and well-being by identifying, 
assessing, and mitigating all risks and hazards. Time to time safety training provided to employees 
and learned staff are taken to make the workplace safe and healthy. We have safety measures on all 
the machines to prevent accidents.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Working Conditions
Health & Safety
Nil
Pending resolution
at the end of year 
RemarksFiled during
the year 
Pending resolution
at the end of year 
RemarksFiled during
the year 
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and o ces that were assessed (by entity or statutory
authorities or third parties) 
Health and safety practices 
Working Conditions
The company periodically reviews and assesses the effectiveness of health
and safety practices, working conditions of its o ces on 100% basis. No
assessment has been done by statutory authorities or third parties.
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents 
(if any) and on signiﬁcant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices 
and working conditions.
Time to time safety training provided to employees to make the workplace safe and healthy. We 
have safety measures on all the machines to prevent accidents.
No material safety incidents occurred during the reporting period. The Company continues to 
implement preventive safety measures, periodic audits, training programmes and risk 
assessments to strengthen workplace safety.
LEADERSHIP INDICATOR
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of 
(A) Employees (Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N). Yes, to provide protection and assistance to the employees 
in times of uncertainty and distress, Company have implemented a insurance policy. Its purpose is 
to safeguard and support employees during unfortunate circumstances. 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Employees
workers
Total no of affected employees/workers Number of employees/workers that are
rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment
or whose family members have been placed in
suitable employment
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and 
the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? 
(Yes/ No) 
Yes, the Company provides training and career development opportunities to its employees which 
allows them smooth transition into different career ﬁelds.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
 % of value chain partners(by value of business done with such partners) that
were assessed
Health and safety practices 
Working Conditions
We expect our partners to comply with government policies related to health
and safety & working condition.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value 
chain partners.
During the reporting period, no signiﬁcant risks/concerns were identiﬁed from assessments of 
health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
PRINCIPLE 4: BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO 
ALL ITS STAKEHOLDERS
Total recordable work-related injuries
No. of fatalities
High consequence work-related
injury or ill-health (excluding fatalities)
-
-
-
-
-
-
Employees
Workers
Employees
Workers
Employees
Workers
-
-
-
-
-
-
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 101 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
197 198
Customers / 
Clients
Suppliers / 
Subcontractors
Employees & 
workforce
Stakeholder
Group 
Whether
identiﬁed
as vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/No) 
Channels of
communication (Email,
SMS, Newspaper,
Pamphlets,
Advertisement,
Community Meetings,
Notice Board, Website),
Other 
Frequency of
engagement
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly/
others –please
specify) 
Purpose and scope
of engagement
including key topics
and concerns raised
during such
engagement
No
No
No
Business Meetings, 
Grievance redressal 
mechanism, Media 
platforms, client 
satisfaction survey.
One on one engagement 
continuously to fulﬁl the 
requirements and 
resolve the issues.
Direct interaction, 
Feedback, regular 
communications, 
newsletter, 
departmental, meetings, 
training programs, and 
Employee engagement 
programmes.
Need Based
Need Based
Regular
Customer satisfaction 
and feedback, project 
delivery, timeline, Timely 
and proactive 
communication on 
reconciliation and 
settlements.
Need and expectation, 
supply chain issue, need 
for awareness and other 
training, their regulatory 
compliance, Providing 
corrective action plans 
to suppliers.
Providing a safe work 
environment, Ensuring 
employee engagement 
and career development, 
Instituting meaningful 
well-being measures that 
focus on inclusion, 
Employees’ growth and 
beneﬁts, their 
expectation, 
volunteering, career 
Investors and 
Shareholders
Local 
Communities
Media
Regulatory 
Authorities
KMPs and 
Board of 
Directors
No
Yes
        
No
No
No
Investors Meets,  Press 
Releases, Financial 
Results, Annual Reports, 
AGM, (Shareholders 
interaction), stock 
exchange ﬁlings and 
corporate website.
Interviews, Regular 
Meetings, CSR Project 
implementation.
Interviews, Press 
releases, Digital 
platforms, Social media 
posts.
Direct interactions, 
Routine ﬁling of reports, 
Regulatory audits and 
inspections, Annual 
Reports, Industry 
forums.
Investor meets, Annual 
General Meeting, Direct 
interaction, Board 
Meetings and Committee 
Meetings.
Regular
Regular and need-
based
Regular and need-
based
Regular and need-
based
Regular
growth, professional 
development and 
continuing education 
and skill training etc.
To understand their need 
and expectations, which 
are material to the 
Company. Key topics are 
the company's ﬁnancial 
performance etc.
Local hiring, wherever 
possible, CSR projects 
for community 
development.
Transparent 
communication, 
Investment in 
community 
development. 
Monitoring compliance 
with
laws and regulations, 
Payment of statutory 
dues, Submission of 
information
and reports.
Maintaining effective 
governance by 
implementing strong 
corporate governance 
and an Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) 
framework.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, 
environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such 
consultations provided to the Board. 
Company recognizes stakeholders as individuals or groups that inﬂuence or are impacted by its 
business operations. Through a structured stakeholder mapping process, the Company identiﬁes 
key stakeholders based on their relevance, inﬂuence, and impact. These include customers, 
employees, suppliers, investors, local communities, NGOs, and regulatory authorities.
The Company is committed to maintaining transparent and meaningful stakeholder engagement. 
ESG-related consultations are led by the respective functional departments, with regular 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity. 
The Company has established a structured stakeholder identiﬁcation and prioritisation process 
based on the extent to which stakeholders inﬂuence, or are impacted by, the Company's 
operations, products, services, and value chain. Stakeholders are identiﬁed through regular 
business interactions, materiality assessments, regulatory requirements, and management 
inputs. The process enables the Company to prioritise engagement based on stakeholder 
inﬂuence, dependency, expectations, and the Company's actual and potential economic, 
environmental, and social impacts.
2. List stakeholder groups identiﬁed as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with 
each stakeholder group.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 102 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
199 200
interactions helping identify and prioritize material ESG issues. Stakeholders can engage with the 
Company through Annual General Meetings (AGMs) and a dedicated email-based feedback 
mechanism.
Feedback received from stakeholders is integrated into the Company's decision-making and 
strategy, supporting continuous improvement in its economic, environmental, and social 
performance while strengthening long-term stakeholder relationships.
Engagement with stakeholders is an ongoing effort, proactively led by our company's leadership. 
Additionally, we have established a Board-level 'Stakeholder Relationship Committee' to assist the 
Board in overseeing the effective and e cient service and protection of stakeholders' interests, 
including but not limited to shareholders, bondholders, other security holders, credit rating 
agencies, regulators, and clients.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identiﬁcation and management of 
environmental, and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs 
received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the 
entity. 
Yes, such instances are provided as follows:
Employees as a stakeholder group - Initiatives to enhance the work environment and employee 
well-being, employee training and development.
Workforce as a stakeholder group - Measures to foster a safe, healthy, and inclusive work 
environment, Accessible grievance redressal mechanisms to address workforce concerns.
Local Communities as a stakeholder group - Promotion of local employment opportunities 
wherever feasible, Strategic investments in local infrastructure and sanitation projects.
Key Managerial Personnel as a stakeholder group - Regular engagement on strategic priorities, 
business performance, and emerging risks, Robust governance practices, including compliance, 
ethics, and risk management frameworks.
We are committed to enhancing the quality of life in the communities surrounding our operations. 
Prior to commencing construction activities, we actively engage with local communities to 
understand their needs, priorities, and aspirations. These insights enable us to design and 
implement targeted initiatives that address the most signiﬁcant local challenges and create 
lasting social value.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of 
vulnerable/ marginalized stakeholder groups.
Category
 
FY 2025-26
 (current ﬁnancial year)
 
FY 2024-25
 (previous ﬁnancial year)
 Total 
(A)
 
No. of 
employees / 
workers 
covered (B)
 
% (B / A)
 
Total (C)
 
No. of 
employees / 
workers 
covered (D)
% (D / C)
 
Employees
 Permanent
 
394
 
394
 
100%
 
100%
 Other than 
permanent
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0%
 
Total
 
394
 
394
 
100%
 
100%
 Workers
 Permanent
 
327
 
327
 
100%
 
100%
 Other than 
permanent
 
753
 
753
 
100%
 
100%
 
Total
 
1080
 
1080
 
100%
 
100%
 
The Company engages with vulnerable and marginalised stakeholder groups, particularly local 
communities residing around its project locations, through regular consultations, community 
meetings, and CSR initiatives. Feedback received during these interactions helps identify local 
development priorities such as sanitation, infrastructure, healthcare, education, and livelihood 
opportunities. Based on these consultations, the Company undertakes appropriate CSR 
initiatives, promotes local employment opportunities wherever feasible, and maintains 
continuous dialogue to address community concerns. During the reporting period, no signiﬁcant 
grievances from vulnerable or marginalised stakeholder groups were reported.
PRINCIPLE 5: BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) 
of the entity, in the following format:
 
139
 0
 
139
 
106
 176
 
282
 
139
 0
 
139
 
106
 176
 
282
 
 Category
 
FY 2025-26
 (current ﬁnancial year)
 
FY 2024-25
 (previous ﬁnancial year)
 Total 
(A) 
Equal to 
Minimum 
Wage 
More than 
Minimum Wage  
Total 
(D) 
Equal to 
Minimum Wage 
More than 
Minimum 
Wage No. 
(B) 
% (B 
/ A) 
No. 
(C) 
% (C / A) No. 
(E) 
% (E / D) No. (F) % (F / 
D) Employees 
Permanent  394 0 0% 394 100% 0 0% 100% 
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
139 139 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 103 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
201 202
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights 
impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes / No): 
Yes, The Company has designated senior management and relevant committees to oversee 
human rights-related matters as part of its ESG governance framework. The Company follows a 
zero-tolerance approach towards violations of human rights and has established a Vigil 
Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy for reporting concerns.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
The Company has established multiple grievance redressal mechanisms, including employee 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Sexual Harassment
Discrimination at
workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/
Involuntary Labour
Wages
Other human rights
related issues
Nil
Pending resolution
at the end of year 
RemarksFiled during
the year 
Pending resolution
at the end of year 
RemarksFiled during
the year 
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
7. Complaints ﬁled under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following format: 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total complaints reported under sexual harassment of
women at workplace (prevention, prohibition and
Redressal) Act 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a% of female employees/workers
Complaint on POSH upheld
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and 
harassment cases.
During the reporting period, all Board members and senior management personnel a rmed their 
compliance with the Company's Code of Conduct. Our Code of Conduct establishes the standards 
of ethical behaviour expected from all employees, members of the Board of Directors, suppliers, 
vendors, contractors, and other business partners. It promotes integrity, fairness, accountability, 
and compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and internal policies across our operations.
The Company is committed to fostering an inclusive and respectful workplace where all 
individuals are treated fairly and with dignity. We maintain a zero-tolerance approach towards 
discrimination and harassment of any kind. Discrimination based on race, colour, religion, 
ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legally 
protected characteristic is strictly prohibited. To reinforce these principles, all new employees 
receive Code of Conduct training as part of the induction programme, followed by an annual 
3.  a. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
Male Female
Board of Directors
(BOD)
Key Managerial
Personnel
Employees other
than BOD and KMP
Workers
5
4
353
318
Median remuneration/ salary/
wages of respective category
Number
1,25,000
1,77,49,998
4,27,236
3,18,000
3
0
37
9
Median remuneration/ salary/
wages of respective category
Number
61,75,000
0
5,79,600
3,34,176
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current ﬁnancial year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous  ﬁnancial year)
Gross wages paid
to females as % of
total wages
3.82% 11.09%
grievance channels, the Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy, the Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment (POSH) framework, and departmental escalation mechanisms. These mechanisms 
enable employees and other stakeholders to conﬁdentially report concerns relating to human 
rights, discrimination, harassment, unethical conduct, or other workplace issues without fear of 
retaliation.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
Male  357 0 0% 357 100% 0 0% 100% 
Female 37 0 0% 37 100% 0 0% 100% 
Other than 
Permanent  
0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0% 
Male  0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0% 
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0% 
Workers 
Permanent  327 0 0% 327 100% 0 0% 100% 
Male  318 0 0% 318 100% 0 0% 100% 
Female 9 0 0% 9 100% 0 0% 100% 
Other than 
Permanent  
753 0 0% 753 100% 0 0% 100% 
Male  751  0 0% 751 100% 0 0% 100% 
Female 2 0 0% 2 100% 0 0% 100% 
121 
18 
0 
0 
0 
106 
99 
7 
176 
172 
4 
121 
18 
0 
0 
0 
106 
99 
7 
176 
172 
4 
           
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 104 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
203 204
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such
partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour / Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others-Please specify
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
% of your plants and o ces that were assessed (by entity or statutory
authorities or third parties)
Child Labour
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Others – please specify
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
NA
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1. Details of a business process being modiﬁed / introduced as a result of addressing human rights 
grievances/complaints. 
The Company has established robust mechanisms to address human rights grievances. During FY 
2025–26, no human rights-related grievances were reported; accordingly, no business processes 
required modiﬁcation as a result of grievance resolution.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted. 
The Company is committed to protecting and respecting Human Rights and remedying rights 
violations in case they are identiﬁed; for example, issues relating to human tracking, forced 
labour, child labour, freedom of association, right to collective bargaining, equal remuneration and 
discrimination. The Company works towards providing equal employment opportunity, ensuring 
distributive, procedural, and interactional fairness, creating a harassment-free, safe environment 
and respecting fundamental rights. As an equal opportunity employer, no discrimination is 
tolerated on any aspect. The Company is esteemed as a great place to work and plans to conduct a 
human rights due diligence survey in the coming years.
3. Is the premise/o ce of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the 
requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? 
The Company’s facilities are well-equipped for differently-abled visitors. We are continually 
working to improve our infrastructure to enhance accessibility for all.
4. Details on assessment:
rea rmation of their commitment to comply with the Code. In addition, employees undergo 
regular awareness programmes on workplace ethics, discrimination, and the prevention of sexual 
and non-sexual harassment. These programmes also cover reporting mechanisms and escalation 
procedures to encourage timely reporting of concerns without fear of retaliation.
The Company's Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Policy provides a robust framework for 
addressing complaints related to sexual harassment. Such complaints are handled by the Internal 
Complaints Committee (ICC) in accordance with applicable legal requirements. All proceedings 
are conducted with strict conﬁdentiality, and established procedures ensure protection of 
complainants against any form of retaliation.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes. Human rights requirements form an integral part of our business agreements and contracts, 
as applicable. We expect our employees, suppliers, vendors, contractors, and other business 
partners to uphold the principles of human rights, ethical conduct, non-discrimination, fair labour 
practices, and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. These expectations are 
communicated through contractual obligations, the Company's Code of Conduct, and relevant 
agreements, with business partners expected to adhere to these standards throughout their 
engagement with the Company.
10. Assessments for the year:
We have established systems to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, 
including business ethics and human rights standards. Our Code of Conduct sets clear 
expectations for employees and suppliers regarding ethical behaviour and respect for human 
rights. To prevent child labour, age veriﬁcation is mandatory during recruitment. Human rights 
and business ethics are also covered as part of the employee induction programme to promote 
awareness and compliance.
Note: The assessments were carried out by  internally.
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from the assessments at Question 10 above: 
No signiﬁcant risks/concerns identiﬁed. Awareness Training is provided to all the employees.
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from the assessments at Question 4 above. 
Not applicable
PRINCIPLE 6: BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND 
RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 105 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
205 206
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following 
format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
6,543.83
-
-
6,543.83
60,087.03
476.42
-
Parameter
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A)
Total fuel consumption (B)
Energy consumption through other source (C)
Total energy consumption (A + B + C) 
From non-renewable sources 
Total electricity consumption (D) 
Total fuel consumption (E) 
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
* Previous year numbers are restated and regrouped/reclassiﬁed for comparative ﬁnancial 
presentation.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an 
external agency? (Y/N) No
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identiﬁed as designated consumers (DCs) under the 
Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose 
whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been 
achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
No, the PAT scheme is not applicable.
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
-
-
-
15,297.62
19,292.22
0.0000014465
-
-
-
Total energy consumed from  non-renewable sources (D+E+F)
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 
(total energy consumed/revenue from operations)
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) 
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) 
Energy intensity in terms of physical output 
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by 
the entity 
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/ assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) N
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
  
Parameter
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
STP Treated water Consumed in Plantation
(i) To Surface water 
3,994.60
-
-
3,994.60
15,093.81
203.81
-
60,563.45
67,107.28
0.0000031271
-
-
-
0.000000244
-
-
-
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (total Water consumption /
revenue from operations)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity (PPP) 
Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) 
Water intensity in terms of physical output 
Water intensity (Optional) – the relevant metric may be selected
by the entity.
0.0000022493
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
-
-
5,236
-
-
5,236
5,236
Parameter
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
-
30,000
-
-
-
30,000
30,000
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
   - No treatment 
  -With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
(ii) To Groundwater 
   - No treatment
   -With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) To Seawater 
   - No treatment
  -With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third-parties 
   - No treatment
  -With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others 
  -No treatment
  -With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 
26,000
26,000
Details:- 
PH 6.5 to 8.5
TSS <100mg/Ltr
BOD5 <30mg/Ltr
COD <250mg/Ltr
Oil & Grease <10PPM
Treated water utilised for Gardening purpose.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an 
external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its 
coverage and implementation.
Not Applicable, The solar panel manufacturing and Renewable energy generation business does 
not involve any liquid discharge that could affect the environment or the water resources. 
Therefore, the company is not subject to the regulations, or the permits related to liquid waste 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 106 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
207 208
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/ assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. No, there are no air emissions other than DG it uses when it power used.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following 
format:
INA has also installed solar power projects at its manufacturing facilities and Corporate O ce in Jaipur, Rajasthan. 
These renewable energy initiatives aim to reduce dependence on electricity sourced from the State Distribution 
Company (DISCOM), thereby contributing to a signiﬁcant reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Through the 
increased adoption of renewable energy and continuous improvement in energy e ciency, INA remains committed to 
reducing its environmental footprint and promoting a sustainable energy mix across its operations.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Please specify unit 
Nox
SOx
Particulate matter (PM)
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
The Company does not have any signiﬁcant process-related air 
emissions. Air emissions are limited to occasional operation of diesel 
generator (DG) sets during power outages. Emissions are maintained 
within the limits prescribed under applicable environmental 
regulations. Accordingly, no signiﬁcant NOx, SOx, PM, VOC or other air 
pollutant emissions were recorded during the reporting period.
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Other – Please specify
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Parameter
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into Co2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) 
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into Co2,
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee
of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/
Revenue from operations) 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee
of turnover adjusted
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations adjusted for PPP)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms
of physical output 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional)
– the relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
Unit
Metric tonnes
of CO2 equivalent 
Metric tonnes of
CO2 equivalent 
 
 
 
 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
  
Parameter
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A)
E-waste (B)
Bio-medical waste (C)
Construction and demolition waste (D)
Battery waste (E)
Radioactive waste (F)
12.72
-
-
-
-
-
26.40
2.40
-
-
-
-
management. As we are in the solar panel manufacturing and Renewable energy generation 
business, there is no discharge of water. The water used for washing solar panels is either 
evaporated or absorbed into the ground. At the sites, water is used for domestic purposes and the 
rest of the water is absorbed in the soak pit.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following 
format:
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/ assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. 
No
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details. 
INA is committed to the responsible and e cient utilization of natural resources across its operations. As part of its 
sustainability initiatives, the company has implemented energy- and water-conservation measures, including the 
installation of energy-e cient lighting systems and sensor-based water taps at its o ces to optimize resource 
consumption.
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) {Used Oil}
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any.
(Break-up by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover 
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations )
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity (PPP ) (Total waste generated / Revenue from
operations adjusted for PPP )
Waste intensity in terms of physical output 
Waste intensity (optional) – 
the relevant metric may be selected by the entity.
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling,
re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled
(ii) Re-used
(iii) Other recovery operations
Total
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration
(ii) Landﬁlling
(iii) Other disposal operations
Total
Yes
No
No
No
No
No
-
-
12.72
0.0000000006 
-
-
-
-
-
28.80
0.0000000022
-
-
-
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an 
external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No
10. Brieﬂy describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe 
the strategy adopted by Company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your 
products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 107 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
209 210
The Company has implemented a comprehensive waste management system across all its 
establishments, aligned with applicable environmental regulations and industry best practices. In 
solar PV module manufacturing, the company ensures that its operations are conducted in an 
environmentally responsible manner, with no signiﬁcant waste generation that could adversely 
impact the environment or employee health. The manufacturing process does not involve the use 
of hazardous chemicals in production or other operational activities; therefore, no hazardous 
waste is generated from these operations.
Packaging materials generated during operations are responsibly managed and sent for recycling 
through authorized recyclers. The company also fulﬁlls applicable Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) obligations for relevant packaging materials, supporting sustainable waste 
management practices and the principles of a circular economy.
11. If the entity has operations/o ces in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national 
parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal 
regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify 
details in the following format:
LEADERSHIP INDICATOR
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): 
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information: 
(i) Name of the area: Jaipur, Rajasthan
(ii) Nature of operations: Manufacturing of Solar Panels and Generation of power using Renewable sources of Energy.
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format: 
No operation in such areas
S. No. Location of
operations/o ces 
Type of
operations 
Whether the conditions of environmental approval / clearance are
being complied with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons thereof and corrective
action taken, if any.
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in 
the current ﬁnancial year:
Nill
Name & brief
detail of
project 
EIA
Notiﬁcation
No. 
Date Whether conducted by
independent external agency
(Yes / No) 
Results communicated
in public domain
(Yes / No) 
Relevant
Web link
13. Is the entity complaint with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and 
rules thereunder (Y/N) not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format: 
Yes, the Company is complying with all applicable environmental laws / regulations / guidelines including Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act and Environment
Protection Act and rules thereunder.
S. No.  Specify the law/regulation
/guidelines which was not
complied with
 Provide details
of the non-
compliance 
 Any ﬁnes/penalties/action taken
by regulatory agencies such as
pollution control boards or by courts
 Corrective
action
taken, if any 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
  
Parameter
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres) 
(i) Surface water 
(ii) Groundwater 
(iii) Third party water 
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 
(v) Others 
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) 
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres 
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover )
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected
by the entity 
-
-
5,236
-
-
5,236
5,236
0.000000244
-
-
30,000
-
-
-
30,000
30,000
0.000002
-
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres) 
(i) Into Surface water 
- No treatment 
-With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
ii) Into Groundwater 
- No treatment 
-With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) Into Seawater 
- No treatment
-With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third-parties 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- No treatment
-With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others 
- No treatment
-With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an 
external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No independent assessment, evaluation, or assurance has been conducted by an external agency.
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Parameter
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) 
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover 
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the
relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
Unit
Metric tonnes
of CO2 equivalent 
-
-
-
-
-
-
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an 
external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
No independent assessment, evaluation, or assurance has been conducted by an external agency.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 108 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
211 212
8. How many green credits have been generated or procured: Not applicable.
PRINCIPLE 7: BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND 
REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN A MANNER THAT IS RESPONSIBLE AND 
TRANSPARENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. a. Number of a liations with trade and industry chambers/ associations. 9
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total 
members of such body) the entity is a member of/ a liated to.
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators 
above, provide details of signiﬁcant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such 
areas along-with prevention and remediation activities. 
Not applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any speciﬁc initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to 
improve resource e ciency, or reduce impact due to emissions / e uent discharge / waste 
generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the 
following format: 
1
2
3
Sr. No Initiative undertaken  Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any,
may be provided along-with summary) 
 Outcome of the initiative 
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 
words/ web link. 
Yes. The Company has a comprehensive Business Continuity and Disaster Management Plan 
designed to ensure resilience and the uninterrupted continuation of critical business operations 
during unforeseen events. The plan addresses potential risks arising from natural disasters, ﬁre, 
cyber incidents, technology failures, supply chain disruptions, and other operational 
emergencies. It includes preventive and mitigation measures, incident response procedures, 
data backup and recovery mechanisms, business continuity protocols, communication 
frameworks, and employee health and safety measures. The plan is reviewed and updated 
periodically, with regular risk assessments, awareness initiatives, and testing conducted to 
strengthen preparedness and enable timely recovery while minimizing operational and ﬁnancial 
impact.
6. Disclose any signiﬁcant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the 
entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.
During the reporting period, no signiﬁcant adverse environmental impacts arising from the 
Company's value chain were identiﬁed. Hence, no mitigation or adaptation measures taken by the 
Company.
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed for environmental impacts. 
No value chain partners were assessed for environmental impacts during the reporting period.
S.
No. 
Name of the trade and industry chambers
/ associations 
Reach of trade and industry chambers/
associations (State/National)
State
National
National
       National
National
State
National
National
National
Federation of Rajasthan Trade & Industry (FORTI)
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) 
Indian Solar Manufacturers Association (ISMA)
All India Solar Industries Association (AISIA)
North India Module Manufacturer Association (NIMMA)
PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PHDCCI) 
BNI Royals 
Corporate Connection
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-
competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
There has been no case against us related to anti-competitive conduct.
Installation of rooftop 
solar power systems
Robotic solar module 
cleaning
LED lighting
Solar PV installed at manufacturing 
facilities and corporate o ce
Water-e cient robotic cleaning
Energy-e cient lighting
Reduced dependence on grid 
electricity & avoided GHG emissions
Reduced water consumption
Lower electricity consumption
LEADERSHIP INDICATOR
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. No Public policy
advocated 
Methods resorted
for such advocacy 
Whether the information
available in the public
domain? (yes/no) 
Web link if
available
Frequency of review by
board(Annually/Half
yearly /quarterly others
please specify) 
There is no direct representation made, but participation happened through Industry Associations of which 
Director is the member. Also, there are some advocacy positions which are conﬁdential and hence cannot be 
disclosed in the public domain. Moreover, we have given our suggestions to the government on industry matters.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 109 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
213 214
1  Rajasthan  Jaipur  115.15*
PRINCIPLE 8: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE 
DEVELOPMENT
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on 
applicable laws, in the current ﬁnancial year.
Not applicable
Name and brief
details of project 
SIA Notiﬁcation
No.
 Date of
notiﬁcation 
Whether conducted by
independent external
agency (yes/no) 
Result communicated
in public domain
(yes/no) 
Relevant
web link
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is 
being undertaken by your entity, in the following format: 
Not applicable
S.No Name of the project
for which R&R is
ongoing 
State District No. of project affected
families(PFAs) 
% of PFAs
covered by R&R
 Amount paid to
PFAs in the FY
(In INR)
3.Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community. 
The Company has established mechanisms to receive and address grievances from local 
communities through regular stakeholder consultations, community meetings, CSR engagement, 
site-level interactions, and direct communication with project representatives. Community 
concerns are documented, assessed, and addressed by the relevant functional teams in a timely 
manner. Signiﬁcant issues, if any, are escalated to senior management for appropriate resolution. 
The Company periodically reviews community feedback to strengthen stakeholder engagement 
and improve project implementation.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)Parameter
Directly sourced from MSMEs/small producers
Directly from within india
2.23%  
56.98%  
(Place to be categorized as per RBI Classiﬁcation System - rural / semi-urban / urban 
/metropolitan)
Not applicable
Details of negative social impact identiﬁed Corrective action taken
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated 
aspirational districts as identiﬁed by government bodies:
S.No. State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR) 
* Consolidated
3. (a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from 
suppliers comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No) :
No
(b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?  : Not applicable
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?  : Not applicable 
4. Details of the beneﬁts derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by 
your entity (in the current ﬁnancial year), based on traditional knowledge:
Not applicable
S.No Intellectual property based
on traditional knowledge 
Owned/ acquired
(yes/no) 
Beneﬁts shared
(yes/no) 
Basis of calculating
beneﬁt share
11.87%  
82.13%  
5. Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees 
or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following 
locations, as % of total wage cost 
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Rural
Semi-Urban
Urban
Metropolitan
8.88%
43.55%
41.05%
6.52%
18.9%
14.3%
18.3%
48.5%
LEADERSHIP INDICATOR
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identiﬁed in the Social 
Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual 
property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved. 
6. Details of beneﬁciaries of CSR Projects: 
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
Not applicable
1  The CSR expenditure have been 
incurred for:
- Social Welfare & Healthcare.
- Renewable Energy, Green 
Technology, Civilian Action for Save 
Environment and Reducing Global 
Warming.
- Education 
Environment Protection.
The project has long term beneﬁts for diverse populations, 
including vulnerable and marginalized groups.
S.No. CSR Project No. of persons beneﬁtted
from CSR Projects
% of beneﬁciaries from vulnerable
and marginalized groups
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 110 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
215 216
5. Does of entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? 
(Yes/No) If available, provide a web-link of the policy.
Yes. The Company has established a cybersecurity and data privacy framework to safeguard its 
information assets and ensure the conﬁdentiality, integrity, and availability of data. The 
framework includes policies and procedures covering information security, access controls, data 
protection, cyber risk management, incident response, vulnerability management, employee 
awareness, and regulatory compliance.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, 
and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of 
instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products 
/ services.
During the reporting period, no incidents were reported in relation to advertising and delivery of 
essential services, cyber security and customer data privacy, recurrence of product recalls, or any 
penalties/actions taken by regulatory authorities concerning the safety of products or services. 
Accordingly, no corrective actions were required or are currently underway in these areas. The 
Company continues to maintain robust systems, policies, and controls to ensure compliance with 
applicable regulations and to proactively mitigate potential risks across these aspects.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches: 
a. Number of instances of data breaches: NIL 
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identiﬁable information of customers: NIL
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: No data breaches were reported during the reporting 
period; therefore, there was no impact on customer data, operations, or the Company’s 
stakeholders.
LEADERSHIP INDICATOR
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed 
(provide web link, if available).
Yes, The Information is available on the Company’s website - https://insolationenergy.in/ By 
visiting the website, one can gain a comprehensive understanding of the entity's operations, 
performance, and future plans. The website provides detailed information on the Company’s 
vision, mission, values, projects, achievements, sustainability, Investor, and governance. The 
website also offers various resources for investors, such as ﬁnancial reports, presentations, and 
investor relations contacts.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products 
and/or services. 
PRINCIPLE 9: BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR 
CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and 
feedback.
We have unique Number: 0141-2996001, 2996002, E-mail: enquiry@insolationenergy.in and 
feedback form for receiving consumer response and complaints.  We regularly conduct customer 
satisfaction surveys to obtain feedback from customers. The survey helps us understand the 
feedback of the customers on various products and quality parameters that we have identiﬁed. 
The results of the surveys are analysed and discussed in detail internally and are then taken 
forward for implementation. There is also a mechanism available for registering and resolving 
customer complaints. Timely resolution of complaints and corrective/ preventive action are 
important aspects of the process. Customer complaints are also holistically studied, and data 
trends are analysed on a regular basis. 
2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/ service that 
carry information about:
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposal
Not applicable, considering the 
nature of Company's product and 
services offerings.
As a percentage to total turnover
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
Data privacy
Advertising
Cyber-security
Delivery of essential
services
Restrictive Trade
Practices
Unfair Trade
Practices
Other
FY 2025-26
(Current ﬁnancial year) 
Remarks FY 2024-25
(Previous ﬁnancial year) 
Remarks
Received
during
the year 
Pending
resolution
at end of year  
Received
during
the year 
Pending
resolution
at end of year
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Voluntary recalls
Forced recalls
NIL
NIL
Not applicable
Not applicable
Number Reasons for recall
4.  Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 111 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
217 218
We have provided our customers with product manuals that include all relevant details, such as 
handling, storage, and usage instructions. Our teams stay in regular contact with customers to 
address any questions they may have about using the products. Additionally, we take steps to 
educate consumers about safe and responsible usage through various exhibitions and our social 
media channels.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential 
services. 
The Company informs customers of any anticipated disruption through its Sales and Key Account 
Management teams using verbal and written communication. Customers are notiﬁed promptly, 
and appropriate mitigation measures and alternative arrangements are discussed to minimize the 
impact and ensure business continuity.
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as 
per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any 
survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, 
signiﬁcant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No) 
Yes, the Company provides product information that goes beyond the requirements prescribed 
under applicable local laws. Wherever relevant, company supplements mandatory disclosures 
with additional technical information, including test certiﬁcations that detail the chemical and 
mechanical properties of its products. This enhanced level of disclosure promotes transparency, 
supports quality assurance, and enables customers to make well-informed purchasing and usage 
decisions.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 112 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
To the Members of Insolation Energy Limited
Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements of INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED 
(“hereinafter referred to as “the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Holding 
Company and its Wholly owned subsidiary 
together referred to as “the Group”),  which 
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as     
at 31st March, 2026, the Consolidated Statement 
of Proﬁt & Loss (including other comprehensive 
income), the Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flow and the Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity for the year then ended, and 
notes to the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
including a summary of the signiﬁcant 
accounting policies and other explanatory 
information (hereinafter referred to as “the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements”)
 (a) Include the annual ﬁnancial results of the 
following entities:
(Annual Report 2025-26)
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
219 220
2
Relationship
Wholly Owned
Subsidiary and
their subsidiaries
S.N. Name of the Entity
Insolation Energy Limited1 Parent
Insolation Green Energy
Private Limited (Consolidated)
3 Subsidiary and
their associates.
Insolation Green Infra
Private Limited (Consolidated)
4 SubsidiaryMGVI Green Infra One
Private Limited
5 SubsidiaryMGVI Green Infra Two
Private Limited
6 SubsidiaryMGVI Green Infra Three
Private Limited
7 SubsidiaryMGVI Green Infra Four
Private Limited
8 SubsidiaryMGVI Green Infra Five
Private Limited
fair view in conformity with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, and the 
Indian Accounting Standards   (“Ind AS”) 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended, of consolidated state of 
affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, its 
c o n s o l i d a t e d  p r o ﬁ t  ( i n c l u d i n g  o t h e r 
comprehensive income) , its consolidated cash 
ﬂows and the consolidated changes in equity for 
the year then ended.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Standards on Auditing (“SA”) speciﬁed under 
section 143 (10) of the Act. Our responsibilities 
under those Standards are further described in 
the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Group in 
accordance with the ICAI Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the 
Act and the rules there under, and we have 
fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements and the 
Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.
We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained by us along with the consideration of 
audit report of the other auditor is sufﬁcient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in     
our professional judgment, were of most 
signiﬁcance in our audit of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have not 
observed anything which falls under this.
In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, 
and based on the consideration of reports of 
other auditors on ﬁnancial statements of 
subsidiaries including associates as was audited 
by other auditors, the aforesaid Consolidated 
Financial Statements give the information 
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
in the manner so required and give a true and 
Information other than the Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report 
thereon
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the other 
information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Board’s Report 
and management discussion and analysis 
included in Holding Company annual report, 
but does not include the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial 
s t a te m e n t s  d o e s  n o t  cove r  t h e  o t h e r 
information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility is to read 
the other information and, in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements or our knowledge obtained during 
the course of our audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed and 
based on the work done of other auditors, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information; we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
Responsibilities of Management’s for the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is 
responsible for the matters stated in Section 
134(5) of the companies Act 2013 with respect to 
the preparation and presentation of these 
Consolidated ﬁnancial statements that give a 
true and fair view of the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
position, Consolidated ﬁnancial performance, 
Consolidated cash ﬂows and Consolidated 
statement of changes in equity of the Group in 
accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the Ind 
AS.
This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements, management is responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue       
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using    
the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are 
responsible for overseeing the Company’s 
consolidated ﬁnancial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the Consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis 
of these consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we 
exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
Ÿ Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
===== PAGE 113 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
c. The Consolidated balance sheet, the 
Consolidated statement of proﬁt and loss, 
the Consolidated statement of the changes 
in equity and the Consolidated cash ﬂow 
statement dealt with by this report are in 
agreement with the books of account;
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated 
Financial Statements comply with the 
Accounting Standards speciﬁed under 
section 133 of the Act, read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended;
e. On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Holding 
Company as on March 31, 2026 taken on 
record by the board of directors and the 
reports of the statutory auditors of subsidiary 
companies, none of the directors is 
disqualiﬁed as on March 31, 2025 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act;
f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
Consolidated ﬁnancial controls over 
consolidated ﬁnancial reporting of the 
Company and the operating effectiveness  
of such controls, refer to our separate report 
in “Annexure B”. Our report expresses an 
unmodiﬁed opinion on the adequacy and 
operating effectiveness of the Company’s 
internal Consolidated ﬁnancial controls over 
Consolidated ﬁnancial reporting;
g. With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor ’s Report in 
accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, In our 
opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to 
us, the remuneration paid by the group to its 
directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
h. With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor ’s Report in 
accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to 
us;
i. The Company does not have any pending 
litigations which would impact its 
consolidated ﬁnancial position;
ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts 
for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses; and
iii. There were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
iv. (a) The management has represented 
that, to the best of it’s knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the    
notes to the accounts, no funds have   
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the company to or in any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or 
invest in other persons or entities 
identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the company (“Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
(b) The management has represented, 
that, to the best of it’s knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the notes 
to the accounts, no funds have been 
received by the company f rom any 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or 
invest in other persons or entities 
identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneﬁciaries;
(c) Based on such audit procedures which 
we have considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
221 222
design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufﬁcient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk                  
of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one           
resulting from error, as fraud may involve                
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
Ÿ Obtain an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls system in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls.
Ÿ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
Ÿ Co n cl u d e  o n  t h e  a p p ro p ri a te n e s s  o f 
management’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the Consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
Ÿ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure 
and content of the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements, including the disclosures, and 
w h e t h e r  t h e  c o n s o l i d a t e d  ﬁ n a n c i a l 
statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with 
governance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any 
signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control that 
we identify during our audit.
We also provide th ose charged with 
governance with a statement that we have 
complied with relevant ethical requirements 
r e g a r d i n g  i n d e p e n d e n c e ,  a n d  t o 
communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those 
charged with governance, we determine those 
matters that were of most signiﬁcance in the 
audit of the  consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in 
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest beneﬁts of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory 
requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by 
the Central Government of India in terms of 
sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we give in the Annexure 
“A”, a statement on the matters speciﬁed in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we 
report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to the 
best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit;
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law have been kept by the 
Company so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books;
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 114 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any material 
mis-statement.
v. The ﬁnal dividend for the previous year, 
declared or paid by the Company during 
the year is in accordance with section 123 
of the Act, as applicable.
vi. The Holding Company has used such 
accounting software for maintaining its 
books of account which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same has been operated throughout 
the year for all transactions recorded in  
the software and the audit trail feature   
has not been tampered with and the audit 
trail has been preserved by the company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
223 224
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Annexure Referred to our report of even date of M/S
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED.
i. As required by paragraph 3(xxi) of the CARO 2020, we report that the auditors of the Company have 
not been given any qualiﬁcations or adverse remarks in their CARO report on the 
Standalone/Consolidated Financial Statements.
ANNEXURE-A
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Annexure Referred to our report of even date of M/S
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED.
ANNEXURE-B
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section
3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls 
over ﬁnancial reporting of Insolation Energy 
Limited (‘the Company’) as of 31st March, 2026 in 
conjunction with our audit of the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company for the year ended 
on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible    
for establishing and maintaining internal 
ﬁnancial controls based on the internal control 
over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal ﬁnancial 
Controls Over ﬁnancial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efﬁcient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to 
the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable ﬁnancial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’s internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal ﬁnancial 
Controls Over ﬁnancial Reporting (the 
‘Guidance Note’) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
internal ﬁnancial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal ﬁnancial Controls and, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting were established and 
maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to 
obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of 
the internal ﬁnancial controls system over 
ﬁnancial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on         
the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditors’ judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the ﬁnancial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufﬁcient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial 
reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company’s internal ﬁnancial control over 
ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the 
preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal 
ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporting include 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 115 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
225 226
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur 
and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal ﬁnancial controls 
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal ﬁnancial controls 
system over ﬁnancial reporting and such 
internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
reporting were operating effectively as at 31 
March 2026, based on the internal control over 
Consolidated ﬁnancial reporting criteria 
established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
ﬁnancial Controls Over ﬁnancial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India.
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of  
the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to 
permit preparation of ﬁnancial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures  
of the Company are being made only in 
accordance with authorizations of the 
Management and directors of the Company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the  
ﬁnancial statements.
Inherent limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material 
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 116 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements(Annual Report 2025-26)
227 228
ST
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31  MARCH 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
No.
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property plant & equipment 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 
(c)  Right of use Asset 
(d) Investment Property 
(e)  Goodwill 
(f)  Intangible Assets 
(g) Intangible assets under development 
(h)  Financial Assets 
 (I) Investments 
 (ii) Loans  
 (iii) Other ﬁnancial assets 
(i)  Deferred tax assets (net) 
(j)  Other non-current assets
I
(1)
4
5
6
7
8
9A
10A
11A
                    
47,377.20                        
7,293.40                        
5,111.08                                       
-                                   
0.20                                       
-                                         
-   
                       
3,553.31                        
2,078.40                            
795.53 
                       
8,332.65 
                     
7,729.13                      
5,287.65                      
1,073.63                                     
-   
                                    
-                                       
-   
                     
3,897.89                      
3,982.59                      
1,833.67 
                     
8,470.00 
                     
4,622.45                         
140.09                      
1,122.12                                     
-   
                                    
-                                       
-   
                        
512.37                         
600.00                         
135.23 
                        
365.39 
Total Non-current Assets                     74,541.77                   32,274.56                      7,497.65 
Current assets  
(a) Inventories 
(b) Financial Assets 
(i) Investments 
(ii) Trade receivables 
(iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents  
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 
(v) Loans 
(vi) Others  ﬁnancial assets 
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net) 
(d) Other Current Assets
(2)
12
13
14
14A
9B
10B
24
11B
                    
37,905.21 
                    
28,158.52                        
8,799.10                     
43,294.74                            
664.49                        
1,320.83                                       
-                       
20,828.04 
                     
7,697.59 
                  
11,009.00                         
226.95                   
31,171.11                            
21.51                         
481.61                                     
-                        
2,218.07 
                     
7,379.47 
                     
5,196.21                      
4,826.57                         
649.48                                     
-                              
10.75                         
105.32                      
1,803.31 
Total Current Assets                  1,40,970.94                   52,825.83                   19,971.10 
Total Assets                  2,15,512.71                   85,100.39                   27,468.76 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  
 
Equity  
(a) Equity Share capital  
(b) Other Equity 
(c) Non-Controlling Interest
II
15
16
17
                       
2,203.95                     
78,510.24                            
133.30 
                     
2,203.43                   
58,632.76                            
41.15 
                     
2,083.20                      
8,730.28                                     
-   
Total Equity                     80,847.49                   60,877.34                   10,813.48 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities  
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(i) Borrowings 
(ia) Lease Liabilities 
(ii) Other Financial Liabilities  
(b) Provisions 
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other non-current liabilities
(1)
18A
19A
20A
21A
22
23A
                    
46,888.94                        
4,726.30                        
5,952.64                            
106.74                        
1,161.44 
                     
1,154.04                         
925.70                         
953.82                            
59.45                         
167.32 
                     
1,886.12                         
911.51                         
156.36                            
54.01                         
138.82 
Total Non-current Liabilities                     58,836.05                      3,260.32                      3,146.82 
Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(i) Borrowings 
(ia) Lease Liabilities 
(ii) Trade Payables 
- Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small   
enterprises 
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities  
(b) Provisions 
(c) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other current liabilities
(2)
18B
19B
23
20B
21B
24
22B
                     
36,590.73                            
585.71 
                       
4,495.90                      
24,776.84
                               
89.69                            
691.16                            
286.31                        
8,312.82 
                     
9,665.13                         
252.45 
                     
1,277.87                      
5,925.84
                         
263.17                         
387.16                            
28.52                      
3,162.59 
                     
7,716.50                         
210.61 
                     
1,213.24                      
2,528.68                                    
-                           
166.85 
                     
1,672.59 
Total current Liabilities                    75,829.18                  20,962.73                  13,508.46 
Total Equity and Liabilities                 2,15,512.71                  85,100.39                  27,468.76 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1 - 3
4 - 59
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
===== PAGE 117 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
229 230
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
ST
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
No.
Revenue from operations
Other income
I
II
25
26
     1,33,376.84                                      
985.49
            2,14,602.13                                    
1,750.25
Year ended
st
31  March 2026
st
31  March 2025
Total Income (I + II)                             2,16,352.38                            1,34,362.34 III
Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, work-in-progress & stock-in-trade
Employee beneﬁts expense
Finance costs
Depreciation and amortization expense
Other expenses
IV
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
                               
80,311.23                                
29,677.26                                      
208.27                                  
2,586.56                                      
821.59                                  
1,130.70                                  
4,320.87 
                            
1,66,212.64                                 
27,205.85                              
(21,874.20)                                   
5,053.82                                    
2,354.09                                    
3,579.79                                    
9,291.87 
Total Expenses                             1,91,823.85                            1,19,056.49 
Proﬁt before exceptional item and tax (III-IV)                                 24,528.53                                15,305.84 V
Exceptional Item - -VI
Proﬁt before tax (V-VI)                                 24,528.53                                15,305.84 VII
Tax expense:
(1) Current tax
(2) Deferred tax
(3) Earlier year tax {Short/(Excess)}
VIII
22
                                 
2,714.12                                         
32.92                                                 
-   
                                   
3,458.81                                       
997.55                                             
9.01 
Proﬁt for the year ( VII-VIII)                                 20,063.15                                12,558.81 IX
Other Comprehensive Income:
A. Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss 
- emeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan
Less: Income tax on above 
B. Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
X                                         
18.02                                            
4.42 
                                       
(19.44)                                            
3.43 
Total other comprehensive income                                       (16.01)                                        22.44 
34
Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X)                                       20,047.14                                      12,581 .25XI
Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) attributable to Non-controlling 
interests
Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) attributable to Owners of the Parent
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Equity shares of par value Rs 10/- each
(1) Basic (In ₹)
(2) Diluted (In ₹)
XII
XIII
XIV
                      (1.18)                                     
12,581.25
5.94
5.94
                    41.44                                 
20,005.70 
9.10
9.1035
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1 - 3
4 - 59
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR
ST
THE YEAR ENDED ON 31  MARCH 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  
  
Net Proﬁt before Tax as Per Statement of Proﬁt & 
Loss   
  
Adjusted for :-   
Adjustment For Club Membership Fees   
Adjustment For Deferred revenue expenses   
Adjustment For Preliminary Expenses   
Adjustment For QIP Expenses   
Adjustment For Prior Period   
Employee Compensation Expense   
Interest Income   
Fair Value (Gain)/Loss on Non - Current Investments   
Interest Income on Security Deposit   
Rent Expense- unwinding of prepaid rent   
(Gain)/Loss on sale of Investment   
(Proﬁt)/Loss on termination of lease   
Gain on security deposit   
(Proﬁt)/Loss on sale of Property Plant and Equipment   
Dividend Received   
Finance Cost   
Finance Charges on lease   
Depreciation and amortization    
Operating Proﬁt before Working Capital Changes   
  
Adjustment for changes in:-   
Other Non-current  Financial Assets   
Other Non Current Assets   
Inventory   
Trade Receivable   
Other Current Financial Assets   
Other Current Assets   
Other Non-current  Financial Liability   
Provisions   
Trade Paybles   
Other Current Financial Liabilities   
Other Current Liabilities   
Current tax liabilities  
Goodwill   
  
Cash Generated From Operations    
  
Taxes Paid    
Net Cash From Operating Activities    
  
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
Loans and advances received/(given)   
Purchase of Property, Plant & Equipment   
Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment   
Interest Income   
Dividend Received   
Security deposit paid   
Security Deposit Received
A
B
                              
15,305.84 
                                     
(10.00)                                  
(680.64)                                     
(22.09)                                     
(43.15)                                                
-                                                   
-                                     
(814.23)                                     
(58.39)                                       
(0.10)                                          
0.20                                        
(0.82)                                                
-                                                   
-                                          
(1.82)                                       
(0.05)                                    
711.12                                     
110.47                                  
1,130.70                               
15,627.05 
                              
(1,535.27)                              
(8,099.16)                                  
(318.12)                              
(5,812.79)                                  
(470.87)                                  
(414.54)                                    
797.46                                     
243.76                                  
3,461.79                                     
263.17                                  
1,490.01                                     
133.84                                                 
-   
                                 
5,366.33 
                                 
2,714.12 
                              
(3,404.10)                              
(9,172.14)                                       
13.67                                     
814.23                                           
0.05                                        
(6.25)                                                
-
Previous Year 2024-25
Details
                         
2,652.21  
Amount
                            
24,528.53 
                                              
-                                                 
-                                                 
-                                      
(11.68)                                   
(27.60)                                  
129.96                             
(1,608.35)                                  
120.97                                      
(0.12)                                        
0.35                                    
(75.96)                                     
(0.86)                                     
(0.01)                                        
0.41                                      
(0.06)                               
2,236.33                                   
117.76                                
3,579.79                             
28,989.46 
                               
1,195.41                                   
142.32                          
(30,207.63)                         
(17,149.52)                                
(839.21)                         
(18,609.86)                               
4,998.82                                   
331.85                             
22,069.04                                 
(173.48)                               
5,150.23                                   
257.80                                      
(0.20)
                            
(3,844.99)
                               
3,467.82 
                               
1,261.21                          
(44,804.75)                                     
25.45                                
1,608.35                                         
0.06                                      
(6.29)                                        
1.92                                                                 
Previous Year 2025-26
Details
                           
(7,312.82)
Amount
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 118 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
231 232
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
Investment in Fixed Deposits   
Purchase of Investment   
Sale of Investment   
Net Cash used in Investing Activities    
  
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
  
Loans Raised / (Paid)   
Proceeds from issue of Shares   
Security Premium   
Acquisition of NCI   
Dividend Paid   
Interest paid on Loans   
Repayment of Short term Borrowings   
Payment of lease liabilities    
Net Cash From Financing Activities    
  
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalent    
Effect of exchange differences on translation of 
foreign currency monetary items   
Opening balance of Cash and Cash Equivalent    
  
Closing balance of Cash and Cash Equivalent 
C
        (30,684.40)                              
(3,326.31)                                                
-   
                                  
(732.07)                                    
120.23                               
38,075.92                                        
42.33                                                 
-                                     
(711.12)                                 
1,948.63                                   
(230.50)
                        
(45,765.25)
                           
38,513.42 
                           
(4,599.62)
                              
4,826.57 
                                 
226.95
            23,057.74                                   
298.59                                         
0.98 
                            
45,734.90                                         
0.52                                         
1.44                                      
50.71                                 
(220.34)                            
(2,236.33)                            
26,925.61                                 
(476.92)
                        
(18,556.75)
                           
69,779.58 
                           
43,910.01 
                                 
226.95 
                           
44,136.96
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
 Notes to the cash ﬂow statement:        
1. Cash ﬂow Statements has been prepared adopting the Indirect method as prescribed under 
para 18 of Indian Accounting Standard-7 (Ind AS- 7) on "Statement of Cash Flows".        
2. Cash & Cash Equivalents included in the cash ﬂow statement comprise the following balance 
sheet amounts:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As on 31.03.2026 As on 31.03.2025
Cash on Hand
Balance with  Banks in Current A/c 
Balance with  Banks in Fixed Deposit Account 
Total Cash and Cash Equivalent 
                  48.33                               
40,228.96                                  
3,859.68                               
44,136.96
             45.89                                  
181.06 
                                 
226.95
Disclosure As Per Ind AS 7: Statement of Changes in Cash Flows      
Reconciliation between the opening and closing balances in the Balance Sheet for liabilities 
arising from ﬁnancing activities:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financing Activities
Lease liabilities
Current Borrowings
Non- Current Borrowings
Fair Value
adjustment
Non Cash Changes  
Additions Other
As at
01.04.2025
Cash Flow
(net)
As at
31.03.2026
                            
1,178.16                             
9,665.13                             
1,154.04 
                        
(476.96)                    
26,925.61                     
45,734.90
 
456.73 
 -   
 -   
 
        3,844.46 
 -   
 -
 
         309.63 
 -   
 -
                              
5,312.01                            
36,590.73                            
46,888.94 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financing Activities
Lease liabilities
Current Borrowings
Non- Current Borrowings
Fair Value
adjustment
Non Cash Changes  
Additions Other
As at
01.04.2024
Cash Flow
(net)
As at
31.03.2025
                            
1,122.12                             
7,716.50                             
1,886.12 
                        
(230.50)                      
1,948.63                         
(732.07)
 
-
 -   
 -   
 
 168.06
 -   
 -   
 
 118.47 
 -   
 -   
                              
1,178.16                               
9,665.13                               
1,154.04 
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 119 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
233 234
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
ST
FOR THE YEAR ENDED ON 31  MARCH 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Equity share of ₹ 1 (Previous Year ₹1 each)  issued,
subscribed and fully paid 
Balance as at the beginning of the year 
Issue of share capital during the year 
 A. Equity Share Capital
        2,083.20                           
120.23
st
As at 31  March 2025
(₹ in INR)
 20,83,20,000                      
1,20,23,000
No. of shares
          2,203.43                       
0.52
st
As at 31  March 2026
(₹ in INR)
  22,03,43,000                           
51,625
No. of shares
Balance as at the end of the year                22,03,94,625 2,203.95                  22,03,43,000                        2,203.43 
B. Other Equity    
st
  For the year ended 31  March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Balance as at April 1, 2025
Addition
Dividend Paid
Proﬁt for the period
Other Comprehensive Income 
Adjustment for Prior Period Items
Non
Controlling
Interest
       58,673.91                                
182.12                             
(220.34)                         
20,063.15                                
(16.01)                               
(39.28)
      41.15                            
50.71                                           
-                                        
41.44                                       
-                                                   
-
        19,136.07 
                            
(220.34)                         
20,021.71                               
(16.01)                             
(39.28)
                       39,496.69                                   
 1.44
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
                          129.96
 -   
 -   
 -   
 - 
Reserves and surplus
Particulars Retained
earnings
Securities
Premium
Share Based
Payment Reserve
Total
Total comprehensive income for the year                      19,746.08 1.44                         19,969.63                                    92.16
Balance as at March 31, 2026
                        129.96 
                     38,882.14                          39,498.13                         78,643.54                                    133.30                         129.96
st
For the year ended 31  March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Restated balance at the April 1, 2024
Proﬁt for the period
Additions the Year
Utilisation During The Year
Other Comprehensive Income 
Adjustment for First Time Adoption Of IND AS
Non
Controlling
Interest
           8,730.28                            
12,558.81                            
39,441.70                            
(1,323.45)                                    
22.44                                
(755.87)
 -   
 (1.18)
 42.33 
 -   
 -   
 -
             7,309.51                            
12,559.99                                             
-                                               
-                                       
22.44                                
(755.87)
              1,420.77                                               
-                                
39,399.37                             
(1,323.45)                                              
-                                                 
-
 -   
-
 -   
 -   
 -   
 - 
Reserves and surplus
Particulars Retained
earnings
Securities
Premium
Share Based
Payment Reserve
Total
Total comprehensive income for the year                         11,826.56                           38,075.92                         49,943.63                                       41.15 
Balance as at March 31, 2025
-
                        19,136.07                           39,496.69                         58,673.91                                       41.15 -
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
NON CURRENT ASSETS 
st
Note No. 4:- Property Plant and Equipment As at 31  March 2026
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2025 Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March 2026
Balance as at
st
1  April 2025 On disposals Balance as at
st
31  March 2026
Balance as at
st
31  March 2026
Balance as at
st
31  March 2025
Tangible assets
(a) Land
- Leasehold 
- Free Hold 
(b) Building
- Own Asset
(c) Leasehold Improvements
(d) Plant & Machinery
(e) Furniture & ﬁxtures
(f) Vehicles
- Truck (Pick Up)
- Others
(g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
(h) Computer
(i) Solar Panel
(j) MFA
(k) Mobile
                                  
43.12                             
2,700.17                                         
-                               
1,805.91                                         
-                               
3,492.89                                
161.76                                                                                    
-                                  
522.40                                   
76.01                                
107.40                                
139.04                             
1,245.62                                     
6.65
                                        
-                                  
143.51                                         
-                             
11,176.41                                         
-                             
27,396.85                                   
35.19                                                                                    
-                                  
158.31                                   
74.77                                
161.21                             
1,241.47                             
1,914.53                                
761.07
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                     
10.69                                         
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
                                         
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-   
30.45                                      
-
                                  
43.12                             
2,843.69                                         
-                             
12,971.63                                         
-                             
30,889.73                                
196.95                                         
                                         
-                                  
680.71                                
150.78                                
268.61                             
1,380.51                             
3,129.70                                
767.72 
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                  
433.23                                         
-                               
1,214.54                                   
66.26                                         
                                          
-                                  
177.73                                   
36.85                                   
73.55                                   
64.95                                
499.12                                     
5.61 
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                  
588.26                                         
-                               
2,089.64                                   
29.15                                         
                                          
-                                  
105.42                                   
30.52                                   
64.10                                   
42.93                                
325.12                                
114.67 
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                       
0.13                                         
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                     
15.57                                         
-   
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                               
1,021.37                                         
-                               
3,304.17                                   
95.41                                         
                                          
-                                  
283.14                                   
67.37                                
137.65                                
107.87                                
808.67                                
120.27 
                                  
43.12                             
2,843.69                                         
-                             
11,950.26                                         
-                             
27,585.56                                
101.54                                         
                                          
-                                  
397.56                                   
83.41                                
130.95                             
1,272.63                             
2,321.03                                
647.45 
                                  
43.12                             
2,700.17                                         
-                               
1,372.68                                         
-                               
2,278.35                                   
95.50                                                                                   
-                                  
344.67                                   
39.16                                   
33.84                                   
74.09                                
746.50                                     
1.05 
Total (a)                          10,300.97                          43,063.31                                  41.14                          53,323.14                             2,571.84                             3,389.79                                  15.69                             5,945.93                          47,377.20                             7,729.13 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Tangible assets
(a) Land
- Leasehold 
- Free Hold 
(b) Building
- Own Asset
(c) Leasehold Improvements
(d) Plant & Machinery
(e) Furniture & ﬁxtures
(f) Vehicles
- Truck (Pick Up)
- Others
(g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
(h) Computer
(i) Solar Panel
(j) MFA
(k) Mobile
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1,263.95 
 -   
 2,352.08 
 31.73 
 -   
 53.79 
 25.81 
 25.22 
 71.42 
 796.56 
 1.89
                                  
43.12                             
2,700.17                                         
-                                  
245.62                                         
-                                  
408.52                                   
88.09                                         
                                          
-                                  
368.88                                   
31.12                                   
36.07                                   
11.50                                
117.30
-                                         
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                     
15.78                                         
-   
                                                              
-                                       
9.13                                         
-                                       
0.07                                         
-                                       
7.34                                         
-  
                                  
43.12                             
2,700.17                                         
-                               
1,509.57                                         
-                               
2,744.81                                
119.82                                         
                                           
-                                  
413.53                                   
56.94                                   
61.22                                   
82.92                                
906.53
1.89                                     
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                          
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                  
136.90                                         
-                                  
474.44                                   
24.32 
                                           
-                                     
75.81                                   
17.78                                   
27.44                                     
8.82                                
163.68
0.85                                    
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                           
-                                       
7.98                                         
-   
                                          
-                                       
6.96                                         
-                                       
0.07                                         
-                                       
3.65
-                                       
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                  
136.90 
                               
466.46                                   
24.32 
                                          
-                                     
68.86                                   
17.78                                   
27.38                                     
8.82                                
160.03
0.85                                   
                                  
43.12                             
2,700.17                                         
-                               
1,372.68 
                            
2,278.35                                   
95.50 
                                          
-                                  
344.67                                   
39.16                                   
33.84                                   
74.09                                
746.50
1.05                                    
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                               
1,263.95 
                            
2,352.08                                   
31.73 
                                           
-                                     
53.79 
                                  
25.22                                   
71.42                                
796.56
1.89                                    
Total (a)                             4,622.45                             4,050.39 32.33                            8,640.52 -                               930.04                                  18.66                                911.39                             7,729.13                             4,596.64 
Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March 2025
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024 On disposals Balance as at
st
31  March 2025
Balance as at
st
31  March 2025
Balance as at
st
31  March 2024
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024
(Cost/deemed cost)
Disclosure for Title deeds of Immovable property (PPE) not held in the name of Company
Title Deeds of all Immovable properties are held in the name of Company.
The Company has availed the deemed cost exemption as per IND AS 101 in relation to property, plant and equipment as on the date of transition i.e. 1 April 2024 and hence the net block carrying 
amount under previous GAAP has been considered as the gross block carrying amount on that date. Refer note below for the gross block value and the accumulated depreciation on 1 April 2024.
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 120 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
235 236
(Rs in Lakh)
CWIP
(i)  CWIP Ageing Schedule 
Total 
(as at 31st March,26)
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2025-26
       7,293.40
-
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
Less than 1 year 1 - 2 year 2 - 3 year More than 3 years
-
-
-
-
-
-
   7,293.40
-
(Rs in Lakh)
CWIP Total 
(as at 31st March,25)
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2024-25
       5,287.65
-
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
Less than 1 year 1 - 2 year 2 - 3 year More than 3 years
-
-
-
-
-
-
   5,287.65
-
(Rs in Lakh)
CWIP Total 
(as at 1st April,24)
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2023-24
       140.09
-
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
Less than 1 year 1 - 2 year 2 - 3 year More than 3 years
-
-
-
-
-
-
   140.09
-
Note No. 6:- Right to use Asset
As at 31st March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as
at 1st April
2025
Additions
 Deductions/
other
adjustments
Balance as
at 31st March
2026
Balance as
at 1st April
2025
Depreciation
charged for
the current
year
On disposals
Balance as
at 31st March
2026
Balance as
at 31st March
2026
Balance as
at 31st March
2025
Leasehold
Land
                            1,290.18                             4,579.49                                285.55                             5,584.13                                216.56                                262.86                                     6.36                                473.05                             5,111.08                             1,073.63 
Total                            1,290.18                             4,579.49                                285.55                             5,584.13                                216.56                                262.86                                     6.36                                473.05                             5,111.08                             1,073.63 
*Depreciation of Rs 72.84 Lakh is capitalized through Capital work in progress
As at 31st March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
1st April 2024
(Cost/deemed
cost)
Additions
 Deductions/
other
adjustments
Balance as
at 31st March
2025
Balance as
at 1st April
2024
Depreciation
charged for
the current
year
On disposals
Balance as
at 31st March
2025
Balance as
at 31st March
2025
Balance as
at 31st March
2024
Leasehold
Land
                            1,122.12                                168.06 -                            1,290.18 -                               216.56 -                               216.56                             1,073.63                             1,122.12 
Total                            1,122.12                                168.06 -                            1,290.18 -                               216.56 -                               216.56                             1,073.63                             1,122.12 
*Depreciation of Rs 2.88 Lakh is capitalized through Capital work in progress
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Balance at Beginning      
On Acquisition      
On Cessation       
Note No. 7:- Goodwill
-
-
-
-
0.20
-
As At 31st March 2026
Balance as at the end of the year 0.20 -
As At 31st March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Tangible assets
    (a) Land
        -Leasehold 
        -Free Hold 
    (b) Building
        -Own Asset
    (c) Leasehold Improvements
    (d) Plant & Machinery
    (e) Furniture & ﬁxtures
    (f) Vehicles
        -Truck (Pick Up)
        -Others
    (g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
    (h) Computer
    (i) Solar Panel
    (k) MFA
    (l) Mobile
As at 1st April 2024
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                               
1,263.95                                         
-                               
2,352.08                                   
31.73                                         
-                                           
-                                     
53.79                                   
25.81                                   
25.22                                   
71.42                                
796.56                                     
1.89 
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                                  
296.33                                         
-                                  
748.07                                   
41.94                                         
-                                           
-                                  
108.87                                   
19.07                                   
46.18                                   
56.12                                
339.10                                     
4.76 
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                               
1,560.29                                         
-                               
3,100.15                                   
73.67                                         
-                                           
-                                  
162.66                                   
44.88                                   
71.40                                
127.54                             
1,135.66                                     
6.65
Gross Block as
at 1 st April, 2024
Balance as at the end of the year                             6,282.91                             1,660.45                             4,622.45 
Accumulated
depreciation as
at 1 st April, 2024
Deemed cost as
at 1 st April, 2024
Note No. 5:- Capital Work In Progress
As at 31st March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
As at 31st March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
As at 1st April 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
 5,287.65  
 17,797.09  
 191.87  
 72.84  
  23,349.45 
 153.34  
 15,902.72  
 7,293.40
 140.09  
 5,285.63  
 8.01  
 2.88  
 5,436.61  
 8.87  
 140.09  
 5,287.65
 -    
 140.09  
 -    
 -    
  140.09 
 -    
 -    
 140.09
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress        
Add: Addition during the year        
Add: Borrowing Cost         
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset        
Total WIP        
Less: Reversal of Rent Expenses        
Less: Capitalized during the year        
Closing Capital Work-in-Progress        
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress        
Add: Addition during the year        
Add: Borrowing Cost         
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset        
Total WIP        
Less: Reversal of Rent Expenses        
Less: Capitalized during the year        
Closing Capital Work-in-Progress        
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress        
Add: Addition during the year        
Add: Borrowing Cost         
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset        
Total WIP        
Less: Reversal of Rent Expenses        
Less: Capitalized during the year        
Closing Capital Work-in-Progress        
As at 1st April 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
1st April 2023
(Cost/deemed
cost)
Additions
 Deductions/
other
adjustments
Balance as
at 1st April
2024
Balance as
at 1st April
2023
Depreciation
charged for
the current
year
On disposals
Balance as
at 1st April
2024
Balance as
at 1st April
2024
Balance as
at 31st March
2023
Leasehold
Land
- 1,122.12 - 1,122.12 - - - - 1,122.12 -
Total - 1,122.12 - 1,122.12 - - - - 1,122.12                            -
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 121 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
237 238
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Note No. 8 :- Non-Current Financial Assets - Investments
As at 31st March 2026
AmountQty
As at 31st March 2025
AmountQty
As at 1st April 2024
AmountQty
                                                    
-                                                       
-   
1625.27
1625.27
3,250.53
1.55
101.64
77.98
8.63                                                    
-  
 7.32                                                    
-                                                       
-                                                       
-                                                       
-                                                       
-   
5.67
99.99
302.78                                 
3,553.31
                                 
4,900                                  
4,900 
                                          
-                                             
-   
9,800 
                                 
2,400                           
1,02,000                        
16,00,000                                  
2,400                               
21,000                                  
9,000                                  
1,000                                  
3,600                               
50,000                                  
3,600                                      
190                               
75,000 
                                          
-   
18,70,190                    
18,79,990
0.49
0.49
1625.27
1625.27
3,251.51 
2.40
158.76
270.40
57.37
32.15
12.06
6.64
47.86
28.33
20.41
2.65
7.35
                                                                   
-   
646.38                                                
3,897.89
                                                           
-                                                              
-   
                                                           
-                                                              
-   
-   
                                                  
4,800                                            
1,02,000                                            
1,60,000                                                   
2,400                                                
20,000                                                            
-                                                              
-                                                              
-                                                  
50,000                                                            
-                                                              
-                                                              
-   
                                                           
-   
3,39,200                                        
3,39,200
                                                               
-                                                                  
-   
                                                               
-                                                                  
-   
  - 
6.42
165.58
256.07
27.33
36.78                                                               
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-  
 20.20                                                               
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-   
                                                            
-   
512.37                                                 
512.37
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 2,400 
 1,02,000 
 7,20,000 
 900 
 -   
 9,000 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 75,000 
 -   
 9,09,300 
 9,09,300
(A)  Investments carried at cost less accumulated 
impairment, if any    
    
 Investments in Equity Share Fully Paid up    
  Unquoted    
 Investment in Associate    
  DRIPL Solar Raj Project Seven Pvt. Ltd.    
  GDIPL Solar Raj Project Private Limited    
 Investment in Others    
  Investment In LLP - Happy Buildmart LLP    
  Investment In LLP - Harmony Buildstate LLP   
 Total (A)  
 
 (B)  Investments measured at Fair Value Through 
Proﬁt or Loss (FVTPL)    
    
 Investment in Equity shares of Other Companies    
 Quoted, fully paid up    
  Brisk Technovision Limited     
  Goyal Salt Limited     
  Motisons Jewellers Limited     
  Network People Services Technologies Limited     
  Swaraj Suiting Limited     
  Chavda Infra Limited    
  Jubilant Foodworks Limited    
  TAC Infosec Limited    
  Suzlon Energy  Limited    
  Alpex Solar Limited    
  Knowledge Marine and Engineering Works Limited    
  Rattanindia Power Limited    
 Investment in Mutual Fund    
  Quoted, fully paid up    
 SBI Dynamic Bond Fund - Regular Plan - Growth ( 
 Folio- 46375354)   
Total (B)    
Total(A+B)   
* Investment have been valued as per Accounting Policy No. 2.4 (a)
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
(a). Investments in Equity share of other companies  
Aggregate carrying amount of Quoted Investments 
Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments 
Aggregate carrying amount of Unquoted Investments 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments 
 
(b). Investments in Mutual Funds 
Aggregate carrying amount of Quoted Investments 
Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments 
Aggregate carrying amount of Unquoted Investments 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments
Carrying value and market value of quoted and unquoted investments are as below:
  512.37 
 512.37 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 646.38 
 646.38 
 3,251.51
 3,251.51
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 202.79 
 202.79 
 3,250.53 
 3,250.53 
 99.99 
 99.99 
 -   
 -
As at 31st
Mar 2026
As at 31st
Mar 2025
As at 1st
Apr 2024
Details of of Investment in Limited Liability Partnership Firm
Name of Partner with % share in proﬁts of such ﬁrm
Name Of Partners 01.04.2024
 -                                                                  
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited   
Vikas Jain   
Ekta Jain   
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited   
Manish Gupta   
Payal Gupta  
Name Of LLP 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
10.00%
85.00%
5.00%
10.00%
85.00%
5.00%
10.00%
85.00%
5.00%
10.00%
85.00%
5.00%
Happy Buildmart LLP   
Happy Buildmart LLP   
Happy Buildmart LLP   
Harmony Buildestate LLP   
Harmony Buildestate LLP   
Harmony Buildestate LLP
Total Capital Of Firm
Name of partnership ﬁrm 01.04.2024
 -                                                                  
-                                                                  
-                                                                  
-                                                                
Happy Buildmart LLP - Fixed Capital 
 Current Liability 
Harmony Buildestate LLP - Fixed Capital 
 Current Liability
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
5,00,00,000                                  
12,25,26,547                                     
5,00,00,000                                  
12,25,26,547 
5,00,00,000                                          
12,25,26,547                                             
5,00,00,000                                          
12,25,26,547 
 The company has investment in Happy Buildmart LLP dated on 26 Feb. 25  at C-02, Fluidcon House, New Aatish market, 
Mansarover Extension, Jaipur his Registration No. AAC-6123. The company has invested Rs. 40,000,000 having of the in ﬁxed 
capital and Rs. 122,526,547 in current capital. 
(b): The company has investment in Harmony Buildstate LLP dated on 26 Feb. 25  at C-02, Fluidcon House, New Aatish 
market, Mansarover Extension, Jaipur his Registration No. AAC-6131.  The company has invested Rs. 40,000,000 having of 
the in ﬁxed capital and Rs. 122,526,547 in current capital.
Note No. 9A:- Non-Current Financial Assets - Loans (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
1518.88
                                                                   
-
559.52                                               
2,078.40
1582.45
1442.55
957.59
 3,982.59
Loan to related parties       
Unsecured and considered good       
VM Portfolio Private limited        
       
Loan and advances to Others       
Unsecured and considered good       
 Kolumbus Financial Advisory Services LLP       
 Concorde International      
600.00
 -   
 -   
 600.00
Note No. 9B:- Current Financial Assets - Loans (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
664.49
-
664.49
-
21.51
21.51
Unsecured and considered good       Loan to others       
  -Loan to Others       
  -Loan to Staff
-
-
-
Note No. 10A:- Other Non-Current Financial Assets (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
118.50
321.49
1.18
354.35
                                             
795.53
5.00
307.06
0.40
2.90
226.00
1094.45
197.87
                                  
1,833.67
(i) Security Deposits   
Earnest Money Deposit (Tender)  
Security Deposit   
Secuirty Deposit Lease- Bassi (Ind AS Working)  
Rent Security  - Delhi Ofﬁce  
  
(ii) Others  
Advance for Project Acquired  
Project Premium for acquisition of Projects  
Fixed Deposits (Lien Marked) ( Having maturity more than 12 
months)   
99.36
0.77
35.10                                          
135.23
Note :- Fixed deposits are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 122 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
239 240
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 10B:- Other Current Financial Assets
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
170.07
1094.45
0.83
55.48
 1,320.83 
480.18
1.43
0.00
481.61
Accrued Income       
Project Premium for acquisition of Projects       
Other Receivable       
 Insurance Claim Receivable        
Stamp Duty Receivable      
10.75
                                             
10.75 
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 11A :- Other Non-current Assets
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
6977.22
1344.82
10.61
 8,332.65
8464.36
5.64
                                  
8,470.00 
(I) Capital Advance        
 Unsecured and considered good       
 -To Others       
       
(ii) Other Advance       
 Unsecured and considered good       
 -To Other Parties       
       
(ii) Others       
 Prepaid rent expense-Security Deposit       
 Club Membership Fees       
 Deferred revenue expenses       
 Preliminary Expenses      
19.21
0.19
10.00
321.42
14.57
 365.39
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 11B :-Other Current Assets
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
9407.17
26.12
207.94
0.25
4.25
10236.06
680.16
220.52
0.43
45.14
 20,828.04 
1086.57
7.90
2.81
844.91
224.26
0.31
9.01
42.31
 2,218.07 
(i) Advances other than capital advances       
-Unsecured and considered good       
 Advances to Suppliers & Job Worker        
 Advance to Staff        
 Advances to Vendors for Expenses        
 Advances to others        
 Other Advances        
       
(ii) Others       
 Input Tax Credit (GST)        
 Prepaid Expenses        
 Prepaid Rent        
 Prepaid rent expense-Security Deposit Current ( Indas)        
 Custom Duty Cash Ledger        
 RIPS Subsidy Receivable
718.41
6.76
3.99
681.68
24.02
0.09
368.35
 1,803.31 
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 12:- Inventories
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
13,801.93
868.99
18,312.67
4,018.08
180.13
342.22
52.20
329.01
 37,905.21 
5,661.70
90.31
1,246.02
178.20
331.41
189.94
 7,697.59
(Vaued at lower of cost and net realisable value)     
Raw Materials and components     
Work-in-progress      
Finished Goods     
   -Traded Goods     
   -Finished Goods     
Consumables and stores     
Stock-in-trade     
Packing Material     
Goods in Transit    
5,135.31
531.07
1,046.99
137.02
297.96
231.13
 7,379.47 
Note: a) Refer Note No. 18A  for information on inventories pledged as security by the Company.
Note No. 13 :- Trade Receivables (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
Total
                                         
28,158.52 
      28,158.52 
                                  
11,009.00                                   
11,009.00 
Unsecured & Considered good
Trade Receivables from others
                                         
5,196.21                                          
5,196.21 
Notes: (I) Ageing of trade receivables and credit risk arising therefrom is as below:
As at 31st March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Un-
billed
Not
Due
Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than
6 months
6 months
-1 year
1-2
years
2-3
years
More than
 3 Years
Undisputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired  
Disputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired  
Total   
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses  
Total  
13,598.12                                           
-                                             
-   
                                          
-                                             
-                                             
-                         
13,598.12 
-                      
13,598.12 
                       
109.06 
-
-
-                                  
-                                     
-                                     
-                        
109.06 
-                     
109.06
                                      
28,158.52                                                       
-                                                          
-   
                                                       
-                                                          
-                                                          
-                                      
28,158.52 
-                                   
28,158.52 
                               
3,316.66                                              
-                                                
-   
                                             
-                                                
-                                                
-                               
3,316.66
-                            
3,316.66 
                          
9,579.21                                       
-                                           
-   
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                          
9,579.21
-                       
9,579.21
                          
1,224.72                                      
-                                        
-   
                                     
-                                        
-                                        
-                           
1,224.72 
-                        
1,224.72 
                                               
307.08                                                           
-                                                             
-   
                                                          
-                                                             
-                                                             
-                                                
307.08 
-                                             
307.08 
                                           
23.67                                                    
-                                                      
-   
                                                   
-                                                      
-                                                      
-                                            
23.67 
-                                         
23.67 
As at 31st March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Un-
billed
Not
Due
Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than
6 months
6 months
-1 year
1-2
years
2-3
years
More than
 3 Years
Undisputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired  
Disputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired  
Total   
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses  
Total  
9,579.19                                         
-                                             
-   
                                          
-                                             
-                                             
-                         
9,579.19
-                      
9,579.19
                       
-
-
-
-                                  
-                                     
-                                     
-                        
-
-                     
-
                                       
11,008.99 
-                                                          
-   
                                                       
-                                                          
-                                                          
-                                       
11,008.99 
-                                    
11,008.99
                               
94.01                                       
-                                                
-   
                                             
-                                                
-                                                
-                               
94.01 
-                            
94.01
                           
1,238.28 
-                                           
-   
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-                           
1,238.28 
-                        
1,238.28
                          
31.07                               
-                                        
-   
                                     
-                                        
-                                        
-                           
31.07
-                        
31.07
                                               
42.78                                                          
-                                                             
-   
                                                          
-                                                             
-                                                             
-                                                
42.78
-                                             
42.78
                                           
23.67                                                    
-                                                      
-   
                                                   
-                                                      
-                                                      
-                                            
23.67 
-                                         
23.67 
As at 1st April 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Un-
billed
Not
Due
Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than
6 months
6 months
-1 year
1-2
years
2-3
years
More than
 3 Years
Undisputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired  
Disputed Trade receivables  
- considered good  
- which have signiﬁcant increase
in credit risk  
- credit impaired   
 4,475.97                              
-                                             
-   
                                          
-                                             
-                                             
-
                       
-
-
-
-                                  
-                                     
-                                     
-
                                       
5,181.73
-                                                          
-   
                                                       
14.49
-                                                          
-
                               
127.96                                     
-                                                
-   
                                             
-                                                
-                                                
-
                           
516.13
-                                           
-   
                                        
-                                           
-                                           
-
                          
12.78                               
-                                        
-   
                                     
-                                        
-                                        
-
                                               
25.23                                                     
-                                                             
-   
                                                          
-                                                             
-                                                             
-
                                           
23.67                                                    
-                                                      
-   
                                                   
14.49
-                                                      
-
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 123 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
241 242
Total   
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses  
Total  
4,475.97 
-                       
4,475.97
-
-                     
-
5,196.22
-                                    
5,196.22
127.96
-                            
127.96
516.13
-                        
516.13
12.78
-                        
12.78
25.23
-                                             
25.23
38.16
-                                         
38.16
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 14:- Cash and Cash Equivalents
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
                                           
4,891.10                                            
3,859.68                                                           
-                                                     
48.33 
8,799.10
                                         
181.06                                                    
-   
-                                              
45.89 
226.95
Balance with Banks       
- In Current Accounts       
- In Deposit Accounts (having maturity less than 3 months)       
- Cheques/ Drafts on hand        
- Cash on Hand (As Certiﬁed by Management)       
Total      
 4,746.54 
 -   
 -   
 80.03 
 4,826.57
Note :- Fixed deposits are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
(Rs in Lakh)Note No. 14A:- Other Bank Balances
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
                                           
7,956.88                                          
35,337.86                                       
43,294.74
                                  
31,171.11                                                    
-                                  
31,171.11 
Fixed Deposits (having maturity more than 3 months but 
less than 12 months )
In Current Accounts ( Earmarked)
Total
                                            
649.48                                                        
-                                             
649.48 
Note :- Fixed deposits are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
 NOTES ON STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note No. 15:- Equity Share Capital (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
                              
                  2,700.00 
           2,700.00                   
                2,203.95 
2,203.95
                              
                  2,700.00 
           2,700.00                   
                2,203.43 
2,203.43
Authorised Share Capital     
27,00,00,000 Equity Shares, of Rs. 1 each, (As at 31st March 
2025 -27,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 1 each,As at 1st April 
2024 -2,30,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each)
Issued, Subscribed & Paid up     
22,03,94,625 Fully Paid up Equity Shares, of Rs. 1 each, (As at 
31 March 2025 - 22,03,43,000 Equity Shares Fully paid up of 
Rs. 1 each , As at 1st April 2024 - 2,08,32,000 Equity Shares 
Fully paid up of Rs.10 each)    
Total
                              
                  2,300.00 
           2,300.00                   
                2,083.20
2,083.20
(i) Reconciliation of the number of Equity shares outstanding
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 22,03,43,000 
 51,625 
 -   
 22,03,94,625
 20,83,20,000 
 1,20,23,000.00 
 -   
 22,03,43,000
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year     
(+) Shares Issued during the year     
(-) Shares bought back during the year     
Shares outstanding at the end of the year
 20,83,20,000 
 -   
 -   
 20,83,20,000
(a) The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of Rs.1/-. Each Holder 
of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share and Dividend as and when declared by the Company.        
       (b) In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the 
remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.        
(c) The Company has not issued any shares for consideration other than cash.        
(d) The Company has not made bought back any shares from the date of incorporation.         
(e) During the Financial year 2024-25 on 11/12/2024 company has raised money of Rs. 39519.60 lakhs by issuing 
through Preferential Share issue of 12,02,300 shares of Rs. 10 each on a premium of Rs. 3277 per share (Rs. 3287 
Including premium) total amounting of Rs. 39,51,960,100 through preferential share issue.        
       (f) During the year 2022-23 the Company has issued shares through IPO(Initial Public Offering) of Rs. 5,83,20,000 
(Rupees Five crore Eighty three lakhs Twenty thousand only) each share of Rs. 10 i.e. 58,32,000 shares.        
       (g) During the year 2021-22 the Company has issued bonus shares of Rs. 12,50,00,000 (Rupees Twelve crore ﬁfty 
lakhs only) each share of Rs. 10 i.e. 1,25,00,000 equity  shares for consideration other than cash        
       (h) During the Financial Year 2025-26 on 14/11/2026 company has issued Employee stock option plan for Rs 1.96 
lakhs [51,625 shares of Rs. 1 each on a premium of Rs 2.80 per share (Rs. 3.80 including premium) total amounting 
of Rs. 1,96,175 through ESOP issue.]        
(iv) Details of Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
 As at 31st March 2026 
% Change during the year
As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
No of
Shares held  % of Holding No of
Shares held  % of Holding 
 7,27,70,800 
 7,25,07,300 
 6,600 
 7,600 
 14,52,92,300
33.02%
32.90%
0.00%
0.00%
65.92%
7,27,70,800                          
7,25,07,300                                    
6,600                                    
7,600                      
14,52,92,300
33.03%
32.91%
0.00%
0.00%
65.94%
-0.01%
-0.01%
0.00%
0.00%
S. No. Name of
Shareholder
Manish Gupta
Vikas Jain
Payal Gupta
Ekta Jain
Total
1
2
3
4
 As at 31st March 2025 
% Change during the year
As at 31st Mar 2025 As at 31st Mar 2024
No of
Shares held  % of Holding No of
Shares held  % of Holding 
7,27,70,800                   
7,25,07,300                              
6,600                              
7,600                
14,52,92,300 
33.03%
32.91%
0.00%
0.00%
72,88,880                             
72,74,880                                          
60                                          
60                         
1,45,63,880 
34.98%
34.92%
0.00%
0.00%
-1.96%
-2.02%
0.00%
0.00%
S. No. Name of
Shareholder
Manish Gupta
Vikas Jain
Payal Gupta
Ekta Jain
Total
1
2
3
4
(v) Aggregate number of right issues and issued under share based payment
Particulars
st
As at 31  March 2025
st
As at 31  March 2026
51,625                                 
51,625 
Issued Under Share based payment
Shares outstanding at the end of the year
-
                    -
For details of shares reserved for issue under the Share based payment plan of the company. (Refer Note 41)
Note No. 16-: Other Equity (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
39,498.13 
129.96                             
38,882.14 
78,510.24
 39,496.69 
 -   
 19,136.07 
 58,632.76
a) Security Premium     
b) Other Reserves    
I) Share Based Payment Reserve     
c) Retained Earnings         
Total      
 1,420.77 
 -   
 7,309.51 
 8,730.28
Nature and Movement of each component of other equity is as follows:
a) Security Premium (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 39,496.69 
 1.44 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 39,498.13
 1,420.77 
 39,399.37 
 1,323.45 
 -
 39,496.69
Balance at the beginning of the year     
(+) On Issue of Equity Shares      
 - Deletion     
-Preferential Issue Expenses      
(+) Other Adjustments for IND AS ﬁrst time adoption     
Balance at the end of the year    
 1,422.78 
 -   
 2.01 
 -   
 -   
 1,420.77
(ii) Terms/ Rights attached to equity shares      
Name of Shareholder
As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
No of
Shares held  % of Holding No of
Shares held  % of Holding No of
Shares held  % of Holding 
 7,27,70,800 
 7,25,07,300 
 14,52,78,100
33.03%
32.91%
65.93%
 7,27,70,800 
 7,25,07,300 
 14,52,78,100
33.03%
32.91%
65.93%
 72,88,000 
 72,74,880 
 1,45,62,880
34.98%
34.92%
69.91%
Manish Gupta
Vikas Jain
Total
(iii) Details of Shares in the company held by each Equity shareholder holding more than 5 percent
Equity shares
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 124 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
243 244
 46,888.94 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 46,888.94
 1,154.04 
 597.64 
 597.64 
 -   
 1,154.04
 Total (A) 
Unsecured  Loans      
    -External Commercial Borrowings      
 Less: Current maturities (carried to Note No.18B)      
 Total (B)      
 Total (A+B)    
 1,315.19 
 1,631.23 
 1,060.30 
 570.93 
 1,886.12 
 (i) Description Note for Secured Loans :-
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Details  of loan of Insolation Energy Limited     
     
- HDFC Bank Term Loan         
a) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Bassi    
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 4,07,00,000 is repayable 
in 78 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum 
starting f rom 01 July 2025 and principal repayment 
commences from 10 January 2026 amounting to INR 5,21,793/-
, comprising one instalment of INR 3,24,358/- and remaining 
instalments of INR 1,97,435/- each.)     
 
b) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Mamana      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 7,70,00,000 is repayable in 
78 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum 
starting f rom 01 July 2025 and principal repayment 
commences from 30 January 2026 amounting to INR 
9,87,179/-, comprising one instalment of INR 4,92,316/- and 
remaining instalments of INR 4,94,863/- each.)     
 
c) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Shahpura     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 4,17,20,000 is repayable in 
78 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum 
starting from 08 August 2025 and principal repayment 
commences from 8 March 2026 amounting to INR 5,34,871/-.)     
     
- AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan      
a) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Badgaon     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,05,00,000 is repayable in 
174 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum 
starting from 29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in 
monthly installments  commences from 18 July 2026 )     
     
b) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Idana     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 6,26,00,000 is repayable in 
174 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum 
starting from 29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in 
monthly installments  commences from 18 July 2026 )     
     
c) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Bhabharana     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 5,90,00,000 is repayable in 
174 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum 
starting from 29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in 
monthly installments  commences from 18 July 2026 )     
(Rs in Lakh)
 391.35 
 
740.38 
 411.85 
 305.00 
 626.00 
 590.00 
b) Other Reserves  (i) Share Based Payment Reserve (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
-
129.96
-
129.96
-
-
-
-
Balance at the beginning of the year     
(+) Addition
(-)  Deduction 
Balance at the end of the year   
-
-
-
-
* On 15.10.2025 , a ﬁnal dividend of `Rs 0.10  per share for 2024-25 was paid to holders of fully paid equity shares.                                                                                                                                                                                         
** Expenses relates to IPO expenses and issue of shares under the companies act, 2013 have been expensed out of 
reserve & surplus (Security premium of shares) of the Company.        
               
Nature and purpose of reserves:        
       (i) Securities premium         
The amount received in excess of face value of equity shares is recognised in share premium. This reserve is 
utilised in accordance with the speciﬁc provisions of the Companies Act 2013.        
       (ii) Share based payment reserve         
The company offers Employee share option plan (ESOP), under which options to subscribe for the company's 
share have been granted to certain employees and senior management. The share based payment reserve is 
used to recognise the value of equity settled share based payments provided as part of the ESOP scheme.        
              (iii) Retained earnings         
Retained earnings represents surplus/accumulated earnings of the Company and are available for distribution to 
shareholders.       
Note No. 17:- Non Controlling Interests 
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 41.15 
 50.92 
 (0.21)
 91.86 
 41.44 
 133.30
 -   
 42.33 
 -   
 42.33 
 (1.18)
 41.15
Opening Balance     
 Add:  Share in Capital      
 Add: Share in Pre Acquisition Reserves
 
 Add: Proﬁt During the Period
Total      
-
-
-
-
-
(Rs in Lakh)
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Note No. 18A:- Non-current Borrowings
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 9,564.60 
 39,067.11 
 1,742.78
 
1,322.39 
 85.34 
 253.69
(A) Secured Loans    
            Term Loan    
             i)  From Banks    
             i)  From NBFC    
 Less: Current maturities (carried to Note No.18B) 
 1,485.05 
-
 169.86
(Rs in Lakh)
c) Retained Earnings
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
 19,136.07 
 20,005.70 
 
220.34 
 38,921.43 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (27.60)
 (11.68)
 38,882.14
 7,309.51 
 12,582.43 
 -   
 19,891.94 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (680.64)
 (10.00)
 (22.09)
 -   
 (43.15)
 19,136.07 
Balance at the beginning of the year     
(+) Net Proﬁt after tax transferred from Statement of Proﬁt 
and Loss        
(-) Dividend Paid*     
 
Other Adjustments for IND AS ﬁrst time adoption     
+/-Adjustment of decrease in Market Value of Investment as 
on 31.03.2024 as compare to cost of Investment     
+/-Adjustment of DTA/DTL      
+/-Adjustment of Deffered Revenue Expense     
+/-Adjustment of Club Membership Fees     
+/-Adjustment of Preliminary Expense     
Adjustment of prior period     
+/-Adjustment of QIP Expense     
Balance at the end of the year   
 7,330.10 
 -   
 7,330.10 
 (36.37)
 15.78 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 7,309.51 
The details of movement in retained earnings is as below:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 125 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
245 246
 -  
 95.51 
 -   
 85.34 
 -   
-
-
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
-
-
2 july 2024. Interests is payable at the rate of 9.00% per annum)     
 
-ICICI Bank Car Loan     
(Sanctioned loan amount of INR 80,00,000 is repayable in 60 
equal monthly instalments of INR 1,62,212 each, commencing 
from 10 February 2026. Interest is payable at the rate of 8.00% 
per annum.)     
 
-HDFC Bank Car Loan     
(Sanctioned loan amount of INR 10,00,00,000 is repayable in 
39 equal monthly instalments of INR 2,94,357 each, 
commencing from 05 February 2025. Interest is payable at the 
rate of 8.53% per annum.)     
 
ii) From NBFC     
     
-Bajaj Finance Services Ltd     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 50,00,00,000 is repayable 
in 72 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 12 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.90% per annum 
starting f rom 01 Oct 2025 and principal repayment 
commences from 05 November 2026 amounting to INR 
83,33,333/- monthly )     
 
-Mercedes-Benz Financial Services India  Pvt Ltd     
(Sanctioned loan amount of INR 1,00,00,000 is repayable in 60 
equal monthly instalments of INR 2,05,715 each, commencing 
from 10 February 2026. Interest is payable at the rate of 9.96% 
per annum.)     
 
-Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Ltd 
(IREDA)     
(Sanctioned loan amount of INR 11,34,00,00,000 is repayable in 
36 Quaterly instalments with a morotarium period of 12 
Months  of INR 34,02,00,000 each, commencing from 31 
December 2027. Interest is payable at the rate of 9.20% per 
annum.)     
     
Details of loan of subsidiary of (Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited)     
     
Term Loan      
i)  From Banks     
     
SBI Bank Term Loan     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 8,50,00,000 is repayable 
in 173 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.40% per annum 
starting f rom 01 Jan 2026 and principal repayment 
commences from 01 July 2026 amounting to INR 4,91,330/- per 
month)     
 
HDFC Bank Term Loan     
a) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Gorchiya I     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 8,57,00,000 is repayable in 
5 years with a moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is 
repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 29 Nov 
2025 and principal repayment commences from 29 August 
 77.76 
 67.22 
 
5,000.00 
 67.11 
 34,000.00 
 
633.91 
 
855.65 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 13.36 
 1,183.31 
 2.49 
 11.60 
 16.12 
 -   
 -   
 45.12 
 51.76 
 23.49 
 1,359.84 
 4.84 
 -   
 -   
 
d) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Punjpur     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,25,00,000 is repayable in 
174 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum 
starting from 29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in 
monthly installments  commences from 18 July 2026 )     
     
e) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Richha     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,25,00,000 is repayable in 
174 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 6 
months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum 
starting from 29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in 
monthly installments  commences from 18 July 2026 )     
     
- SBI Bank Term Loan     
Term loan(iv)     
(Term Loan III of SBI is repayable in 60  monthly installment  
commencing from Dec.  2021 (Instalment  1 to 60 of Rs. 1.42 
Lakhs).     
     
Term loan (iv)     
(Term Loan IV of SBI is repayable in 66  monthly installment  
commencing from Dec.  2021 (Instalment  1 to 65 of Rs. 1.53 
Lakhs and last i.e. 66th instalment of Rs. 1.54 Lakhs).     
 
Car  Loan      
(Loan Repayable in 59 equal monthly instalments of Rs. 
99834/- (principal plus interest) and 1 instalment of Rs. 
1,11,494/- starts from April 2021.)     
 
Details of loan of Subsidiary (Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited)     
     
-SBI Bank Term Loan     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 15,00,00,000 is repayable 
in 98 monthly instalments with a moratorium period of 14 
months Commencing f rom April 2023 in 24 monthly 
installment of Rs.10 Lakhs (April 23 to March 24), 12 monthiy 
installment of Rs. 15 Lakhs (April 24 to March 25) , 24 monthly 
installment of Rs.20 Lakhs (April 25 to March 27), 24 monthly 
installment of Rs.25 Lakhs (April 27 to March 29).     
 
-SBI Bank Car Loan I     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 7,00,000 repayable in 36 
equally monthly installments of Rs 22,260/- commencing 
from April 2023. Interests is payable at the rate of 9.00% per 
annum)     
 
-SBI Bank Car Loan II     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 15,00,000 repayable in 36 
equally monthly installments of Rs 47,640/- commencing 
from 5 july 2024. Interests is payable at the rate of 8.90% per 
annum)     
 
-SBI Bank Car Loan III     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 20,00,000 repayable in 36 
equally monthly installments of Rs 63,600 commencing from 
 325.00 
 325.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1,001.13 
 
6.70 
 9.64 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 126 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
247 248
Details of Securities against Loan               
In Case of Holding Company Insolation Energy Limited       
 
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from HDFC Bank       
Primary Security        
1. Exclusive charge on plant and machinery ﬁnanced out of the term loan for the project.        
2. Service Reserve Account (DSRA) in the form of ﬁxed deposits equivalent to one quarter of debt servicing obligations (including 
principal and interest), to be shared among the proposed term lenders.        
 
Collateral Security        
1. Subservient charge on present and future movable ﬁxed assets of the Company.        
2. Subservient charge on immovable ﬁxed assets mortgaged with State Bank of India situated at Khasra No. 766/2, Village Bagwara, 
Tehsil Amer, District Jaipur – 303805, measuring 60,771.85 sq. ft.        
 
Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1.  Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from AU Small Finance Bank               
Primary Security        
1. The term loan is secured by a ﬁrst and exclusive charge by way of hypothecation over the plant and machinery acquired/ﬁnanced out 
of the said facility.        
        
Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1. The facility is also backed by a corporate guarantee provided by Insolation Green Energy Private Limited, having its registered ofﬁce at 
C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Jaipur, Rajasthan – 302029.        
 
> * Security against Secured loan taken from Bank (SBI)        
-Primary Security        
a) First charge by way of Hypothecation on all current & ﬁxed assets including book debts of the Company both present and future.        
b) First Charge on all other movable and immovable ﬁxed assets, plant & Machinery etc. (present and future) of the Company.        
        
-Collateral Security        
1. Equitable mortgage of factory Land and Building situated at Khasra No. 766/2, Village Bagwara, Tehsil-Amer Dist. -Jaipur in the name 
of Sh. Manish Gupta and Sh. Vikas Jain Director of the Company admeasuring 5645.89 sq. mtrs        
 
-Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
 
>*Car Loan Details        
a) Bank of Baroda  Car Loan is secured by  ﬁrst charge on Car and  secured by personal Guarantee of Manish Gupta, Vikas Jain, Directors 
of the Company.         
b) Bank of Baroda Car Loan (Volvo XC 60) is secured by Hypothecation of Car of Rs. 50,00,000/- repayable in 59 equal monthly 
instalments of Rs. 99834/- (principal plus interest) and 1 instalment of Rs. 1,11,494/- starts from April 2021.        
 
>*External Commercial Borrowings Details        
"Company has taken External Commercial Borrowings from Energy Access Relief Fund B.V., A company incorparated at Netherlands 
having registered ofﬁce at Amsterdam. Loan taken on Personal Guarantees of following Directors :
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)"        
 
In Case of Subsidiary Company Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from SBI Bank (Term Loan)        
-Primary Security        
a) First charge by way of hypothecation on all current and ﬁxed assets including book debts of the Company both present and future 
and First charge on all other movable and immovable ﬁxed assets , plant and machinery etc. (present and future) of the Company.           
 
b) Equitable mortgage on situated on Industrial Plot No. Khasra No. 11/1, 1136/9, 1140/10, Village Jatawali, Teh-Chomu, Jaipur, Rajasthan, 
admeasuring 10,000 sq.mtr. in the name of Sh. Manish Gupta and Sh. Vikas Jain            
 
Collateral Security        
 EM of Building  C2, Block C, New Atish Market Extension, Jaipur in the name of Manish Gupta and Vikas Jain admesearing total area 
199.88 Sq. mtrs.d.) Extension of Charge on factory land & building of M/s Insolation Energy Limited situated at Khasra No. 766/2 village 
Bhagwara, Tehsil Amer District Jaipur in the name of Manish Gupta and Vikas Jain, Directors of the Company admeasuring 5645.89)          
        
Personal Guarnatee        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1.  Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
-
-
-
-
 1,407.73 
 -   
-
 1,407.73
-
-
-
-
 1,485.05 
-
 -   
 1,485.05
2026 amounting to INR 47,53,627/- per Quarter)     
 
b) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Gorchiya II     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 8,57,00,000 is repayable in 
5 years with a moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is 
repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 29 Nov 
2025 and principal repayment commences from 29 August 
2026 amounting to INR 47,53,627/- per Quarter)     
 
c) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Laxman Nagar     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 6,50,00,000 is repayable 
in 5 year with a moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is 
repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 28 Nov 
2025 and principal repayment commences from 28 August 
2026 amounting to INR 36,11,111/- per month)     
 
d) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Ridmalsar 1     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 8,50,00,000 is repayable 
in 5 year with a moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is 
repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 28 Nov 
2025 and principal repayment commences from 28 August 
2026 amounting to INR 47,22,222/- per month)     
     
e) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Ridmalsar 2     
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 8,42,34,000 is repayable in 
5 years with a moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is 
repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 28 Nov 
2025 and principal repayment commences from 28 August 
2026 amounting to INR 46,79,666/- per month)     
 
Total (A)     
Less: Current maturities (repayable within 12 Months from the 
reporting date)      
Total (Carried to Note No. 18B)     
Total - Net of Current Maturities    
 855.65 
 842.34 
 
850.00 
 
650.00 
 
48,631.72 
 
1,742.78 
 1,742.78 
 46,888.94
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 127 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
249 250
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from SBI Bank Car Loan        
-SBI Bank Car Loan I        
Secured by Hypothecation of Car (Hyundai i20)         
        
-SBI Bank Car Loan II        
Secured by Hypothecation of Car (KIA Seltos)        
        
-SBI Bank Car Loan III        
Secured by Hypothecation of Car (Mahindra XUV{RJ14 UK 6673} {RJ14 UL 2802} )        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from HDFC Bank Car Loan        
Secured by Hypothecation of Car (RJ14UN2610)        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from Bajaj Financial Services Ltd        
Primary Security        
-1st pari-passu charge with SBI over the IMFA &  MFA of Jatawali Unit (FaCtory situated  at  Khasra  No.  11/1,  1136/9,  1140/ 10  Jatawali  Ind  
Area,  Tehsil Chomu, Jaipur. Admeasuring  10,000 Sq. meters in the name of Manish Gupta and Vikas Jain with minimum FACR of 1.25x.        
        
Personal Guarnatee        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1.  Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from Mercedes-Benz Financial Services India  Pvt Ltd        
Secured by Hypothecation of Car (Mercedes-Benz GLE450d4M)        
        
        
> * Security and Guarantee against loan taken from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Ltd (IREDA)        
Primary Security        
(a) First  charge  by  way  of mortgage  (equitable/registered)  of all  the  immovable properties of the Borrower pertaining to Project, 
both present and future. In case of  leasehold  immovable  properties.  mortgage/assignment  of  leasehold  rights over such property.        
 
"(b) A ﬁrst charge by way of hypothecation on the following. along with power of attorney:
•   on all the Borrower's  movable  properties  and assets pertaining  to the Project.  including  moveable  plant  and  machinery.  
machinery  spares. equipment,  tools  and  accessories.  furniture,  ﬁxtures.  vehicIet  and  all other  movable  assets  wherever  situated.  
both present and  future.  and the same shall not include the Current Assets.
•   over  all  the  bank  accounts  of  the  Borrower  relating  to  the  Project, including, the Escrow Account / No-lien account till the 
achievement of Project COD.
•   over  rights,  title  and  interest.  beneﬁcial  interest.  claims  and  demands whatsoever of the Borrower:"        
 
(i)   in the Government  approvals,  clearances,  licenses.  permissions  etc.. both present 6‹ future pertaining to the Project, subject to 
Applicable Laws: and        
(ii)  in   Project   Documents   including   supply   agreements,   contracts. insurance          policies/contracts,          insurance          
proceeds. guarantees/insurance  bonds  under  the  contracts  etc.,  both  present and future with respect to the Project; and        
        
(iii) over  all intangibles  of the Borrower  including  but  not limited  to goodwill,  intellectual  property  rights.  undertakings  and  
uncalled capital. present and future: and        
(iv) in  any  letter  of credit,  guarantee  including  contractor  guarantees and  liquidated  damages  and performance  bond  provided  
by any party to the Project Documents. both present and future.        
        
Note:  The  Working  Copitof  Lenders  shelf  he ve a  ﬁrst chorge  on  aﬂ the  CtirrvnI Assets  of the Project and sho/f  he ve the second 
chorge  on  o// thr  fxed octets  o/ the  Project  to  the  extent  of  Working Capitol  Fociﬁty.  Further,  the  IREDA  iAa// he ve  ﬁst charge on 
the E ct-ow Accents t tiff  DOD.   Post ochievemvnt  o/ the DOD the  Working  Copi‘tof  Lender   shoﬂ he ve the  ﬁrst chorge  on the  
Escrc›w  Account end the  /RFDA  she// he ve the second chorge on  the Escrow  Account.        
 
Personal Guarnatee        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1.  Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
        
In Case of Subsidiary CompanyInsolation green Infra Private Limited        
        
> * Security against Secured loan taken from Bank (SBI)        
-Primary Security        
"Exclusive   ﬁrst  hypothecation   charge   on  all  the  ﬁxed assets   including   plant   and   machinery   and   movable properties,   
machine   spares,   tools   and   accessories, furniture,  ﬁxture, vehicle and other movable  assets, both present and future relating to this 
project.Detail  of  Plant  and Machinery  -  Solar  Panels,  Inverter, Transformer,  Structure  and Other Equipment  Of Project 
Etc.Exclusive  ﬁrst  charge  on  the  entire  cash  ﬂows,  current assets,  receivables,   book  debts  and  revenues  of  this projects   of  
whatsoever   nature   and  wherever   arising, both present and future. Assignment   or  ﬁrst   charge   on  all  project   documents 
including PPAs.
Assignment  or  creation  of  exclusive  ﬁrst  charge  on  all rights,  titles,  interests,  beneﬁts,  claims  and  demand  in project  
documents  (including  without  limitation  of  PPA, lease  agreements,  sub-lease  agreements),  clearances, insurance,   contracts,   
proceeds   under   the   insurance contracts,   relating   to  the   projects,   both  present   and future.
Equitable Mor tgage  on Leasehold  Rights  of all par t  and parcel of the immovable proper ties below :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Agriculture Land at Khata No. S Khasra No 377/73(New) (Khata  No S Khasra  No 73/1(Old))  (Lease  Area:  3.3993 hectare)  at  Village:  
Durgani  Tehsil:  Bap  Dist:  Phalodi (Jodhpur)."        
 
-Collateral Security        
30% Pledge of Shares of borrowing company.        
        
-Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
1.  Shri Vikas Jain S/o Shri Mahendra Kumar Jain        
2.  Shri Manish Gupta S/o Late Shri Subhash Chandra Gupta        
 
> * Security against Secured loan taken from Bank (HDFC) (Gorchiya)        
-Primary Security        
•     Current Assets-Exclusive charge on the present & tuture current assets of the entity        
•     Movable Fired assets-Exclusive charge on the present & future Movable ﬁxed assets of the entity        
•     Fixed Deposits -DSRA egual to 1  quarter to be shared for proposed term loan (Both Principal and lnterest)        
•     Pledge of Shares-Pledge of '28% shares of GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Pvt Ltd        
        
-Collateral Security        
•     Movable Fixed assets-Sub-servient charge over the assets of Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd        
        
-Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
• Personal Guarantee of Promoters- Manish Gupta and Vikas Jain        
        
        
> * Security against Secured loan taken from Bank (HDFC) (Laxman Nagar & Ridmalsar)         
-Primary Security        
•     Current Assets-Exclusive charge on the present & tuture current assets of the entity        
•     Movable Fired assets-Exclusive charge on the present & future Movable ﬁxed assets of the entity        
•     Pledge of Shares-Pledge of '28% shares of GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Pvt Ltd        
•     Fixed Deposits -DSRA egual to 1  quarter to be shared for proposed term loan (Both Principal and lnterest)        
        
-Collateral Security        
•     Movable Fixed assets-Sub-servient charge over the assets of Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd        
        
-Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:        
• Personal Guarantee of Promoters- Manish Gupta and Vikas Jain           
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 128 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
251 252
Note No. 18B-: Current Borrowings
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 24,685.58 
 -   
 1,742.78 
 26,428.36 
 10,134.92 
  
 22.40 
 5.05 
  
 -   
 10,162.37 
 36,590.73
 8,803.80 
-
 253.69 
 9,057.49 
-
 10.00 
-
 597.64 
 607.64 
 9,665.13
(A) Secured     
From Banks     
            (i) Loans repayable on demand      
     Current Maturities of long term borrowings (Carried 
from Note No. 18A)     
  From Bank      
 Total (A)       
(B) Unsecured      
From Others     
            (i) Loans repayable on demand      
From Others     
  Ganesh Décor India Pvt Ltd (GDIPL)    
  Elaine Energy     
      Current Maturities of long term borrowings (Carried 
from Note No. 18A)     
  -External Commercial Borrowings     
 Total (B)      
Total (A+B)    
 6,486.34 
-
 169.86 
 6,656.20 
-
-
-
 1,060.30 
 1,060.30 
 7,716.50
 (i) Description Note for Secured Loans :-
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 1,471.80 
 3,205.63 
 3,678.17 
 8,529.99 
 7,800.00 
 24,685.58
 1,811.01 
 2,793.68 
 4,199.10 
 -   
 -   
 8,803.80
 1,679.16 
 4,807.18 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 6,486.34 
Details  of loan of Insolation Energy Limited     
i)  From Banks     
a) Cash Credit (SBI)     
     
Details of loan of Subsidiary (Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited)     
ii)  From Banks (Loan Repayable on Demand)     
a) Cash Credit (SBI)     
b) Cash Credit (HDFC)     
c) Working Capital Demand Loan (SBI)     
d) Working Capital Demand Loan (HDFC)     
Total (A)     
Security and Guarantee against Cash Credit and WCDL from HDFC        
        
Primary Security        
 Current Assets - First Pari Passu charge on present and future current assets of the company        
Movable Fixed assets - First Pari Passu charge on present and movable ﬁxed assets of the company situated at Sawarda        
" Immovable Fixed assets –
i) Plot No. C-02 , Scheme-New Atish Market Ext., Khasra No.73 (Part)74 & 66 (Part) Village-Sukhalpura, Gopalpura Byepass, Jaipur (Raj) 
Pin Code-302020
ii) Industrial Property Situated At North Part Of Khasra No 11/1, 1136/9 &1140/10, Village- Jatawali, Near Jatawali Industrial Area, Chomu- 
Jatawali Road, Teshil- Chomu, Jaipur (Raj) Pin Code303806
iii) First Pari Passu charge on the Property situated at Khasra No. 4205/3454,4207/3460,3447,3448,3449,3450,3451,345 
383/3458,3488,3489,3490,3491,3492,3493,3494,34 95,3496,3497,3498,3500,3501,3502,3503,3504,3505,3506,3507, 3508,3509,3511 Gram 
Sawarda, Tehsil Mauzamabad, Jaipur having valuation of Rs. 1000 Mn "        
        
Personal Guarnatee        
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)        
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)        
        
Corporate Guarantee :        
1.  Insolation Green Energy Private Limited        
        
Security and Guarantee against Cash Credit and WCDL From SBI         
Refer Note No. 18A Non Current Borrowings regarding security of cash credit from SBI        
Note No. 19A-: Non-current Lease Liabilities 
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 4,726.30 
 4,726.30 
 925.70 
 925.70 
Lease Obligation
Total
 911.51 
 911.51 
Note No. 19B-: Current Lease Liabilities
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 585.71 
 585.71 
 252.45 
 252.45 
Lease Obligation
Total
 210.61 
 210.61
Note No. 20A-:Other Non Current Financial Liabilities
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 5,152.64 
 800.00 
 5,952.64
 953.82 
-
 953.82 
Creditors for Capital Goods     
Retention Money     
Total
 156.36 
 -   
 156.36 
Note No. 20B-: Other Current Financial Liabilities
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 28.40 
 21.50 
 0.09 
 13.61 
 21.80 
 4.30 
 -   
 89.69
 -   
 6.78 
 12.49 
 -   
 5.26 
 0.80 
 237.84 
 263.17 
 Interest Payable      
 Rent Payable      
 Other Payable      
 Creditors for expenses      
 Salaries and wages payable      
 Audit Fees Payable      
  Project Premium Payable     
Total
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Note No. 21A-: Non-current Provisions
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 77.53 
 29.21 
 106.74
 29.20 
 30.25 
 59.45
(A) Provision for employee beneﬁts     
-Gratuity     
-Leave Encashment      
Total
 28.31 
 25.70 
 54.01 
 Note No. 21A(i) Movement of provision in compliance of Ind AS 37
 (a) Gratuity 
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 30.76 
 54.95 
 85.72 
 2.66 
 83.06 
 30.36 
 1.89 
 32.25 
 1.48 
 30.76 
 Opening Balance       
 Add: Provision Made During the Year      
     
 Less: Payment during the year      
 Closing Balance
 24.11 
 15.29 
 39.41 
 9.04 
 30.36 
 (b) Leave Encashment 
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 34.86 
 29.16 
 64.02 
 30.43 
 33.59
 29.36 
 16.98 
 46.34 
 11.48 
 34.86
 Opening Balance       
 Add: Provision Made During the Year      
     
 Less: Payment during the year      
 Closing Balance
 9.53 
 24.78 
 34.31 
 4.95 
 29.36
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 129 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
253 254
Note No. 23.-: Trade Payables
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 4,495.90 
 24,776.84 
 29,272.74
 1,277.87 
 5,925.84 
 7,203.70
Trade Payables     
For Goods & Services     
Dues to Micro & Small Enterprises*     
Dues to other than Micro & Small Enterprises     
Total
 1,213.24 
 2,528.68 
 3,741.91
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 31.03.2026 is as follows:*
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME  
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others  
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME  
(iv) Disputed dues -Others 
Total 
 Note No. 21A(ii)  Break up of Gratuity Liability- Current and Non-Current                
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 5.53 
 77.53 
 83.06 
 1.57 
 29.20 
 30.76 
 Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 21B)      
 Non Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 21A)      
 Closing Balance
 2.05 
 28.31 
 30.36 
 Note No. 21A(iii)  Break up of Leave Encashment Liability- Current and Non-Current 
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 4.38 
 29.21 
 33.59 
 4.61 
 30.25 
 34.86 
 Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20B)      
 Non Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20A)      
 Closing Balance
 3.66 
 25.70 
 29.36 
Note No. 21B-: Current Provisions
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 379.27 
 5.53 
 4.38 
 389.18 
 81.66 
 205.04 
 15.28 
 301.98 
 691.16 
 284.17 
 1.57 
 4.61 
 290.35 
 51.44 
 31.61 
 13.75 
 96.80 
 387.16 
 (a) Provision for employee beneﬁts      
 Provision For Salary      
 Gratuity      
 Leave Encashment      
 Total A       
 Provision for expenses      
 Provision for electricity      
 Provision for Audit Fees      
 Total B      
 Total (A+B) 
 114.07 
 2.05 
 3.66 
 119.78 
 13.11 
 25.22 
 8.75 
 47.08 
 166.85
Note No. 22:- Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 15.83 
 6.15 
 34.77 
 373.11 
 463.36 
 893.22 
 1,623.49 
 431.17 
 -   
 2,054.66 
 (1,161.44)
 (167.32)
 (994.12)
 -   
 (997.55)
 3.43
 1.52 
 6.28 
 6.39 
 -   
 0.33 
 233.70 
 248.23 
 198.15 
 212.14 
 5.25 
 415.54 
 (167.32)
 (138.82)
(28.49)
 -   
 (32.92)
 4.42
I) Deferred Tax Assets  
Security Deposit  
Gratuity   
Leave encashment  
Fair value of Securities  
Carry Forward Losses  
Leases  
  
II) Deferred Tax Liabilities  
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets  
ROU Assets  
Fair value of Securities  
  
Closing Deferred Tax Assets/(Liability) (Net)  
Less:Opening Deferred Tax Assets/(Liability)  
Net deferred tax (expense)/income  
-Recognized through Retained earnings  
-Recognized through proﬁt & loss statement  
-Recognized through other comprehensive income 
 0.07 
 7.27 
 6.51 
 7.70 
 237.43 
 258.98 
 160.37 
 237.43 
 -   
 397.80 
 (138.82)
 (154.60)
15.78 
 15.78 
 -   
 -   
Note No. 22B-: Other Current Liabilities
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 194.87 
 0.88 
 0.33 
 18.18 
 0.68 
 170.21 
 11.69 
 4.73 
 -   
 -   
Statutory Liabilities     
   TDS Payable     
   TCS Payable     
Employee Contribution To PF Payable     
Employer Contribution To PF Payable     
Employer Contribution To ESI Payable     
 44.72 
 4.43 
 4.98 
 -   
 -   
 0.00 
 2,378.02 
 21.64 
 3.38 
 0.04 
 5,683.35 
 -   
 11.45 
 8,312.82 
 0.86 
 245.93 
 13.45 
 -   
 -   
 2,661.51 
 54.21 
 -   
 3,162.59 
Employee Contribution To ESI Payable     
   GST Payable     
   GST Payable on RCM     
NPS Payable     
Professional Tax Payable     
Advance from customer      
Advance from others     
Other Payable     
Total
 1.10 
 0.34 
 8.27 
 -   
 -   
 1,593.97 
 -   
 14.78
 1,672.59
* To the extent information received for status under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
Note 23(i) Details of Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
4,495.90
-
-
-
-
1,277.87
-
-
-
-
Amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the 
accounting year      -Principal Amount       -Interest due thereon    
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16 of 
the Micro Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006, 
along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier 
beyond appointed day during the accounting year.         
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in 
making payment (which have been paid but beyond the 
appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
speciﬁed under Micro Small and Medium Enterprise 
Development Act, 2006.        
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end 
of the accounting year.    
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even 
in the succeeding years. Until such date when the interest dues 
as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose 
of Disallowance as a deductible expenditure under Section 23 of 
the Micro Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006.    
1,213.24
-
-
-
-
Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
 2,233.03 
 14,601.19 
 -   
 -   
 16,834.23
 2,129.22 
 9,681.26 
 -   
 -   
 11,810.48
 130.06 
 456.09 
 -   
 -   
 586.15
 3.58 
 28.41 
 -   
 -   
 31.99
 9.90 
 -   
 -   
 9.90
 4,495.90 
 24,776.84 
 -   
 -   
 29,272.74
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 31.03.2025 is as follows:*
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME  
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others  
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME  
(iv) Disputed dues -Others 
Total 
Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
 1,208.89 
 1,446.70 
 -   
 -   
 2,655.59
 452.26 
 4,083.59 
 -   
 -   
 4,535.85
 -   
 2.46 
 -   
 -   
 2.46
 -   
  
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 9.80 
 -   
 -   
 9.80
 1,661.16 
 5,542.55 
 7,203.70
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 130 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
255 256
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 01.04.2024 is as follows:*
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME  
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others  
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME  
(iv) Disputed dues -Others 
Total 
Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
 383.01 
 56.82 
 439.83
 1,104.49 
 2,167.74 
 3,272.23
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
  
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -
 -   
 29.85  
 29.85
 1,487.50
 2,224.56
 -   
 29.85
 3,741.91
Note No. 24 :- Current Tax Assets
Particulars As at 1st Apr 2024As at 31st Mar 2026 As at 31st Mar 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
 2,700.00 
 469.53 
 2.97 
 3,172.50 
 3,458.81 
 (286.31)
 2,457.00 
 221.65 
 -   
 2,678.65 
 2,707.17 
 (28.52)
a) Unsecured and considered good
 i) Advance Tax 
 ii) TDS 
 iii) TCS 
 Total 
 Less: Provision for Taxation 
Total
 1,156.50 
 87.29 
 1,243.79 
 1,138.47 
 105.32 
Note No. 25:- Other Income (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
(a) Sale of Products      
Domestic Sales      
Sale of Products(Finished Goods)      
Sale of Products( Trading Sales)      
Sale of Electricity      
Total (a)      
(b) Other Operational Revenue      
Installation & Commissioning Services      
Job Work Income      
Freight On Sales      
Scrap Sales      
Other Income      
Discount Received      
Net Gain on Foreign Currency Transctions      
Total (b)      
Total (a+b)     
 1,00,609.12 
 32,498.69 
 -   
 1,33,107.82 
 5.68 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 244.81 
 18.54 
 -   
 269.03 
 1,33,376.84
 1,75,721.57 
 36,491.39 
 421.72 
 2,12,634.68 
 100.06 
 878.68 
 46.55 
 101.88 
 497.39 
 12.28 
 330.61 
 1,967.45 
 2,14,602.13
Note No. 26-: Other Income (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Interest Income       
Gain on sale of PPE      
Fair Value Gain/(Loss) on Investments      
Interest Income on Security Deposit      
Proﬁt on sale of Investment      
Other Income      
RIPS Subsidy      
Subsidy Received      
Miscellaneous Income      
Excess Provision written-back (Grauity + Leave Encashment)      
Dividend Received      
Excess Provision Written-back        
Exchange gain/(loss) on foreign currency forward contracts      
Tender Fees      
Gain on Seuriity Deposit Received      
Proﬁt/(Loss) on termination of lease      
Sundry Balance written Off      
Total 
 814.23 
 1.82 
 58.39 
 0.10 
 0.82 
 40.67 
 45.53 
 1.00 
 1.29 
 -   
 0.05 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 21.58
 985.49 
 1,608.35 
 -   
 -   
 0.12 
 75.96 
 0.05 
 37.59 
 -   
 13.04 
 0.11 
 0.06 
 8.59 
 -   
 4.52 
 0.01 
 0.86 
 1.00 
 1,750.25
Note No. 27-: Cost of Raw Material Consumed (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Raw material      
Opening Stock of Raw Material      
Add: Purchase of Raw Material      
Less: Closing Stock of Raw Material      
Total      
Packing material      
Opening Stock of Packing Material      
Add: Purchase of Packing Material      
Less: Closing Stock of Packing Material      
Total      
Cost of Raw Material Consumed      
 5,135.31 
 79,455.42 
 5,661.70 
 78,929.03 
 368.14 
 1,382.20 
 368.14 
 1,382.20 
 80,311.23 
 5,661.70 
 1,73,571.85 
 14,130.94 
 1,65,102.62 
 368.14 
 974.21 
 232.33 
 1,110.03 
 1,66,212.64 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 131 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
257 258
Note No. 32:-Depreciation and amortization expense (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Depreciation on Property , Plant & Equipment      
Depreciation on Right of use asset      
Total 
 917.03 
 213.67 
 1,130.70 
 3,389.79 
 190.00 
 3,579.79 
Note No. 33:-Other Expenses (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Manufacturing and Other Direct Expense      
Freight Inward      
Installation Expense      
Custom  Charges      
Power & Fuel Expenses      
Repair & Maintenance- Plant      
Job Work Charges      
Calibration Charges      
Repair & Maintenance Machinery       
Store and Spare Part Machinery -Import      
O & M Expenses- Project Plant    
 
Administrative Expenses      
Legal & Professional Charges      
Bank Charges      
Misc. Expenses      
Stamp Paper and Notary Charges      
Security Service      
Courier Charges      
Electricity Charges      
Printing & Stationery      
Repair & Maintenance  Furniture      
Testing Fees      
Computer Exp.      
Account Written Off      
Repair & Maintenance- Building      
Repair & Maintenance- Vehicle      
Amc Charges      
Festival Expenses      
Goods Damaged and Lost      
Telephone Expenses      
Currency Forward  Booking      
Water Expenses      
Ofﬁce Maintenance Expenses      
Maintenance Expenses      
Membership & Registration Fees      
Repair & Maintenance       
Penalty & Late Fees      
BANK CHARGES ON BANK GUARANTEE-BG      
Vehicle Maintenance  Expenses      
Director Siting Fee      
Annual Fees      
Roc & Mca Fees      
Electricity Exp-Corporate      
Share Expenses      
Interest Paid On TDS/TCS      
CONVEYANCE EXPENSES      
Rent      
Delhi Ofﬁce Rent      
Repair And Maintenance- Others      
Insurance Charges      
Tour & Travelling - Directors      
Tour & Travelling - Others      
Tour & Travelling-Dir.- Foreign      
Trademark Fee Charges      
 346.00 
 0.87 
 565.11 
 415.51 
 36.40 
 -   
 0.66 
 21.41 
 -   
 -   
 150.62 
 24.73 
 -   
 -   
 31.64 
 2.96 
 4.98 
 10.70 
 0.14 
 48.16 
 25.75 
 4.52 
 14.64 
 0.86 
 11.03 
 24.23 
 5.64 
 6.05 
 11.20 
 0.03 
 10.92 
 34.07 
 23.76 
 33.15 
 9.19 
 -   
 3.98 
 -   
 35.75 
 -   
 -   
 1.08 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 110.36 
 19.69 
 195.21 
 8.75 
 0.61 
 1,300.49 
 463.23 
 662.04 
 1,314.23 
 -   
 877.95 
 2.10 
 57.94 
 1.47 
 41.91 
 303.44 
 195.94 
 3.92 
 34.20 
 66.48 
 6.82 
 0.98 
 15.27 
 -   
 247.44 
 51.88 
 -   
 4.39 
 -   
 15.00 
 20.75 
 0.81 
 14.54 
 -   
 6.66 
 20.39 
 86.95 
 18.77 
 -   
 33.23 
 0.71 
 5.13 
 16.75 
 57.82 
 0.16 
 1.64 
 0.54 
 1.55 
 4.43 
 139.04 
 0.69 
 21.75 
 283.38 
 30.34 
 158.74 
 59.56 
 -   
Note No. 28-: Purchase of Stock in Trade/Finished Goods (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Solar Power Generating System @ 12%      
Consumable      
Trading Purchase     
Total 
 -   
 -   
 29,677.26 
 29,677.26 
 4,082.14 
 0.13 
 23,123.59 
 27,205.85 
Note No. 29-: Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods work-in-progress
and Stock-in-Trade (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
(A) Closing Stock      
Finished Goods- Trading      
Finished Goods      
Goods in transit      
Work in Progress      
Total (A)      
(B) Less: Opening Stock      
Finished Goods- Trading      
Finished Goods-       
Goods in transit      
Work in Progress      
Total (B)      
Net Increase/ (Decrease)     
 331.41 
 1,246.02 
 -   
 90.31 
 1,667.74
 297.96 
 1,046.98 
 -   
 531.07 
 1,876.02 
 (208.27)
 22,679.49 
 779.36 
 -   
 83.09 
 23,541.95 
 1,347.84 
 229.59 
 -   
 90.31 
 1,667.74 
 21,874.20
Note No. 30-: Employee Beneﬁt Expense (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Salaries and Allowance      
Gratuity      
Contributions to Provident Fund and Other Fund      
Director's Remuneration      
Staff welfare expenses      
Stipend Expenses      
Ex-gratia      
Leave Encashment      
Recruitment Expenses      
Employee Compensation Expenses      
Training & Higher Education      
Total 
 1,872.35 
 17.35 
 36.16 
 504.00 
 92.99 
 -   
 5.61 
 11.17 
 1.10 
 -   
 45.82 
 2,586.56
 3,891.06 
 33.01 
 85.36 
 589.27 
 241.99 
 0.25 
 54.28 
 26.47 
 2.17 
 129.96 
 -   
 5,053.82
* For detail disclosure refer Note No.
Note No. 31:-Finance Costs (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Interest Expenses      
On Cash Credit Limit      
On Term Loan      
On Unsecured Loan      
On Others      
Other Borrowing Costs      
Finance Charges on lease      
Total 
 398.36 
 221.03 
 -   
 -   
 91.74 
 110.47 
 821.59 
 1,655.78 
 398.78 
 -   
 17.71 
 164.06 
 117.76 
  2,354.09
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 132 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
259 260
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)Software Exp      
Interest On Income Tax      
Conveyance Exp.      
Prior Period Expenses      
Godown Rent      
Rent For Workers Accomodation      
Rates & Taxes      
Input Expense On Rent      
Registered/CORPORATE  Ofﬁce Rent      
Demand Under Gst      
Internal Audit Fees      
Donation Expenses      
Inspection Charges      
Rounding Off      
Internet Expenses      
LODGING AND FOODING EXPENSES      
Loss On sale of PPE      
Fair value loss on Investment      
Exchange Rate Difference      
Trade Mark Fees/ Charges      
Loss on Sale      
Gardening Expenses      
Books & Periodicals Expenses      
RTO Charges      
Incorporation Charges      
Consumables       
GST Expensed off      
Reversal of Prepaid Rent-SD      
Insurance Expenses      
Expenditure on Corporate Social responsibility      
      
Selling Expenses      
Discount Allowed      
Tender Fees      
Loading & Unloading Charges      
Advertisement Expenses      
Freight Outward      
Exhibition Expenses      
Business Promotion Expenses      
Sponsorship Expenses      
Commission And Brokerage      
      
Auditor's Remuneration      
As Auditors       -Fees      
In other Capacity      
Total 
 -   
 20.88 
 64.14 
 -   
 9.20 
 10.75 
 29.19 
 0.51 
 0.30 
 2.87 
 15.00 
 1.37 
 4.94 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.87 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 5.98 
 0.09 
 0.20 
 -   
 95.84 
 -   
 7.89 
 1.27 
 131.66 
 1,132.33 
 25.30 
 227.28 
 -   
 240.79 
 14.00 
 27.89 
 4,320.87
 0.25 
 13.24 
 36.80 
 2.87 
 -   
 0.53 
 4.59 
 -   
 6.09 
 -   
 2.00 
 0.66 
 13.21 
 0.00 
 0.16 
 1.08 
 0.41 
 120.97 
 15.50 
 0.23 
 13.93 
 0.01 
 0.18 
 0.99 
 0.32 
 -   
 -   
 0.35 
 2.03 
 115.15 
 52.32 
 48.87 
 1.10 
 57.59 
 1,605.54 
 48.02 
 341.61 
 91.12 
 8.76 
 30.50 
 3.47 
 9,291.87
Note No. 34 :- Other Comprehensive Income (Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss    
-Remeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan   
Add/Less: Income tax on above    
   
  Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
Total  
 18.02 
 4.42 
 22.44 
 22.44 
 22.44
 (19.44)
 3.43
 (16.01)
 (16.01)
 (16.01)
Note No. 35-: Earning Per Share
(Rs in Lakh)
Calculation of basic Earning per share For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Net Proﬁt after tax available for equity shareholders (a)      
Weighted Average number of equity shares (b)      
Nominal Value per share (Rs.)      
Basic Earning per share (Rs.) [(a)/(b)]      
Diluted Earning per share (Rs.) [(a)/(b)]    
 12,581.25 
 2,119.43 
 1.00 
 5.94 
 5.94 
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt for the year attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the year.       
       
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number of Equity 
shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all 
the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares             .
        
The following reﬂects the proﬁt and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computation:       
 20,047.14 
 2,203.62
 1.00 
 9.10 
 9.10
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 133 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
261 262
 1,623.49 
 431.17 
 -   
 2,054.66 
 (1,161.44)
 (1,161.44)
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 3.43 
 -
 1,425.33 
 219.03 
 (5.25)
 1,639.12 
 (1,370.33)
 -   
 
198.15 
 212.14 
 5.25 
 415.54 
 (167.32)
 (167.32)
Deferred tax liabilities:   
 
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
ROU Assets    
Investments     
    
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)    
Disclosed as:    Deferred tax assets (net)   
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
Security Deposits    
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)    
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)    
Investments     
Lease Liability    
Carried Forward Losses    
    
Deferred tax liabilities:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
ROU Assets    
Investments     
    
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)    
Disclosed as:    Deferred tax assets (net)   
 1.52 
 6.28 
 6.39 
 -   
 233.70 
 0.33 
 248.23 
 198.15 
 212.14 
 5.25 
 415.54 
 (167.32)
(167.32)
Carrying
Value as at
March 31, 2025
 -   
 4.42 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 4.42 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 4.42 
-   
Changes
through Other
comprehensive
income
 1.45 
 (5.42)
 (0.11)
 (7.70)
 (3.73)
 0.33 
 (15.18)
 37.78 
 (25.29)
 5.25 
 17.74 
 (32.92)
-   
Changes
through
Proﬁt or Loss
 0.07 
 7.27 
 6.51 
 7.70 
 237.43 
 -   
 258.98 
 160.37 
 237.43 
 397.80 
 (138.82)
 (138.82)
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2024 (IndAS)
As at April 1, 2024
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:     
Security Deposits     
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)     
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)     
Investments      
Lease Liability     
Carried Forward Losses     
Expected Credit Losses     
Others     
    
Deferred tax liabilities:     
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets     
ROU Assets     
Investments      
     
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)     
Disclosed as:     Deferred tax assets (net)    
 0.07 
 7.27 
 6.51 
 7.70 
 237.43 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 258.98 
 160.37 
 237.43 
 -   
 397.80 
 (138.82)
 (138.82)
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2024 (IndAS)
 0.07 
 3.86 
 4.61 
 7.70 
 237.43 
 -   
 -   
 (0.47)
 253.20 
 0.00 
 237.43 
 -   
 237.43 
 15.77
 -   
Changes
through Other
Equity
(Other equity)
 -   
 3.42 
 1.89 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.47 
5.78
160.37
 -   
 -   
 160.37 
 (154.59) 
(154.59)
Carrying Value
as at April 1, 24
(Previous GAAP)
Note No. 37:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 2 ‘Inventories
Amount of inventories recognised as expense during the year is as under:
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Raw  Material Consumed      
Packing Material Consumed
 78,929.03 
 1,382.20 
 80,311.23 
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2025
 1,65,102.62 
 1,110.03 
 1,66,212.64
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2026
Total
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Current Tax Expenses     
Current Income Tax     
Adjustment for earlier year     
Total current Tax expenses     
Deferred tax     
Deferred Tax Expenses     
Total deferred tax expenses     
Total Income tax expenses     
 2,714.12 
 -   
 2,714.12 
 32.92 
 32.92 
 2,747.04 
 3,458.81 
 9.01 
 3,467.82 
 997.55 
 997.55 
 4,465.38 
(ii) Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI)
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Net actuarial gain/(loss) on deﬁned beneﬁt plan
Total
For the year ended
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2025
Before
Tax
Tax
(expense)
/Beneﬁt
Net of
Tax
Before
Tax
Tax
(expense)
/Beneﬁt
Net of
Tax
22.44
22.44
4.42
4.42
18.02
18.02
(16.01)
(16.01)
3.43
3.43
 (19.44)
 (19.44)
(iii) Reconciliation of tax expense & accounting proﬁt multiplied by India’s domestic rate
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Proﬁt before Income Tax   
Tax Rate   
Tax using the tax rate    
Tax effect of :   
Non deductible tax expenses   
Disallowance of CSR Expenses   
Other Disallowance   
Disallowance u/s 43b   
Difference Between Accounting Depriciation and Depriciation allowable as per Income tax Act,1962   
Difference between Interest on Lease Payments and Actual Lease Payment   
Security Deposit   
Previous year tax liability   
Carried Forward Losses   
Higher Rate of tax    
Fair Value Gain on Equity Investments   
Other Adjustment due to differential tax rate in subsidiary   
Other Adjustment of CWIP  
Total tax expenses in the statement of proﬁt and loss account
 24,528.53 
 25.17%
 6,173.34 
 -   
 20.60 
 31.21 
 6.40 
 (832.83)
 (44.11)
 -   
 -   
 0.76 
 (7.04)
 (21.67)
 (861.29)
 (8.82)
 4,465.38 
 15,305.84 
25.17%
 3,852.17 
 -   
 16.48 
 11.34 
 8.67 
 (1.78)
 (0.42)
 (1.43)
 6.95 
 -   
 17.73 
 (0.00)
 (1,162.68)
 2,747.04
For the
year ended
31 March 26
For the
year ended
31 March 25
(b) Movement in deferred tax balances
As at March 31, 2026
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
Security Deposits    
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)    
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)    
Investments     
Lease Liability    
Carried Forward Losses    
    
-
 -   
 15.83 
 6.15 
 34.77 
 463.36 
 373.11 
 893.22 
Carrying
Value as at
March 31, 2026
-
 -   
 3.43 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 3.43 
Changes
through Other
comprehensive
income
-
 (1.52)
 6.12 
 (0.24)
 34.77 
 229.66 
 -   
 268.79 
Changes
through
Proﬁt or Loss
 -   
 1.52 
 6.28 
 6.39 
 -   
 233.70 
 0.33 
 248.23 
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2025 (IndAS)
DISCLOSURES
Note No. 36:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 12 ‘Income Tax’
(a) Income Tax Expense
(i) Income Tax recognised in the statement of proﬁt & loss account
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 134 =====
264
(Annual Report 2025-26)
263
Value of imported and indigenous raw materials, spare parts and components purchased
(Rs in Lakh)
21570.19
61725.04
188.46
1193.74
0.00
30694.03
115371.46
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2025
86554.76
98411.77
251.97
718.02
0.00
29568.00
215504.52
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2026
Particulars
Raw Materials
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Spare parts and components
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Finished Goods 
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Total
Note No. 38. Disclosure as per Ind AS-116 “Leases”
As part of transition, under Ind AS 116 ‘Leases’ during the Previous year, the Group has availed the 
practical expedient of not to apply the recognition requirements of Ind AS 116 to short term leases 
and also applied materiality threshold for recognition of assets and liabilities related to leases.        
The Group’s leased assets primarily consists of lease for land. The Group recorded the lease liability 
at the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted at the incremental borrowing 
rate as on the date of transaction and has measured right-of-use asset at an amount equal to lease 
liability.
The following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets:  (Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 1,122.12 
 -   
 -   
 1,122.12
As at
st
1  April 2024
 1,122.12 
 168.06 
 -   
 (216.56)
 1,073.63
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Opening carrying value of right of use assets 
Additions 
Deletion 
Depreciation 
Closing Balance
 1,073.63 
 4,579.49 
 (279.19)
 (262.86)
 5,111.08
As at
st
31  March 2026
The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the period (Rs in Lakh)
230.50
st
31  March 2025Amount as per Statement of Cash Flows
Total Cash Outﬂows of leases 476.96
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities: (Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
1  April 2024
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Non Current     
(i)  Lease Liability
As at
st
31  March 2026
Current     
(I)  Lease Liability
Estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows for lease payments as at March 31, 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
1  April 2024
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars As at
st
31  March 2026
The following are the amounts recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss:
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Amount as per Statement of Cash Flows
Interest expense on lease liability 
Amortisation on lease assets  
Expense relating to short-term leases
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
Total
Note No. 39. Disclosure as per Ind AS 21 "The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates"         
The amount of exchange differences (net) debited to the Statement of Proﬁt & Loss is ₹ 3,46,10,958 
/- (31st March, 2025: debited ₹ 5054368/-).
(Rs in Lakh)
Amount in INRParticulars Amount in FC
st
31  March 2025
Amount in INRAmount in FC
st
31  March 2026Foreign
Currency (FC)The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the period (Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 1,122.12 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1,122.12
st
1  April 2024
 1,122.12 
 168.06 
 -   
 118.47 
 -   
 (230.50)
 1,178.16
st
31  March 2025Particulars
 1,178.16 
 3,844.46 
 456.73 
 309.63 
 -   
 (476.96)
 5,312.01
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
Opening balance     
Additions    
Reduction    
Interest expense on liability     
Waiver of rent    
Payments   
Closing Balance
 4,726.30
 4,726.30
925.70
 925.70
 911.51 
 911.51
 210.61
 210.61
 252.45 
 252.45
 585.71 
 585.71
Future Lease payable from end of the year:     
Upto 1 Year     
Between 1 to 2 Year     
Between 2 to 3 Year     
More than 3 Year     
Total     
Impact Of discount     
Total Lease Liability    
221.63
277.11
285.21
842.46
 1,626.41 
504.29
 1,122.12 
292.54
300.96
135.66
1232.74
 1,961.91
783.75
 1,178.16 
662.75
658.38
677.40
11914.83
 13,913.36 
8601.35
 5,312.01
 117.76 
 190.00 
 139.73 
 447.48 
 110.47 
 213.67 
 9.20 
 333.34 
Foreign Currency Expenditure
15.56
0.00
0.00
3.38
38.67
4.18
45.82
72.58
 180.19 
Tours & travelling Expenses 
       (i) Directors & KMP 
 
 
 
       (ii) Employees 
       (ii) Others 
Insurance Expense 
Staff tranning Expenses 
Interest Expenses
Total
 18,000 
 -   
 -   
 4,000 
 -   
 -   
 53,648 
 85,901
1,61,549
10.86
0.18
2.47
2.08
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 15.58 
 12,000 
 50,000 
 10,000 
 2,287 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 74,287
USD
LKR
AED
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
Value of Import on CIF basis
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Particulars st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
Raw Materials
Components and Spare Parts
Total
21570.19
188.46
 21,758.65
86554.76
251.97
 86,806.73
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 135 =====
Total
266
(Annual Report 2025-26)
265
Note No. 40. Disclosure of Corporate social responsibility(CSR)         
As per section 135 of Companies Act 2013, the Group is required to spend in every ﬁnancial year, at 
least 2% of the average net proﬁts of the Group made during the three immediately preceding 
ﬁnancial year in accordance with its CSR policy.
(Rs in Lakh)
45.94
 95.84 
 (49.47)
 -   
 -   
Particulars
(i) Amount required to be spent by the company during the year
(ii) Amount of expenditure incurred
(iii) (Excess)/ Shortfall at the end of the year
(iv) Total of previous years shortfall/(Excess)
(v) Reason for shortfall
156.91
 115.15 
 (9.93)
 (51.69)
 -   
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
Nature of CSR activities:
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Particulars st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
 2.67 
 92.53 
 0.21 
 0.43 
 -   
 -   
 95.84 
i) Tree Guard (Society Welfare) and Furniture in Gram Panchayat)     
ii) Solar Rooftop Panels and Installation     
iii) Blood Donation and Awareness for Health     
iv) Treatment of diseases , development of Technology , nurturing environment     
v) Education and Skill Development     
vi) Other than  above    
 -   
 -   
 104.65 
 -   
 10.50 
 -   
 115.15 
Note No. 41:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 24 ‘Related party Disclosures’
 The Group has identiﬁed all the related parties as per details given below:       
(i) List of Related Parties:
Key Managerial Personnel
Manish Gupta (Whole Time Director)
Vikas Jain (Managing Director)
Akhilesh Kumar Jain (Director)
Payal Gupta (Director)
Ekta Jain (Director)
Madhuri Maheshwari (Till 21 March 2025)
Sneha Goenka (Till 26 July 2024)
Nitesh Sharma (Company Secretary)
Ravi Dusad (Chief Financial Ofﬁcer)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
A
Enterprises where Key Managerial Personnel has control /interest:
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited (w.e.f. 21/04/2025)
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited (w.e.f. 23/07/2025)
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited (w.e.f. 10/08/2025)
VM Portfolio Private Limited
Pinkcity Pipe Fittings Private Limited
GCPL Solar Two Private Limited
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private Limited
All India Solar Industries Association
Harmony Buildestate LLP
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
B
Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
Navya Gupta
Mahendra Kumar Jain
Ekta Jain
Payal Gupta
1
2
3
4
C
Subsidiaries
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited 
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt. Ltd
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
D
MV Builders and Developers
Fluidcon Engineers
Jain International Trade Organisation - Jaipur
Happy Buildmart LLP
17
18
19
20
Step Down Subsidiaries
MGVI Green Infra Private Limited (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)  
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)  
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private   (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)  
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)  
GCPL Solar Two Private Limited  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)  
MGPG Green Infra Private Limited  
VJMG Green Infra Private Limited  
MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited  
MVS Green Infra Private Limited  
JRD Green Infra Private Limited  
ENS Green Infra Private Limited  
PED Green Infra Private Limited  
MGVJ Green Infra One Private Limited  
PED Green Infra One Private Limited  
MVS Green Infra One Private Limited  
JRD Green Infra One Private Limited  
ENS Green Infra One Private Limited  
MGPG Green Infra One Private Limited  
MPNG Green Infra Private Limited  
PRJG Green Infra Private Limited  
VNPG Green Infra Private Limited  
DGEJ Green Infra Private Limited  
JEMP Green Infra Private Limited  
 NEPG Green Infra Private Limited  
 EVNJ Green Infra Private Limited  
 DMGN Green Infra Private Limited  
 NSJG Green Infra Private Limited  
 SRJG Green Infra Private Limited  
 MPGE Green Infra Private Limited  
 HVJN Green Infra Private Limited  
 GRJP Green Infra Private Limited  
VJMG Green Infra One Private Limited  
DEGP Green Infra Private Limited  
EGPN Green Infra Private Limited  
MJEV Green Infra Private Limited  
PHDJ Green Infra Private Limited  
NRJG Green Infra Private Limited  
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
E
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 136 =====
268
(Annual Report 2025-26)
267
GNVP Green Infra Private Limited  
MGPE Green Infra Private Limited  
PRMJ Green Infra Private Limited  
NVJG Green Infra Private Limited  
PGNJ Green Infra Private Limited  
SRGE Green Infra Private Limited  
DJRG Green Infra Private Limited  
HEPJ Green Infra Private Limited  
RDPJ Green Infra Private Limited  
VJPG Green Infra Private Limited  
EGJM Green Infra Private Limited  
VEMJ Green Infra Private Limited  
GNPR Green Infra Private Limited  
PJGN Green Infra Private Limited  
DVJG Green Infra Private Limited  
GDRV Green Infra Private Limited  
GNJM Green Infra Private Limited  
GVHJ Green Infra Private Limited  
HPJG Green Infra Private Limited  
PDJN Green Infra Private Limited  
EGHR Green Infra Private Limited  
JENP Green Infra Private Limited  
VJEG Green Infra Private Limited  
NGRJ Green Infra Private Limited  
MGJR Green Infra Private Limited  
EGRJ Green Infra Private Limited  
GJPN Green Infra Private Limited  
HGJP Green Infra Private Limited  
JGVR Green Infra Private Limited  
PDGN Green Infra Private Limited  
RJGM Green Infra Private Limited  
GRMJ Green Infra Private Limited  
MGNJ Green Infra Private Limited  
GRHE Green Infra Private Limited  
DJEM Green Infra Private Limited  
NRGE Green Infra Private Limited  
HVGM Green Infra Private Limited  
EGJP Green Infra Private Limited  
GNHR Green Infra Private Limited  
PEMJ Green Infra Private Limited  
VJNR Green Infra Private Limited  
JRGM Green Infra Private Limited  
MGJN Green Infra Private Limited  
JHVG Green Infra Private Limited  
PRGE Green Infra Private Limited  
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
Non Executive Independent Directors
Pallavi Mishra
Subir Bikas Mitra
Anil Kumar Gupta
Shreemat Pandey
Alpesh Fatehsingh Purohit  (Till 10 Feb 2024)
Kuljit Singh Popli- (Till 18 April 2025)
Rajiv Jain
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
F
Note: Related party relationship is as identiﬁed by the Company and relied upon by the Auditors.
(ii) Transactions carried out with related parties referred above, in ordinary course of business:
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Nature of transaction & Name of the Related Party st
31  March 2026
For the year endedInﬂuence
(I) Sales    
Fluidcon Engineers    
Total    
(ii) Purchase    
Fluidcon Engineers    
Total    
(iii) Interest Income    
VM Portfolio    
Total    
(iv) Rent Expenses    
Manish Gupta    
Vikas Jain    
Total    
(v) Consultancy Services    
Mahendra Kumar Jain    
    
Total    
(vi) Staff Training Expense    
Navya Gupta    
    
Total    
(vii) Electricity Charges    
Vikas Jain    
    Total   
(viii) Remuneration    
Manish Gupta (Whole Time Director)    
Vikas Jain (Managing Director)    
Ravi Dusad (Chief Financial Ofﬁcer)    
Madhuri Maheshwari    
Nitesh Sharma (Company Secretary)    
Sneha Goenka    
Navya Gupta    
Ekta Jain (Director)    
Payal Gupta (Director)    
Pallavi Mishra (Director)    
Total    
Compensation to key managerial personnel of the Company.    
Short term employee beneﬁts    
Post-employment beneﬁts    
Total    
* Remuneration includes Rs. Rs. 8.02 Lakhs Pertaining to  employee 
share based option granted during the year ended 31st March 2026.    
   (ix) Directors sitting fees    
Kuljit Singh Popli    
Akhilesh Kumar Jain    
Anil Kumar Gupta    
Subir Bikas Mitra     
Rajiv Jain    
Shreemat Pandey    
Total    
(x) Loan and Advances Given    
VM Portfolio    
Total    
 
Entity Controlled by KMP
Entity Controlled by KMP
Entity Controlled by KMP
  Key Managerial Personnel  
Relative of Key Managerial 
Personnel
Relative of Key Managerial 
Personnel
  Key Managerial Personnel  
" Key Managerial
Personnel "
 Non Executive & 
Independent Director 
Entity Controlled by KMP
 2.73 
 2.73 
 3.42 
 3.42 
 184.91 
 184.91 
173.55
173.55
 347.10 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 2.87 
 2.87 
 315.00 
 314.27 
 40.00 
 -   
 8.72 
 -   
 0.90 
 62.25 
 61.75 
 3.25 
 806.14 
 806.14 
 -   
 806.14 
 -   
 3.00 
 3.75 
 1.25 
 1.00 
 0.50 
 9.50 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 127.17 
 127.17 
110.50
110.50
 221.00 
 9.84 
 9.84 
 45.82 
 45.82 
 -   
 -   
 283.00 
 281.75 
 33.87 
 18.93 
 4.38 
 1.97 
 3.67 
 34.50 
 35.75 
 6.25 
 704.07 
 704.07 
 -   
 704.07 
 6.00 
 5.50 
 6.75 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 18.25 
 1,082.00 
 1,082.00 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 137 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
270269
 214.00 
 214.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1.01 
 10.00 
 11.01 
 1.01 
 1.01 
 0.49 
 0.49 
 0.98 
 -   
 -   
 -   
(xi) Loan Re- Payment    
VM Portfolio    
Total    
(xii) Consultancy Expenses    
Daksh Jain    
Navya Gupta    
Total    
(xiii) Advance Received    
Pankaj Kumar Goyal    
Ganesh Decor India Private Limited    
Total    
(xiii) Advance Repaid    
Pankaj Kumar Goyal    
Total    
(xiv) Investment Made    
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Seven Pvt. Ltd.    
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Private Limited    
Total    
(xv) Sale of Investment    
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Seven Pvt. Ltd.    
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Private Limited    
Total   
 230.00 
 230.00 
 13.50 
 13.50 
 27.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.49 
 0.49 
 0.98 
Entity Controlled by KMP
Relatives of KMP
KMP of subsidiary
Formal Holding Co of Subsidiary
KMP of subsidiary
Associate Concern
Associate Concern
Associate Concern
Associate Concern
--0.195,000
Particulars Inﬂuence
 For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
 For the year ended
st
31  March 2025
Ravi Dusad
No. of shares
Key Managerial Person
Value of shares No. of shares Value of shares
Shares Issued
--0.195,000
(Rs in Lakh)
(iii) Following related parties have given personal guarantees or securities towards borrowings 
availed from banks and other ﬁnancial institutions on behalf of the Company
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)
(iv) Outstanding Balances (Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 67.89 
 67.89 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Particulars
(i) Loans & Advances 
 - VM portfolio 
 
(ii) Directors Remmuneration Payable 
 - Manish Gupta 
 - Vikas Jain 
 - Ekta Jain 
 - Payal Gupta 
 
(iii) Remuneration Payable 
 - Ravi Dusad 
 - Madhuri Maheshwari 
 - Nitesh Sharma 
 - Navya Gupta 
 - Rajiv Jain 
 
(iv) Rent Payable 
 - Manish Gupta 
 1,582.45 
 67.89 
 67.76 
 3.80 
 3.80 
 3.33 
 1.20 
 0.61 
 0.30 
 -   
 9.73 
Inﬂuence
Entity over which KMP 
has control
Whole Time Director
Managing Director
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Company Secretary
Director
Whole Time Director
 1,518.88 
 10.50 
 10.44 
 3.70 
 3.70 
 0.53 
 -   
 0.78 
 -   
 0.90 
 -   
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.60 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 - Vikas Jain 
 
(v) Advance against capital goods 
 - Fluidcon Engineers 
 
(vi) Creditor for capital goods 
 - Fluidcon Engineers 
 
(vii) Imperest Account 
 - Vikas Jain 
 
(viii) Loan and Advances Received 
 - Ganesh Decor India Private Limited 
 
(viii) Investments 
 - DRIPL Solar Raj Project Seven Pvt. Ltd. 
 - GDIPL Solar Raj Project Private Limited 
 9.73 
 182.11 
 30.76 
 -   
 10.00 
 0.49 
 0.49
Managing Director
Entity Controlled by KMP
Entity Controlled by KMP
Managing Director
Formal Holding Co of 
Subsidiary
Associate Concern
Associate Concern
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 22.40 
 -   
 -   
Note no. 42. Contingent liabilities , Contingent assets & Capital Commitments         
(a) Contingent Liability    
(i)  Corporate Guarantee given to bank    (Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -
 7,567.00 
 7,567.00
Particulars
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of State Bank of 
India for Credit Facility of Rs. 215 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited.         
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of HDFC Bank 
Limited for Credit Facility of Rs. 130 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited.         
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of Bajaj Finance 
Limited for Term Loan of Rs. 50 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited.         
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of IREDA for 
Term Loan of Rs. 1134 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private Limited.         
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of AU Bank 
Limited for Credit Facility of Rs. 48.72 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited.         
Co-Borrower with GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limited of Rs. 17.14 Crores.          
Co-Borrower with GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private Limited of Rs. 34.19 Crores.          
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Green Energy Private Limited in favour of 
AU Bank Limited for Credit Facility of Rs. 24.96 Crores availed by Insolation Energy 
Limited.          
For loan granted to Insolation Green energy Pvt Ltd. (Subsidiary)     
Total
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 9,968.00 
 9,968.00
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
 
21,500.00 
 
13,000.00 
 5,000.00 
 1,13,400.00 
 4,872.00 
 1,714.00 
 3,419.00 
 2,496.00 
 1,65,401.00
(Rs in Lakh)
51.00
Particulars
For guranatee by bank on behalf of company  1,365.34 -
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(ii)  Counter Guarantee given to bank
51.00 1,365.34 Total -
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 138 =====
272
(Annual Report 2025-26)
271
(Rs in Lakh)
 -
 -
   
 - 
 - 
 -
 -
Particulars
Demand in respect of demand raised in GST, deposited under protest     
Demand raised in respect of valuation of junction box raised in Customs     
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2021-22.     
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2022-23.     
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2023-24.     
Total    
 15.18 
 -
   
 4.10 
 71.67 
 6.84
 97.79 
 -   
 17.99 
 -   
 -   
 -
17.99 
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(iii)  Demand/ Penalty in respect of GST
(Rs in Lakh)
104.65
Particulars
Export obligation to be fullﬁll under machine imports under EPCG license amount --
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(iv)  Export Obligation
104.65-Total -
(Rs in Lakh)
-
Particulars
For guranatee by bank on behalf of company -788.71
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(v)  Bank Guarantee
--Total 788.71
(Rs in Lakh)
-
Particulars
Letter of Credit issued by Bank     - 4,097.04 
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(vi)  Letter of Credit  
--Total  4,097.04 
(Rs in Lakh)
128.00
Particulars
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account
(net of advances)
 15,208.00  90,143.20 
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(b) Capital Commitments
128.00 15,208.00 Total  90,143.20 
  Note No. 43. Disclosure as per Ind AS 101 ‘First Time Adoption of Ind AS        
Explanation of Transition to Ind AS and effect of Ind AS adoption        
 First-time adoption-mandatory exceptions, optional exemptions        
         
I. Overall Principle         
 These ﬁnancial statements represent the Group’s ﬁrst standalone ﬁnancial statements prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). Until 31 March 2025 , the Group prepared its 
ﬁnancial statements under previous Indian GAAP, including the accounting standards notiﬁed 
under the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2006 (as amended).  
The transition date to Ind AS is 1 April 2024, and the Group has prepared its Opening Balance Sheet as 
per Ind AS on this date. The impact of the transition has been reﬂected in the Opening Reserves as of 1 
April 2024. To ensure compliance with Ind AS and Schedule III, the ﬁnancial ﬁgures for the previous 
period have been restated, regrouped, and reclassiﬁed, wherever necessary. In accordance with Ind 
AS 101, the Group has:  
- Recognized all assets and liabilities whose recognition is required under Ind AS.  
- Not recognized items that are not permitted by Ind AS.  
- Reclassiﬁed items from previous GAAP to Ind AS, wherever required.  
- Applied Ind AS measurement principles for recognized assets and liabilities.  
However, this principle is subject to certain exceptions and optional exemptions availed by the Group, 
as detailed below. 
         
II. Optional Exemptions and Mandatory Exemptions 
Under Ind AS 101, the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as per previous GAAP as on 31 March 
2024 have generally been recognized and measured as per Ind AS standards effective on 31 March 
2026. However, certain optional exemptions and mandatory exceptions from retrospective 
application have been applied.  
The Company has availed the following key exemptions and exceptions:  
         
  Ind AS Optional Exemptions       
         
 1 . Deemed cost for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets:       
  Ind AS 101 permits a ﬁrst-time adopter to elect to continue with the carrying value for all of its property, 
plant and equipment and intangible assets as recognised in the ﬁnancial statements as at the date of 
transition to Ind AS, measured as per the previous GAAP and use that as its deemed cost as at the date 
of transition after making necessary adjustments for de-commissioning liabilities.The Group has 
elected to continue with the carrying value of all of its plant and equipment and intangible assets as 
recognised as of April 01, 2024 (transition date) measured as per the previous GAAP and use that 
carrying value as its deemed cost as of the transition date.        
         
 2 . Borrowings       
  Ind AS 101 permits that if it is impracticable for an entity to apply retrospectively the effective interest 
method in Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’, the fair value of the ﬁnancial liability at the date of 
transition to Ind AS shall be the new amortised cost of that ﬁnancial liability at the date of transition to 
Ind AS.       
         
 3 . Fair Value of Financials Liabilities  
  As per Ind AS 109, the Group is required to measure ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value on initial 
recognition, and account for the difference between fair value and transaction price as a gain/loss. 
The Group has elected to apply the exemption provided in Ind AS 101 to apply these requirements 
prospectively to transactions entered into after the date of transition.       
                
 4 . Leases       
  Ind AS 116 requires an entity to assess whether an arrangement contains a lease at its inception. 
However, Ind AS 101 provides an option to make this assessment on the basis of facts and 
circumstances existing at the date of transition to Ind AS. The Group has elected to apply this 
exemption for such contracts/ arrangements.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 139 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
274273
The Group has also elected to apply the following exemptions:
1. Measure Right of Use Assets on date of transition at an amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted 
by the amount of prepaid/accrued lease payments.
2. Apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.
3. Elect not to recognise lease liability for leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the 
date of transition, and instead account for them as short term leases.
4. Exclude initial direct cost from the measurement of right of use assets as at date of transition. "       
         
  Ind AS Mandatory Exceptions       
 
 5 . Derecognition of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities       
  The Group has applied the derecognition requirements of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities 
prospectively for transactions occurring on or after 1st April, 2024 (the transition date).       
         
 6 . Estimates       
  An entity’s estimates in accordance with Ind AS at the date of transition to Ind AS shall be consistent 
with estimates made for the same date in accordance with previous GAAP (after adjustments to 
reﬂect any difference in accounting policies), unless there is objective evidence that those estimates 
were in error. Ind AS estimates as at 1 April 2024 are consistent with the estimates as at the same date 
made in conformity with previous GAAP. The Group made estimates for Impairment of ﬁnancial 
assets based on expected credit loss model in accordance with Ind AS at the date of transition as 
these were not required/made under previous GAAP       
         
 7 . Classiﬁcation and measurement of ﬁnancial assets        
  The classiﬁcation of ﬁnancial assets to be measured at amortised cost or fair value through other 
comprehensive income is made on the basis of facts and circumstances that existed on the date of 
transition to Ind AS.       
         
 8 . Non - Controlling Interests       
  The Group has applied the requirements of Ind AS 110 prospectively from April 01, 2024 (transition 
date), and the NCI existing before the transition date have been carried forward without retrospective 
adjustment.        
(iii) Reconcilation of Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025 and 1st April, 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
I
(1)
Note
No.
As per
Prev. GAAP
st
31  Mar, 2025
As per Ind AS
st
1  April, 2024
Ind AS
Adjustments
As per
Prev. GAAP
1 April, 2024
Ind AS
Adjustments
As per Ind AS
st
31  Mar, 2025
ASSETS 
Non-current assets 
(a)  Property plant & equipment
(b) Capital work-in-progress
(c) Right of Use Assets
(d)  Investment Property
(e) Goodwill
(f) Intangible Assets
(g)  Intangible assets under 
development
(h) Financial Assets
 (I) Investments
 (ii) Loans 
 (iii) Other ﬁnancial assets
(i) Deferred tax assets (net)
 7,729.13 
 5,287.65 
 1,073.63 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 3,897.89 
 3,982.59 
 1,833.67 
 -   
(f) (I)
(a)
(c) (I)
(f) (ii), (c) 
(ii)
 (0.00)
 677.71 
 1,073.63 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 21.35 
 -   
 (1,421.54)
 -   
 7,729.13 
 4,609.94 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 3,876.54 
 3,982.59 
 3,255.21 
 -   
 4,622.45 
 140.09 
 1,122.12 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 512.37 
 600.00 
 135.23 
 -   
 0.02 
 -   
 1,122.12 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (36.37)
 -   
 (0.28)
 -   
 4,622.43 
 140.09 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 548.74 
 600.00 
 135.51 
 -   
(2)
II
(1)
(2)
(j) Other non-current assets
Total Non-current Assets 
Current assets 
(a)  Inventories
(b) Financial Assets
 (I) Investments
 (ii) Trade receivables
 (iii) Cash and Cash 
Equivalents 
 (iv) Bank balances other than 
(iii) above
 (v) Loans
 (v) Others  ﬁnancial assets
(c)  Current Tax Assets (Net)
(d)  Other Current Assets 
Total Current Assets 
Total Assets 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
Equity 
(a)  Equity Share capital 
(b)  Other Equity
(c)  Non - Controlling Interests  
Total Equity 
Liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 
(a) Financial Liabilities 
 (I) Borrowings
 (ii) Lease Liabilities
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities 
(b) Provisions
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
(c) Other non-current liabilities
Total Non-current Liabilities 
Current liabilities 
(a) Financial Liabilities 
 (I) Borrowings
 (ii) Lease Liabilities
 (iii) Trade Payables
 - Total outstanding dues of 
micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 - Total outstanding dues of 
creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small 
enterprises
 (iv) Other Financial Liabilities 
(b) Provisions
(c) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
(d)  Other current liabilities
Total current Liabilities 
 Total Equity and Liabilities 
 8,470.00 
 32,274.56 
 7,697.59 
 -   
 -   
 11,009.00 
 226.95 
 31,171.11 
 21.51 
 481.61 
 -   
 2,218.07 
 52,825.83 
 85,100.39 
 2,203.43 
 58,632.76 
 41.15 
 60,877.34 
 1,154.04 
 925.70 
 953.82 
 59.45 
 167.32 
 -   
 3,260.32 
 9,665.13 
 252.45 
 -   
 1,277.87 
 5,925.84 
 263.17 
 387.16 
 28.52 
 3,162.59 
 20,962.73 
 85,100.39 
( c ) (ii)
(e )
(c ) (ii)
(e )
(a)
(d)
(e)
(a)
(e)
(e)
(e)
 5.64 
 356.78 
 (0.00)
 -   
 -   
 0.01 
 
4.73 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.13 
 4.86 
 361.64 
 -   
 (813.55)
 1.27 
 (812.28)
 -   
 925.70 
 0.00 
 -   
 (16.99)
 -   
 908.71 
 10.00 
 252.45 
 -   
 0.00 
 2.56 
 (0.15)
 (0.00)
 0.34 
 265.21 
 361.64 
 8,464.36 
 31,917.78 
 7,697.59 
 -   
 -   
 11,008.99 
 222.22 
 31,171.11 
 21.51 
 481.61 
 -   
 2,217.94 
 52,820.97 
 84,738.75 
 2,203.43 
 59,446.31 
 39.88 
 61,689.62 
 1,154.04 
 -   
 953.82 
 59.45 
 184.31 
 2,351.61 
 9,655.13 
 -   
 -   
 
1,277.87 
 
5,925.84 
 260.61 
 387.31 
 28.52 
 3,162.25 
 20,697.52 
 84,738.75 
 365.39 
 7,497.65 
 7,379.47 
 -   
 -   
 5,196.21 
 
4,826.57 
 649.48 
 -   
 10.75 
 105.32 
 1,803.31 
 19,971.10 
 27,468.76 
 2,083.20 
 8,730.28 
 -   
 10,813.48 
 1,886.12 
 911.51 
 156.36 
 54.01 
 138.82 
 -   
 3,146.82 
 7,716.50 
 210.61 
 -   
 1,213.24 
 
2,528.68 
 -   
 166.85 
 -   
 1,672.59 
 13,508.46 
 27,468.76 
 0.19 
 1,085.67 
 (0.00)
 -   
 -   
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
(0.00)
 -   
 (0.01)
 0.03 
 0.09 
 0.11 
 1,085.78 
-   
 (20.55)
 (20.55)
 (0.00)
 911.51 
 -   
 -   
 (15.77)
 -   
 895.73 
 0.00 
 210.61 
 
(0.00)
 -   
 -   
 (0.01)
 -   
 (0.00)
 210.60 
 1,085.78 
 365.20 
 6,411.98 
 7,379.47 
 -   
 -   
 5,196.21 
 
4,826.56 
 649.49 
 -   
 10.75 
 105.29 
 1,803.22 
 19,971.00 
 26,382.98 
 2,083.20 
 8,750.83 
 10,834.03 
 1,886.12 
 -   
 156.36 
 54.01 
 154.59 
 2,251.08 
 7,716.49 
 -   
 -   
 
1,213.24 
 2,528.68 
 -   
 166.86 
 -   
 1,672.59 
 13,297.86 
 26,382.98 
st
IV. Reconciliation of Total Comprehensive Income for the period ended 31  March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
No.
As per
Prev. GAAP
Ind AS
Adjustments As per Ind AS
 1,33,376.84 
 926.21 
 1,33,36.84
 985.49 (c) (i) (ii)
I
II
Revenue from operations   
Other income   
 -   
 59.29
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 140 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
276275
 1,34,303.05 
 80,311.23 
 29,677.26 
 208.27 
 2,569.06 
 711.12 
 917.03 
 4,546.66 
 1,18,940.64 
 15,362.41 
 15,362.41 
 2,714.08 
 29.32 
 12,619.01 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 12,619.01
 59.29 
 -   
 -   
 
(0.00)
 17.51 
 110.47 
 213.67 
 (225.79)
 115.86 
 (56.57)
 (56.57)
 0.04 
 3.60 
 -   
 (60.21)
 18.02 
 4.42 
22.44   
(37.77)
 1,34,362.34 
 80,311.23 
 29,677.26 
 208.27 
 2,586.56 
 821.59 
 1,130.70 
 4,320.87 
 1,19,056.49 
 15,305.84 
 15,306 
 2,714.12 
 32.92 
 12,558.81 
 18.02 
 4.42 
 22.44 
 12,581.25 
(b)
(a)
(a)
(a), (c) (ii)
(d)
(b)
(b)
III
IV
V
VI
VII
VIII
IX
X
XI
   Total Income (I + II)  
  Expenses:   
Cost of materials consumed   
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade   
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, work-in-progress and stock-
in-trade   
Employee beneﬁts expense   
Finance costs   
Depreciation and amortization expense   
Other expenses ( adminstrative & selling expenses)   
   Total Expenses  
   Proﬁt before exceptional item and tax (III-IV)  
  Exceptional Item     
Proﬁt before tax (V-VI)   
  Tax expense:   
(1) Current tax   
(2) Deferred tax Expenses/(Income)   
(3) Earlier year tax { Short/(Excess)}   
  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ( VII-VIII)   
  Other Comprehensive Income:   
  A. Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss    
-Remeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan   
Less: Income tax on above    
Total other comprehensive income     
Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X)  
V. Reconciliation of total Equity as at 31 March, 2025 and 1 April, 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
 Equity share capital     
 Non Controlling Interests     
 Retained earnings      
 Securities Premium     
 Total Equity (shareholder's fund) as per previous GAAP     
 Adjustments :     
 Deferred tax impact on Ind AS adjustments     
 Fair Valuation of Investments in Quoted Investment     
 Impact on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 (Leases)     
 Fair valuation of security deposits     
 Adjustment for First Time Adoption of IND AS     
 Non Controlling Interests     
 Total Equity as per Ind AS   
 2,083.20 
 -   
 7,330.08 
 1,420.75 
 10,834.03 
 15.77 
 (36.37)
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 10,813.43 
 2,203.43 
 39.88 
 19,949.62 
 39,496.69 
 61,689.62 
 16.60 
 21.99 
 (102.51)
 0.10 
 (749.72)
 1.27 
 60,877.34 
(d)
(c ) (I)
(a)
(c ) (ii)
(f) (I)
(e)
VI. Reconcilation of Total Comprehensive Income for the year ended 31 March, 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note  Year ended
31 March 25 
 Net Proﬁt under Previous GAAP ( After Tax )      
 Add/(less) adjustments for Ind AS:      
 Minority Interest      
 Deferred tax      
 Provision for Gratuity      
 Gain on sale of investment (As per Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments)      
 Adjustment of preliminary expenses      
 Fair Value changes of Investment      
 Impact on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 (Leases)      
 Fair valuation of security deposits      
 Total adjustments      
 12,619.01 
 0.92 
 (3.21)
 (18.02)
 0.82 
 3.53 
 58.39 
 (102.64)
 (60.21)
(d)
(b)
(c ) (I)
(a)
 Net Proﬁt under Ind AS (After Tax)      
 Other Comprehensive Income      
 Actuarial Gain/(Loss) recognised in OCI      
 Income tax on above       
 Total Comprehensive Income as per Ind AS    
 12,558.81 
 18.02 
 4.42 
 12,581.25 
(b)
(b)
VII. Impact of Ind AS adoption on Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on 31 March, 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As per
Previous GAAP
Ind AS
Adjustments
As per
Ind AS
 Net cash Flow from operating activity     
 Net cash Flow from investing activity     
 Net cash Flow from ﬁnancing activity     
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year     
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year     
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year    
 2,652.21 
 (45,765.25)
 38,513.42 
 (4,599.62)
 4,826.57
 226.95 
 (8,657.96)
 9,591.86 
 (929.17)
 4.73 
 0.00 
 4.73 
 11,310.16 
 (55,357.10)
 39,442.59 
 (4,604.35)
 4,826.56
 222.22 
The changes in cash ﬂows are primarily due to creation of lease liabilities and right of use assets.        
VIII.  Notes to First time adoption        
         
(a)  Leases       
The Group applied Ind AS 116 – Leases  for the purpose of preparing the statutory ﬁnancial statements.
On this date, Right-of-Use (ROU) assets and corresponding lease liabilities were recognized based on 
the remaining lease payments. The ROU assets were adjusted for any related accrued or prepaid lease 
payments as of the transition date.
This application of Ind AS 116 resulted in a reduction in rent expense (which was capitalized as a part of 
cost of CWIP under the previous GAAP), with a corresponding increase in depreciation and ﬁnance 
costs  in Capital work in progress in the ﬁnancial statements.    
         
(b)  Deﬁned Beneﬁt Liabilities:       
Both under Previous GAAP and Ind AS, the Company recognised costs related to its post-
employment deﬁned beneﬁt plan on an actuarial basis. Under previous GAAP, the entire cost, 
including actuarial gains and losses, are charged to Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. Under Ind AS, 
remeasurements (comprising of actuarial gains and losses excluding amounts included in net 
interest on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability) are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income 
instead of Proﬁt or Loss. Accordingly ₹18.02  lakhs have been reclassiﬁed from Proﬁt or Loss to OCI.       
         
(c)  Financial Instuments:       
         (i) Investment in Quoted Securities:- 
In accordance with Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments”, investments in  Quoted Equity Shares are 
recognised at fair value through the statement of proﬁt and loss at each reporting period. This has 
resulted gain/(loss) amounting ₹(36.37)  lakhs recognized through other equity as at 1st April 2024 
and gain/(loss) amounting ₹ 59.18 lakhs during FY 2024-25. "       
         
  (ii) Security deposits(Leased Properties):-        
 Under Ind AS, security deposits have been reclassiﬁed and measured at their present value, with 
the difference accounted for as prepaid rent. As of the transition date on 1st April 2024, the total 
security deposit under Previous GAAP was ₹ 1.05 lakhs. During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, an 
additional ₹ 6.25 lakhs was recorded, bringing the closing balance to ₹ 7.30 lakhs as of 31st March 
2025.
 As part of the transition, the security deposit was reclassiﬁed into various ﬁnancial and non-
ﬁnancial assets.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 141 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
278277
 The discounting of non-current ﬁnancial assets resulted in the recognition of prepaid rent, with ₹ 
0.19 lakhs recorded as non-current prepaid rent and ₹0.09 lakhs as current prepaid rent. 
Subsequent new security deposit led to an increase of ₹ 5.45 lakhs in non-current prepaid rent and 
increase of ₹ 0.22 Lakh in current prepaid rent. The present value of non-current ﬁnancial security 
deposits was ₹ 0.77 lakhs at transition, which increased to ₹ 0.85 lakhs during the year. 
 Additionally, unwinding of the prepaid rent resulted in a charge of ₹0.20  lakhs, and interest 
income on the security deposit amounted to ₹ 0.10 lakhs during 2024-25. The net impact in proﬁt 
or loss was a loss of ₹0.10 lakhs.
 These adjustments reﬂect the fair value measurement of security deposits under Ind AS, ensuring 
compliance with the revised ﬁnancial reporting framework."      
         
(d)  Deferred Tax      : 
Previous GAAP required deferred tax accounting using the income statement approach, which 
focuses on differences between taxable proﬁts and accounting proﬁts for the period. Ind AS 12 
requires entities to account for deferred taxes using the balance sheet approach, which focuses on 
temporary differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the balance sheet and 
its tax base. The application of Ind AS 12 approach has resulted in recognition of deferred tax on new 
temporary differences which was not required under Previous GAAP. In addition, the various 
transitional adjustments discussed above lead to temporary differences and reclassiﬁcation of tax 
expense from Proﬁt or Loss to OCI. According to the accounting policies, the Company has to account 
for such differences. Deferred Tax adjustments are recognised in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in retained earnings or proﬁt and loss respectively.       
(e) Change in Consolidation Basis      : 
Under the Previous GAAP, certain investee entities were treated as associates based on the 
Company’s 49% shareholding and were accounted for using the equity method. On transition to Ind 
AS 110, the Company reassessed its involvement and determined that it has control over such entities 
in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 110. Accordingly, these entities have been considered 
as subsidiaries and consolidated on a line-by-line basis under Ind AS. Consequently, the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements reﬂect signiﬁcant changes in the carrying amount and presentation of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses.       
(f) Prior Period Items       
 (i) Under previous GAAP,  Preoperative expenses amounting to Rs. 677.71 lakhs were recognised as 
non current assets but upon transition to IND AS these were reclassiﬁes to capital work in 
progress.Similarly, deffered revenue expenses and preliminary expenses amounting to Rs 753.44 
lakhs were adjusted  through retained earnings       
  (ii) Under  Previous GAAP, prior period expenses amounting to Rs .21.09 lakh were recognised 
separately but upon transition to IND AS these we reclassiﬁed to respective expenses       
         
  (iii) Other Current Liabilities (Rent Payable)       
  Under Previous GAAP, rent expenses amounting to Rs.2,31,000  were not recognized on an accrual 
basis. Under Ind AS, rent has been recognized on an accrual basis and, to the extent applicable, has 
been capitalized as part of Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP) in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards. Consequently, a corresponding rent payable liability has also been 
recognized, with the impact adjusted in the opening retained earnings as at the transition date.      
Note No. 44:- Share-based payments (ESOP)
1. The shareholders of the Group in its Extraordinary General Meetings held on 4th March, 2024 and  
17th June, 2024 passed the special resolution for approval of Insolation Energy Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2024 the Plan authorizing the Board/Committee to Grant not exceeding 20,00,000 
Options to the eligible Employees in one or more tranches, from time to time, which in aggregate 
shall be exercisable into not more than 20,00,000 Shares of face value of Re. 1/- each fully paid up, 
with each such Option conferring a right upon the Employees to apply for one Share in the Group in 
accordance with the terms and conditions as may be decided under the Plan.
2. The maximum number of Options that may be granted per Employee and in aggregate shall be 
decided by the Committee depending upon the designation and the appraisal/assessment 
process. However, the Grant of Options to identiﬁed Employees, during any one year shall not be 
equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued capital of the Group at the time of grant of option. Further, 
approval of shareholders by way of separate resolution in the general meeting shall be obtained 
before Grant of Options to identiﬁed Employees, during any one year equal to or exceeding 1% of 
the issued capital of the Group at the time of grant of option. In addition, the maximum number of 
options that may be granted in aggregate shall not exceed 20,00,000 options.
3. If an Option cancels, expires, lapses or becomes un-exercisable due to any reason, it shall be 
brought back to the Options pool as mentioned in Sub-clause 3.1 and shall become available for 
future Grants, subject to compliance with all Applicable Laws.
4. Where Shares are issued consequent upon exercise of an Option under the ESOP 2024, the 
maximum number of Shares that can be issued under ESOP 2024 as referred to in Clause 3.1 above 
shall stand reduced to the extent of such Shares issued.
5. In case of a Share split or consolidation, if the revised face value of the Share is less or more than the 
current face value as prevailing on the date of coming into force of this Plan, the maximum number 
of Shares available for being granted under ESOP 2024 as speciﬁed above shall stand modiﬁed 
accordingly, so as to ensure that the cumulative face value (no. of Shares X face value per Share) 
prior to such Share split or consolidation remains unchanged after such Share split or 
consolidation. Thus, for example, if the prevailing face value of each Share is Rs.10 per Share and the 
revised face value after the Share consolidation is Rs 100 per Share, the total number of Shares 
available under ESOP 2024 would be (Shares reserved at Sub-Clause 3.1/10) Shares of Rs.100 each. 
Accordingly, the number of Options to be issued will also undergo a change. Similarly, in case of 
bonus issue, etc. the available number of Shares under Plan shall be revised to restore the value.
* The Board of Directors approved, the sub-division/ split of The equity shares of the Group, such that 1 
(one) equity share having face value of Rs. 10.00 (Rupees Ten only) each, fully paid-up, was sub-divided 
into 10 (ten) equity shares having face value of Rs. 1.00 (Rupee One only) each, fully paid-up. Further, 
the members in its Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) on 05th December, 2024, approved the said 
sub-division/ split of equity shares. The effect of the change in face value of the share was reﬂected on 
the share price at the Stock Exchange where the Group is listed (BSE), effective from 24th January 
2025 i.e. record date for the purpose of subdivision/ split of equity shares of your Group.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 142 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
280279
As at March 31, 2026
Particulars st
1  Grant
nd
2  Grant
rd
3  Grant
th
4  Grant
th
5  Grant
th
6  Grant
ESOP 2024
Date of Grant  
Share Price on date of Grant  
Average Fair Value on date of Grant  
Outstanding as on April 1, 2025  
Granted during the year  
Transfer in   
Transfer out  
Forfeited during the period  
Lapsed during the period  
Exercised during the period  
Outstanding as on March 31, 2026  
Vested outstanding options  
Unvested outstanding options  
Vesting Period  
Exercise Period 
 
Weighted Average remaining
contract life 
 
Exercise Price  
Weighted average share price for
shares excercised during the year  
Description of the method and
signiﬁcant assumptions used during
the year to estimate the fair value of
the options including the following
assumptions
th
 14  Aug, 2025 
 238.00 
 78.59 
 - 
 23,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 13,000.00 
 - 
 13,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 26  May, 2025 
 254.00 
 78.56 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 10,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
st
21  March, 2025 
th
 28  Oct, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.54 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,500.00 
 - 
 11,250.00 
 26,250.00 
 - 
 26,250.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 09  Sept, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.52 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000.00 
 - 
 40,375.00 
 1,06,125.00 
 35,375.00 
 70,750.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 10  July, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 NA
 
 3.80 
 NA
258.00 
 254.58 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 61,250.00 
 - 
 - 
 38,750.00 
 10,625.00 
 28,125.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
At the end of 12 (twelve) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted 
At the end of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 24 (twenty-four) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 30 (thirty) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
The Exercise period in respect of an exercise of option shall be a period of 18 (Eighteen) months
from the date of vesting of option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
(i) Expected Volitility  
(ii) Dividend Yield  
(iii) Risk free interest rates  
(iv) Withdrawal rate  
The method used and assumptions
made to incorporate the effects of
expected early exercise
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 66.68%
0.04%
6.43%
0% P.a.
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 66.68%
0.04%
6.44%
0% P.a.
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 67.04%
0.04%
6.44%
0% P.a.
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 64.86%
0.12%
6.42%
0% P.a.
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
67.54%
0.12%
6.42%
0% P.a.
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
*For the purpose of calculation of annual volatility, we have considered daily volatility of the Websol Energy System Ltd and KPI Green 
Energy Ltd (Listed Peers) along with India Volatility Index (India Vix) and taken an average of these volatilities assuming 250 trading days 
in a year. It is calculated on basis of the period which commensurate with the remaining time to maturity of the option.
st
1  Grant
nd
2  Grant
rd
3  Grant
th
4  Grant
ESOP 2024
st
21  March, 2025 
th
 28  Oct, 2024 
  258.00 
 254.54 
 - 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 50,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 09  Sept, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.52 
 - 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 1,66,500.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 10  July, 2024 
- 
-
- 
 15,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 15,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 18 Months
from vesting
Date  
 3.80 
 NA
 258.00 
 254.58 
 - 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 1,00,000.00
 
18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
At the end of 12 (twelve) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted 
At the end of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 24 (twenty-four) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 30 (thirty) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
The Exercise period in respect of an exercise of option shall be a period of 18 (Eighteen) months
from the date of vesting of option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Date of Grant  
Share Price on date of Grant    
Average Fair Value on date of Grant    
Outstanding as on April 1, 2024    
Granted during the year    
Transfer in     
Transfer out    
Forfeited during the period    
Lapsed during the period    
Exercised during the period    
Outstanding as on March 31, 2025    
Vested outstanding options    
Unvested outstanding options
Vesting Period
Exercise Period 
 
Weighted Average remaining contract life  
Exercise Price  
Weighted average share price for shares excercised during the year
Description of the method and signiﬁcant assumptions used
during the year to estimate the fair value of the options including
the following assumptions
(i) Expected Volitility  
(ii) Dividend Yield  
(iii) Risk free interest rates  
(iv) Withdrawal rate  
The method used and assumptions made to incorporate the
effects of expected early exercise
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
  Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
66.68%
0.04%
6.43%
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 66.68%
0.04%
6.44% 
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 67.04%
0.04%
6.44%
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
*For the purpose of calculation of annual volatility, we have considered daily volatility of the Websol Energy System Ltd and KPI Green 
Energy Ltd (Listed Peers) along with India Volatility Index (India Vix) and taken an average of these volatilities assuming 250 trading days 
in a year. It is calculated on basis of the period which commensurate with the remaining time to maturity of the option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 143 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
282281
Note No. 45:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 107 ‘Financial instrument disclosure’
(A) Capital management
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all 
other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective of the 
Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains an efﬁcient capital structure and healthy 
capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic 
conditions or its business requirements. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may 
adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The 
Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio and includes within net debt, interest bearing loans and 
borrowings less Cash and cash equivalents.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
st
 1  April 2024
st
 31  March
2025
st
 31  March
2026
Gross Debt
Less : Cash and cash equivalents
Net Debt (A)
Total Equity (B)
Gearing Ratio (A/B)
 9,602.61 
 4,826.57 
 4,776.04 
 10,813.48 
 0.44
 10,819.17 
 226.95 
 10,592.22 
 60,877.34 
 0.17
 83,479.67 
 8,799.10 
 74,680.57 
 80,847.49 
 0.92
(B) Financial risk management
The Group’s principal ﬁnancial liabilities comprise Borrowings, trade payables and other payables. 
The main purpose of these ﬁnancial liabilities is to ﬁnance the Group’s operations. The Group’s 
principal ﬁnancial assets include trade & other receivables, cash & cash Equivalent, deposits. 
Group is exposed to following risk from the use of its ﬁnancial instrument: 
a. Credit Risk        
b. Liquidity Risk        
c. Market Risk        
d. Foreign Currency Risk        
e. Interest Rate Risk        
The Group’s Financial Risk Management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business 
strategies. The Group’s ﬁnancial risk management is set by the Managing Board.
a.  Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of ﬁnancial loss to the Group if a customer or counter party to a ﬁnancial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations resulting in a ﬁnancial loss to the Group. Credit risk 
arises principally from trade receivables, loans & advances, cash & cash equivalents and deposits with 
banks and ﬁnancial institutions.
Trade Receivable
Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 7 days to 90 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all 
customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly 
monitored. The Group has no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed 
both economically and geographically.
Other Financial Instruments and Cash & Cash Equivalent
The Group maintain its cash & cash equivalent in current account to meet the day to day 
requirements. Other ﬁnancial instruments are Deposit, Accrued Interest, and Other Receivables. The 
Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the component of the Balance Sheet as of  31st March 
2026, 31st March, 2025, 31st March, 2024  is the carrying amount as disclosed in Note 13, 14 & 14A. 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 31st March 2026 
Trade Receivables 28,049.4623.67307.081,224.723,316.669,579.2113,598.12
Total 13,598.12 9,579.21 3,316.66 1,224.72 307.08 23.67 28,049.46
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 31st March 2025 
Trade Receivables 11,008.9923.6742.7831.0794.011,238.289,579.19
Total 9,579.19 1,238.28 94.01 31.07 42.78 23.67 11,008.99
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 1st April 2024 
Trade Receivables 5,196.2238.1625.2312.78127.96516.134,475.97
Total 4,475.97 516.13 127.96 12.78 25.23 38.16 5,196.22
b.  Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difﬁculty in meeting the obligations associated 
with its ﬁnancial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another ﬁnancial asset. The Group’s 
approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufﬁcient 
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without 
incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
The table below summarises the maturity proﬁle of the Group’s ﬁnancial liabilities based on 
contractual undiscounted payments: 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 31st March 2026
Term Loans*
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand)
Trade Payables
Other Financial Liabilities
Lease Liability
  48,631.72 
 34,847.95
 
 29,272.74 
 6,042.33 
 13,913.36
 21,224.66 
 -   
-   
 -   
 11,914.83
 16,249.47 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 677.40
 9,414.80 
 -   
 
-   
 5,953 
 658.38
 1,742.78 
 -   
 
29,272.74 
 90 
 662.75
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
  34,847.95
  -   
 -   
 -
Total  34,847.95 - 31,767.97 16,025.82 16,926.87 33,139.49  1,32,708.10
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 31st March 2026 
Term Loans* 
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand) 
Trade Payables 
Other Financial Liabilities 
Lease Liability
 2,005.37 
 8,813.80 
 
7,203.70 
 1,216.99 
 1,961.91
 557.37 
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 1,232.74
 298.78 
 -   
-   
 -   
 135.66
 
297.90 
 -   
 -   
 953.82 
 300.96
 
851.33 
 -   
 
7,203.70 
 263.17 
 292.54
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
 8,813.80
  -   
 -   
 -
Total 8,813.80 - 8,610.75 1,552.68 434.43 1,790.11 21,201.77
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 1st April 2024
Term Loans*
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand)
 3,116.28 
 6,486.34
 829.50 
 -
 235.00 
 -
 821.61 
 -  
 1,230.16 
 -  
 -   
 -
 -   
 6,486.34
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 144 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
284283
* Includes contractual interest payment based on interest rate previling at the end of reporting period 
over tenure of the borrowings 
* Current maturity of long-term borrowings is included in interest bearing borrowing part in above 
note.
* Overdraft or other on demand loan facility, if any available with the Company to be disclosed, to the 
extent undrawn. 
 
c.  Market Risk        
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates 
will affect the Company’s income. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control 
market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting up of policies and procedures to manage market risks 
of the Company. All such transactions are carried out within the guidelines set by the Managing 
Board.
d.  Foreign Currency Risk        
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of an exposure will ﬂuctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on 
certain transactions that are denominated in a currency other than entity’s functional currency, 
hence exposure to exchange rate ﬂuctuations arises. The risk is that the functional currency value of 
cash ﬂows will vary as a result of movements in exchange rates. The company uses forward contracts 
to mitigate its risk from foreign currency ﬂuctuations. 
Derivative instruments and unhedged foreign currency exposure:- 
(i) Derivative outstanding as at the reporting date - Nil 
(ii) Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposure as at the reporting date
Trade Payables
Other Financial Liabilities
Lease Liability
 3,741.91 
 156.36 
 1,626.41
 -   
 -   
 842.46
 -   
 -   
 285.21
 -   
 156.36 
 277.11
 3,741.91 
 -   
 221.63
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -
Total 6,486.34 - 5,193.70 1,255.09 520.21 1,671.96 15,127.29
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Financial Liability     
Trade & other payables 493.22512.9411,645.77 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
1% Appreciation in INR
Impact on Equity
Impact on P&L
1% Depreciation in INR
Impact on Equity
Impact on P&L
 4.93 
 4.93 
 (4.93)
 (4.93)
 5.13 
 5.13 
 (5.13)
 (5.13)
 116.46 
 116.46 
 (116.46)
 (116.46)
Foreign Currency sensitivity
The Group’s investment consists of investments in non traded (Un-quoted) company held for 
purposes other than trading. Such investments held in connection with non-consolidated 
investments represent a low exposure risk for the Company and are not hedged.
As at 31st, March 2026 Company does not have material exposure to listed or unlisted equity price risk.
e.  Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk arises from the sensitivity of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities to changes in market rates 
of interest. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk arising mainly from long term borrowings 
with ﬂoating interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk because the cash ﬂows 
associated with ﬂoating rate borrowings will ﬂuctuate with changes in interest rates. The Company 
manages the interest rate risks by entering into different kinds of loan arrangements with varied 
terms.
At the reporting date the interest rate proﬁle of the Company’s interest-bearing ﬁnancial instruments 
is as follows:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Financial Assets     
Fixed Rate     
Bank Deposit     
Variable Rate Instruments     
Loan Given
 684.58 
 600.00
 31,368.98 
 4,004.10
 12,170.91 
 2,742.89
Total 14,913.80 35,373.08 1,284.58
Financial Liabilities     
Fixed Rate     
External Commercial Borrowing     
Variable Rate Instruments     
Term Loans     
Loan repayable on demand
 1,631.23 
 1,485.05 
 6,486.34
 597.64 
 1,407.73 
 8,813.80
 -   
 48,631.72 
 24,713.03
Total 73,344.75 10,819.17 9,602.61
As at March 31,2026, 0.00% of the Company’s Liabilities are at ﬁxed rate of interest (March 31, 2025 : 
5.52%) (April 1, 2024 : 16.99%) 
 
Interest rate sensitivity        
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on 
that portion of loans and borrowings affected. With all other variables held constant, the Company’s 
proﬁt before tax is affected through the impact on ﬂoating rate borrowings, as follows:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0.5% Increase in Rate - Loan repayable on demand
Impact on P&L
0.5% Decrease in Rate - Loan repayable on demand
Impact on P&L
 (32.43)
 32.43
 (44.07)
 44.07
 (174.24)
 174.24
Note No. 46:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 108 ‘ Operating segment
i. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to 
the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) of the Company. The CODM, who is responsible for 
allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identiﬁed as 
the Chief Finance Ofﬁcer of the Company. The Group operates only in one Business Segment i.e. 
“Manufacturing & Trading of Solar Photovoltaic Modules”, hence does not have any reportable 
Segments as per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments”.
ii. Further, from one customer the Group (Solarworld Energy Solutions Ltd)  has revenue of  Rs 
26,518.78   Lakh (March 31, 2025: Nil) which is more than 10% of the total revenue from operations.
iii. Information about Geographical revenue and non-current asset.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 145 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
286285
Note No. 47:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 113 ‘Fair Value Measurement
Fair Value Hierarchy
This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair values of the 
ﬁnancial instruments that are:-
a. recognised and measured at fair value and;        
b. measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in ﬁnancial statements. To 
provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group 
has classiﬁed its ﬁnancial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting standard.
Fair value are categorised into different level in a fair value hierarchy which are as follows:
Level 1  - Level 1 hierarchy includes ﬁnancial instruments measured using quoted prices.
Level 2  - The fair value of ﬁnancial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined 
using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as 
possible on entity speciﬁc estimates.
Level 3 -  If one or more of the signiﬁcant inputs is not based on observable market data, the 
instrument is included in Level 3 is determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models 
based on discounted cash ﬂow analysis using prices from observable market transactions and dealer 
quotes of similar instruments.
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair values:
(A)  Speciﬁc valuation technique is used to determine the fair value of the ﬁnancial instruments 
which include: 
i. For ﬁnancial instruments other than (ii):- In accordance with generally accepted pricing models 
based on discounted cash ﬂow analysis using prices from observable market transactions and 
dealer quotes of similar instruments.
ii. For ﬁnancial liabilities (domestic currency loans) :- appropriate market borrowing rate of the entity 
as of each balance sheet date used.
(B) Financial Instruments By Category
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financial Assets: 
Investments 
Loans 
Trade Receivables 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Bank balances other than cash and cash 
equivalent 
Other Financial Assets
 -   
 600.00 
 5,196.21 
 4,826.57 
 649.48 
 
145.98
 512.37 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 3,251.51 
 4,004.10 
 11,009.00 
 226.95 
 31,171.11 
 
2,315.29
 646.38 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
 3,250.53 
 2,742.89 
 28,158.52 
 8,799.10 
 43,294.74 
 
2,116.36
 302.78 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
Total Financial Assets 11,418.24512.3751,977.95646.3888,362.14302.78
st
As at 31  March 2026
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
st
As at 31  March 2025
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
st
As at 31  March 2024
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
Financial Liability:
Borrowings 9,602.61-10,819.17-83,479.67-
Lease Liability  
Trade Payables  
Other Financial Liabilities
 1,122.12 
 3,741.91
 -
-
-
-
 1,178.16 
 7,203.70 
 -
-
-
-
5,312.01 
 29,272.74 
 6,042.33
-
-
-
Total Financial Liability 14,466.64-19,201.03-1,24,106.75-
(Rs in Lakh)
Financial Instrument measured at Fair Value-recurring fair value
measurement
Financial Assets
Investments in Equity Instruments 512.37646.38302.781.00
(C) Fair Value Hierarchy
As at
st
1  April 2024
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025Level
B) Deﬁned Beneﬁts Plans
The company has following post employment beneﬁt which are in the nature of deﬁned beneﬁt plans:
Gratuity 
The Group provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. 
Employees who are in continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of 
gratuity payable on retirement/termination is the employees last drawn basic salary per month 
computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
India      
Outside India
(a) Revenue from operations
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
1,33,376.84
-
2,14,602.13
-
(b) All non-current assets of the company are located in India.
Total 2,14,602.13 1,33,376.84
D. Fair value disclosures of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value :        
For ﬁnancial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value, the carrying amount is an 
approximation of fair values.
Note No. 48:- Disclosure as per Ind AS-19, 'Employee beneﬁts :
The disclosure under Ind AS 19 – Employee Beneﬁts has been presented in respect of the Holding 
Company, Insolation Energy Limited, and its subsidiary, Insolation Green Energy Private Limited , 
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited. Other subsidiaries do not have employee beneﬁt 
arrangements requiring such disclosures.
(A) Deﬁned Contribution Plans
The amount recognized as an expense for deﬁned contribution plans are as under:
In Case of Holding Company, Insolation Energy Limited (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Provident fund      
ESI
st
31  March 2025
 9.82 
 3.28
 8.93 
 2.23
Total 13.1011.16
For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
In Case of Subsidiary Company, Insolation Green Energy Private Limited (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Provident fund      
ESI
st
31  March 2025
 18.94 
 4.12
 67.36 
 4.91
Total 23.0672.28
For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
In Case of Subsidiary Company, Insolation Green Infra Private Limited (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Provident fund      
ESI
st
31  March 2025
-
-
 1.89 
 0.03
Total -1.92
For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 146 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
288287
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 1.96 
 23.80
 0.85 
 11.65
 2.16 
 15.15
Net Liability 25.7612.5017.32
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 24.11 
 1.81 
 7.37 
 -   
 (9.04)
 1.52
 25.76 
 1.87 
 2.99 
 -   
 (1.48)
 (16.64)
 12.50 
 0.92 
 3.05 
 -   
 -   
 0.85
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 25.7612.5017.32
In Case of Holding Company, Insolation Energy Limited
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 4.863.97
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost
 1.87 
 2.99
 0.92 
 3.05
 For the year ended
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Amount recognized in other comprehensive income consists of:
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation (16.64)0.85
 For the year ended
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (16.64)0.85
 For the year ended
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (16.64)0.85
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Expected average remaining services
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
The assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.25 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 24.9 years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0 to 1 Year  
1 to 2 Year  
2 to 3 Year 
1.96 
0.83 
0.95
0.85 
0.30 
0.40
2.16 
0.64 
0.64
Expected Maturity analysis for the deﬁned beneﬁt plan in the future years:
3 to 4 Year  
4 to 5 Year  
5 Year onwards
3.59 
0.76 
17.67
0.42 
0.42 
10.12
0.64 
0.63 
12.60
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 25.7612.5017.32
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
PV of obligation Gratuity
Discount rate  16.18 
 18.60
 11.63 
 13.49
24.14 
 27.60
18.63 
 16.15
 13.50 
 11.61
27.62 
 24.09
17.55 
 17.06
 12.51 
 12.46
 25.74 
 25.75
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 0.10 
 4.50
 0.63 
 17.33
 3.36 
 59.96
Net Liability 4.6017.9663.31
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 4.60 
 0.33 
 14.40 
 -   
 -   
 (1.38)
 17.96 
 2.44 
 26.24 
 -   
 (2.66)
 19.33
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 4.6017.9663.31
In Case of Subsidiary Company, Insolation Green Energy Private Limited
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 14.7428.68
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
 0.33 
 14.40
 2.44 
 26.24
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 As at
st
31  March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Amount recognized in other comprehensive income consists of:
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation (1.38)19.33
 For the year ended
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (1.38)19.33
 For the year ended
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (1.38)19.33
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 147 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
290289
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
The assumptions used in accounting for the Leave Encashment are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.25 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0 to 1 Year  
1 to 2 Year  
2 to 3 Year  
3 to 4 Year  
4 to 5 Year  
5 Year onwards
0.10 
0.00 
0.00 
0.08 
0.12 
4.29
0.63 
0.06 
0.14 
0.38 
1.07 
15.70
3.35 
1.28 
1.72 
2.33 
2.38 
52.25
Total 4.6017.9663.31
Expected Maturity analysis for the deﬁned beneﬁt plan in the future years:
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
PV of obligation Gratuity
Discount rate 59.23 
 67.94
16.78 
 19.31
4.28 
 4.97
68.03 
 59.09
19.32 
 16.75
4.97 
 4.28
 62.76 
 63.76
17.43 
 18.48
4.46 
 4.73
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
In Case of Subsidiary Company, Insolation Green Infra Private Limited (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:      
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year       
Interest cost       
Current service cost       
Past service cost       
Beneﬁts paid       
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 -   
-
 0.31 
-
-
-
 0.31 
 0.07 
 1.72 
 -   
 -   
 0.33
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 0.312.43
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 0.09 
 0.22
 0.01 
 2.42
Net Liability 0.312.43
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 0.311.79
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
 -   
 0.31
 0.07 
 1.72
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 As at
st
31  March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Amount recognized in other comprehensive income consists of:
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation -0.33
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 As at
st
31  March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities -0.33
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss -0.33
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 As at
st
31  March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
The assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity are set out below:
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
PV of obligation Gratuity
Discount rate 2.27 
 2.62
 0.29 
 0.32 
 2.62 
 2.26
 0.32 
 0.29 
2.35 
 2.50
0.30 
 0.31
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0 to 1 Year  
1 to 2 Year  
2 to 3 Year  
3 to 4 Year  
4 to 5 Year  
5 Year onwards
0.09 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.01 
0.21
0.01 
0.00 
0.01 
0.01 
0.08 
2.32
Total 0.312.43
Expected Maturity analysis for the deﬁned beneﬁt plan in the future years:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 148 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
292291
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 2.28 
 16.04
 0.61 
 4.54
 0.22 
 1.53
Net Liability 18.325.151.74
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 9.53 
 0.71 
 7.84 
 -   
 (4.95)
 5.18
 18.32 
 1.33 
 1.82 
 -   
 (4.89)
 (11.43)
 5.15 
 0.33 
 1.78 
 -   
 (2.72)
 (2.80)
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 18.325.151.74
Leave Encashment
The Group provides for leave encashment beneﬁt to its employees in India in accordance with the 
Company’s leave policy. Employees are entitled to encash unutilized earned leave at the time of 
retirement, resignation, or termination, subject to the rules of the Group. The liability for leave 
encashment is determined based on actuarial valuation, considering the number of accumulated 
leave days and the last drawn basic salary of the employee. The amount payable is calculated based 
on the unutilized leave balance at the applicable salary rate as on the reporting date.
In Case of Holding Company, Insolation Energy Limited
Movement in Plan Liability
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Expected average remaining services
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
The assumptions used in accounting for the Leave Encashment are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 24.9 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss (8.28)(0.68)
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation
 1.33 
 1.82 
 (11.43)
 0.33 
 1.78 
 (2.80)
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 PV of obligation Leave Encashment
Discount rate 1.63 
 1.87
 4.83 
 5.51
17.22 
 19.56
1.87 
 1.63
 5.52 
 4.82
19.57 
 17.18
 1.76 
 1.72 
 5.19 
 5.11
18.48 
 18.15 
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 11.04 
 0.80 
 26.08 
 -   
 (6.59)
 (2.09)
 29.24 
 2.77 
 31.92 
 -   
 (26.71)
 (8.51)
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 11.0429.2428.71
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 1.38 
 9.66
 3.79 
 25.45
 3.77 
 24.94
Net Liability 11.0429.2428.71
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 24.7922.80
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation
 0.80 
 26.08 
 (2.09)
 2.67 
 29.26 
 (9.13)
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
The assumptions used in accounting for the Leave Encashment are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.25 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
60 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 As at
st
31  March 2025
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (2.09)(8.51)
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (2.09)(8.51)
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (11.43)(2.80)
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (11.43)(2.80)
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 149 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
294293
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 PV of obligation Leave Encashment
Discount rate 26.85 
 30.81
27.33 
 31.42
10.27
11.92
30.85 
 26.79
31.42 
 27.27
11.93
10.25
29.09 
 28.28
29.52 
 28.93 
11.18
10.88
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 -   
 -   
 0.47 
 -   
 -   
 -
 0.47 
 0.14 
 2.87 
 -   
 (1.00)
 0.66
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 0.473.14
In Case of Subsidiary Company, Insolation Green Infra Private Limited 
Movement in Plan Liability
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 0.22 
 0.25
 0.39 
 2.74
Net Liability 0.473.14
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 0.473.00
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation
 -   
 0.47 
 -
 0.14 
 2.87 
 0.66
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities -0.66
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss -0.66
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
The assumptions used in accounting for the Leave Encashment are set out below:
 7.75 % p.a. 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % p.a. 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.00 % p.a. 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % p.a. 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 PV of obligation
Leave Encashment
Discount rate 2.93 
 3.37
0.45 
 0.49
3.38 
 2.92
0.49 
 0.45
3.18 
 3.09
0.47 
 0.47
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
Note No. 49:- Disclosure required as per Ind AS 23 "Borrowing Costs
The amount of interest capitalised during the year is Rs.6085.94 Lakh (PY: Rs 7.92 Lakh)
Note No. 50:- Disclosure with regards to Section 186 of Companies Act, 2013
Amount Outstanding as on 31st March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Loan Given  
Guarantee Given 
Investments Made
 600.00 
 7,567.00 
 512.37
 4,004.10 
 9,968.00 
 3,897.89
 2,742.89 
 1,65,401.00 
 3,553.31
Loans, Guarantees given or Investments made during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 (Rs in Lakh)
Name of Entity
Particulars
of Loans,
Guarantees
given or
Investments
made
Purpose for
which the
loans,
guarantees &
investments
are proposed
to be utilised
Relation
Transaction
during the
year
SBI Dynamic Bond Fund - Regular Plan - Growth
(Folio- 46375354) 
Loan to Others
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd    
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Pvt Ltd    
GDIPL Solar Raj Project TwoPvt Ltd
Other Companies
Investment in
Mutual Funds Business
Purpose
Shares
Subsidiary Company
 99.99
 
 664.49
  1,50,300.00 
 3,419.00 
 1,714.00
Guarentee
Given
Business
Purpose
Note No. 51:- Disclosures as per Ind AS 115 'Revenue From Contracts with Customers' 
(i) Disaggregate revenue information
The table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers for the year ended 
March 31, 2026 on the basis of countries from which entity earns its revenue.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total 1,33,107.822,12,634.68
 For the year ended
Revenue on the basis of Geographical area
- Domestic sales
- Export sales
 1,33,107.82
 -
 2,12,634.68
 -
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Revenue as per Statement of Proﬁt and Loss 1,33,107.822,12,634.68
 For the year ended
Revenue as per contract price       
Add/(Less): Incentive, rebates and discounts
1,33,107.82 
 -
2,12,687.00 
 (52.32)
(ii) Reconciliation of revenue recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss with the
contracted price on account of adjustments made to the contract price:
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 150 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
296295
(iii) Disclosure of contract balances (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Trade receivables     
Contract Liabilities     
   - Advance from customers
5,196.21 
 1,593.97
11,009.00 
 2,661.51
 28,158.52 
 5,683.35
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total revenue from contract with customers 1,34,362.342,16,352.38
 For the year ended
Goods transferred at a point in time
Services transferred at a point in time (Other operating income)
1,34,356.66 
 5.68
2,15,373.64 
 978.74
(iv) Timing of revenue recognition
Return on Investment Due to increase 
in investment
144.99%
2.69
59.21 
 
2,205.13
(1.21)
(45.01)
 
3,725.60
Net Gain/(Loss) on sale/fair value 
changes of investments  
Average Investment
In_%
K
Note No. 52:- Regrouped, Recast, Reclassiﬁed         
a. All amounts disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest 
Lakhs upto two decimals as per the requirements of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
b. Previous period’s ﬁgures in the ﬁnancial statements, including the notes thereto, have been 
reclassiﬁed wherever required to conﬁrm to the current period’s presentation/classiﬁcation.
Note No. 53:- Ratios
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Reason for
Variation
Current Ratio Due to increase in 
current liabilities
Variation
26.23%
2.52
52,825.83 
 20,962.73
1.86
1,40,970.94 
 75,829.18
Numerator/Denominator  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
S.
No.
Current Assets  
Current Liabilites
In_Times
A
Debt / Equity Ratio Due to increase 
in debt
481.00%
0.18
10,819.17 
 60,877.34
1.03
 83,479.67 
 80,847.49
Total Debt    
Equity
In_Times
B
Debt Service Coverage Ratio (7.74)%
8.68
17,258.13 
1,988.91
9.35
30,462.40 
3,258.32
Earning available for Debt Service  
Debt Service
In_Times
C
Return on Equity (20.29)%
20.63
12,558.81 
 60,877.34
24.82
20,063.15 
 80,847.49
Earnings after Tax   
Equity
In_%
D
Inventory Turnover Ratio Due to increase in 
inventory
46.80%
17.69
1,33,376.84 
 7,538.53
9.41
2,14,602.13 
 22,801.40
Revenue From Operations  
Average Inventory
In_Times
E
Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio Due to increse in 
trade receivable
33.43%
16.46
1,33,376.84 
 8,102.60
10.96
2,14,602.13 
 19,583.76
Revenue From Operations  
Average Trade Receivables
In_Times
F
Trade Payable Turnover Ratio Due to increase in 
trade payable
45.22%
20.19
1,10,514.88 
 5,472.81
11.06
2,01,751.92 
 18,238.22
Net Purchases   
Average Trade Payables
In_Times
G
Net Capital  Turnover Ratio 21.30%
4.19
1,33,376.84 
 31,863.10
3.29
2,14,602.13 
 65,141.76
Revenue From Operations  
Working Capital
In_Times
H
Net Proﬁt Ratio 0.71%
9.42
12,558.81 
 1,33,376.84
9.35
20,063.15 
 2,14,602.13
Net Proﬁt/(Loss) after tax  
Revenue From Operations
In_%
I
Return on Capital Employed 23.46%
25.15
16,127.43 
 64,137.66
19.25
26,882.62 
 1,39,683.53
Earnings before Interest and Tax  
Capital Employed
In_%
J
Note No. 54:-
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has prescribed a new requirement for companies under the 
proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 inserted by the Companies (Accounts) 
Amendment Rules 2021 requiring companies, which uses accounting software for maintaining its 
books of accounts, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail 
of each and every transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of accounts 
along with the date when such changes were made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be 
disabled.
The group has used such accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a 
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year 
for all transactions recorded in the software and the audit trail feature has not been tampered with 
and the audit trail has been preserved by the group as per the statutory requirements for record 
retention.
Note No. 55:- Other Particulars/Disclosures as required by schedule-III are either Nil or Not 
Applicable.
Note No. 56:- Other Additional Regulatory Information
i. During the year ended March 31, 2026 the group has not announced any dividend
ii. No proceeding has been initiated, nor any case is pending against the group for holding any 
benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules 
made thereunder.
iii. The group has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial institution or any other 
lender
iv. The group do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond 
the statutory period.
v. The group is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of Section 2 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Restriction on number of layers) rules, 2017.
vi. The group has not traded, nor invested in any Crypto currency or virtual currency during the year 
ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
vii.During the period, the group has not advanced or given any loan or invested funds to any other 
persons or entities, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that 
Intermediary shall: (a) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identiﬁed in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the group (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) or (b) Provide any 
guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
viii.During the period, the group has not received any fund from any persons or entities, including 
foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise) that group shall: (a) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) 
or (b) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
ix. There is no Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of 
sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 during the Year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 
2025.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 151 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
298297
x. The group does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has 
been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
xi. The group has no outstanding balances with the struck off companies.
Material Accounting Policies (Note No.1-3), Notes on Accounts and other disclosures from Note 
No. 4 to 59 forming part of these ﬁnancial statements.
Note No. 57:- Enterprises Consolidated as Subsidiary in accordance with Indian
Accounting Standard 110 – Consolidated Financial Statements (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Investments in Subsidiaries 
Insolation Green Energy Private limited   
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited   
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited   
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited   
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited   
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited   
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited   
Investments in Step down Subsidiaries 
MGVI Green Infra  Private Limited   
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private Limted   
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limted   
GCPL solar Two Private Limited   
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private Limited   
MGPG Green Infra Private Limited   
VJMG Green Infra Private Limited   
MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited   
MVS Green Infra Private Limited   
JRD Green Infra Private Limited   
ENS Green Infra Private Limited   
PED Green Infra Private Limited   
MGVJ Green Infra One Private Limited   
PED Green Infra One Private Limited   
MVS Green Infra One Private Limited   
JRD Green Infra One Private Limited   
ENS Green Infra One Private Limited   
MGPG Green Infra One Private Limited   
MPNG Green Infra Private Limited   
PRJG Green Infra Private Limited   
VNPG Green Infra Private Limited   
DGEJ Green Infra Private Limited   
JEMP Green Infra Private Limited   
NEPg Green Infra Private Limited   
EVNj Green Infra Private Limited   
DMGn Green Infra Private Limited   
NSJg Green Infra Private Limited   
SRJg Green Infra Private Limited   
MPGe Green Infra Private Limited   
HVJn Green Infra Private Limited   
GRJp Green Infra Private Limited   
VJMG Green Infra One Private Limited   
DEGP Green Infra Private Limited   
EGPN Green Infra Private Limited   
MJEV Green Infra Private Limited   
100%
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
100%
80%
60%
60%
 -   
 -   
 -   
49%
49%
49%
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
100%
80%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
49%
49%
49%
49%
49%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
Portion of ownership InterestCountry of
Incorporation
 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
PHDJ Green Infra Private Limited   
NRJG Green Infra Private Limited   
GNVP Green Infra Private Limited   
MGPE Green Infra Private Limited   
PRMJ Green Infra Private Limited   
NVJG Green Infra Private Limited   
PGNJ Green Infra Private Limited   
SRGE Green Infra Private Limited   
DJRG Green Infra Private Limited
HEPJ Green Infra Private Limited
RDPJ Green Infra Private Limited   
VJPG Green Infra Private Limited   
EGJM Green Infra Private Limited   
VEMJ Green Infra Private Limited   
GNPR Green Infra Private Limited   
PJGN Green Infra Private Limited   
DVJG Green Infra Private Limited   
GDRV Green Infra Private Limited   
GNJM Green Infra Private Limited   
GVHJ Green Infra Private Limited   
HPJG Green Infra Private Limited   
PDJN Green Infra Private Limited   
EGHR Green Infra Private Limited   
JENP Green Infra Private Limited   
VJEG Green Infra Private Limited   
NGRJ Green Infra Private Limited   
MGJR Green Infra Private Limited   
EGRJ Green Infra Private Limited   
GJPN Green Infra Private Limited   
HGJP Green Infra Private Limited   
JGVR Green Infra Private Limited   
PDGN Green Infra Private Limited   
RJGM Green Infra Private Limited   
GRMJ Green Infra Private Limited   
MGNJ Green Infra Private Limited   
GRHE Green Infra Private Limited   
DJEM Green Infra Private Limited   
NRGE Green Infra Private Limited   
HVGM Green Infra Private Limited   
EGJP Green Infra Private Limited   
GNHR Green Infra Private Limited   
PEMJ Green Infra Private Limited   
VJNR Green Infra Private Limited   
JRGM Green Infra Private Limited   
MGJN Green Infra Private Limited   
JHVG Green Infra Private Limited   
PRGE Green Infra Private Limited
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India 
India
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 152 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
300299Note No. 58:- Additional Information, as required under Schedule III to the Companies
Act, 2013, of Enterprises Consolidated as Subsidiaries / Associates / Joint Ventures
st
As at 31  March, 2026 
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Share in total
comprehensive income
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Proﬁt/(Loss)
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Net Assets
Name of the enterprises
Share in other
comprehensive incomeShare in proﬁt/(loss)Net Asset (Total assets
minus total liablities)
Parent
Insolation Energy Limited 44.11% 35,660.21 -24.88% (4,992.44) 3.99% (0.64) -24.91% (4,993.08)
Indian Subsidaries 
Insolation Green Energy Private limited
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited
53.55%
-0.87%
2.60%
0.45%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
  
 43,292.59 
 (705.17)
 2,101.86 
 365.34 
 (0.29)
 (0.15)
 (0.21)
115.93%
-3.56%
10.46%
1.82%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
  
 23,258.46 
 (714.97)
 2,099.35 
 366.01 
 (0.29)
 (0.15)
 (0.21)
94.45%
1.56%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
  
 (15.12)
 (0.25)
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
115.94%
-3.57%
10.47%
1.83%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
 23,243.34 
 (715.22)
 2,099.35 
 366.01 
 (0.29)
 (0.15)
 (0.21)
Minority Interest
Insolation Green Energy Private limited
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited
0.00%
0.13%
0.05%
-0.02%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
 
 2.80 
 108.36 
 39.50 
 (18.08)
 0.16 
 0.30 
 0.26
-
0.13%
0.20%
-0.09%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
-   
 26.26 
 39.50 
 (17.84)
 (0.29)
 (0.10)
 (0.14)
-
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
-
-
0.13%
0.20%
 (0)
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
-
 26.26 
 39.50 
 (17.84)
 (0.29)
 (0.10)
 (0.14)
Total 100.00% 80,847.49 100.00% 20,063.15 100.00% (16.01) 100.00% 20,047.14
(Rs in Lakh)
st
As at 1  April, 2024 
Name of the enterprises
Parent
Insolation Energy Limited
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Net Assets
Net Asset (Total assets
minus total liablities)
47.29% 5,113.68
(Rs in Lakh)
Indian Subsidaries 
Insolation Green Energy Private limited 52.71% 5,699.80
Total 100.00% 10,813.48
Indian Subsidaries 
Insolation Green Energy Private limited
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited
32.93%
0.01%
0.00%
0.00%
  
  20,049.25 
 4.10 
 2.51 
 (0.67)
118.31%
0.08%
0.03%
0.00%
  
 14,858.75 
 9.53 
 3.89 
 -
7.19%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
  
 1.61
 -
 -   
 -
118.12%
0.08%
0.03%
0.00%
 14,860.36 
 9.53 
 3.89 
 -
Minority Interest
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Two Private Limited
0.07%
0.00%
0.00%
 
41.34 
 (0.25)
 0.05 
0.00%
-0.01%
0.00%
 (0.54)
 (0.65)
 -
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
 -   
 -   
 -
0.00%
-0.01%
0.00%
(0.54)
 (0.65)
 -
Total 100.00% 60,877.34 100.00% 12,558.81 100.00% 22.44 100.00% 12,581.25
st
As at 31  March, 2025 
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Total
Comprehensive
Income
Share in total
comprehensive income
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Other
Comprehensive
Income
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Proﬁt/(Loss)
Amount
As % of
Consolidated
Net Assets
Name of the enterprises
Share in other
comprehensive incomeShare in proﬁt/(loss)Net Asset (Total assets
minus total liablities)
Parent
Insolation Energy Limited 66.99% 40,781.00 -18.41% (2,312.18) 92.81% 20.83 -18.21% (2,291.35)
(Rs in Lakh)
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 153 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
302301
Note No. 59:- Business Combination
st
Acquisition during the year ended 31  March 2026
Pursuant to the respective business combinations, the Group obtained control over DRIPL Solar Raj 
Project Ten Private Limited and GCPL Solar Two Private Limited (collectively referred to as the 
"acquiree entities") through its subsidiary, Insolation Green Infra Private Limited, for cash 
consideration as detailed below.
On June 20, 2025 Insolation green Infra Private Limited  acquired 49% voting interests in DRIPL Solar 
Raj Project Ten Private Limited, engaged in generation and sale of electricity. The business acquisition 
was conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹ 0.49 Lakhs 
as on acquisition date.
On May 26, 2025 Insolation green Infra Private Limited  acquired 49% voting interests in GCPL solar 
Two Private Limited, engaged in generation and sale of electricity. The business acquisition was 
conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹ 0.49 Lakhs as on 
acquisition date.
Pursuant to these acquisitions, the Group obtained control over the acquiree entities and accordingly 
consolidated them as subsidiaries from their respective acquisition dates.
As at the acquisition dates, the acquiree entities primarily comprised bank balances and share capital 
and did not hold any other signiﬁcant assets or liabilities. Accordingly, the identiﬁable assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed were recognised at their respective carrying amounts/costs, and the purchase 
consideration was allocated to such identiﬁable net assets based on their cost at the acquisition 
dates.
The allocated value of the identiﬁable assets and liabilities of Subsidiaries as at the date of acquisition 
were:
(Rs in INR)
Particulars DRIPL Solar Raj Project
Ten Private Limited
GCPL Solar Two
Private Limited
Non Current Assets    
Current Assets    
 Total Assets (A)   
Non Current Liabilities    
Current Liabilities    
 Total Liabilities (B)   
Total Net Assets (A-B)
 -    
 0.88  
  0.88 
 -    
 0.07  
  0.07 
 0.81
 -    
 0.88  
  0.88 
- 
 0.09  
  0.09 
 0.79
st
Acquisition during the year ended 31  March 2025
Pursuant to the respective business combinations  the group has obtained control over the GDIPL 
Solar Raj Project One Private Limted, GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limted and MGVI Green 
Infra  Private Limited (collectively referred to as the "acquiree entities") through its subsidiary, 
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited, for cash consideration as detailed below.
On Feb 18, 2025 Insolation green Infra Private Limited  acquired 49% voting interests in GDIPL Solar 
Raj Project One Private Limited, engaged in generation and sale of electricity. The business 
acquisition was conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹ 
0.49 Lakhs as on acquisition date.
On Feb 18, 2025 Insolation green Infra Private Limited  acquired 49% voting interests in GDIPL Solar 
Raj Project Two Private Limited, engaged in generation and sale of electricity. The business 
acquisition was conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹ 
0.49 Lakhs as on acquisition date.
On Oct 29, 2024 Insolation green Infra Private Limited  acquired 49% voting interests in MGVI Green 
Infra  Private Limited, engaged in generation and sale of electricity. The business acquisition was 
conducted by entering into a share purchase agreement for a total consideration of ₹ 0.49 Lakhs as on 
acquisition date.
Pursuant to these acquisitions, the Group obtained control over the acquiree entities and accordingly 
consolidated them as subsidiaries from their respective acquisition dates.
As at the acquisition dates, the acquiree entities primarily comprised bank balances and share capital 
and did not hold any other signiﬁcant assets or liabilities. Accordingly, the identiﬁable assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed were recognised at their respective carrying amounts/costs, and the purchase 
consideration was allocated to such identiﬁable net assets based on their cost at the acquisition 
dates.
The allocated value of the identiﬁable assets and liabilities of Subsidiaries as at the date of acquisition 
were:
(Rs in INR)
Particulars GDIPL Solar Raj Project
Two Private Limted
MGVI Green Infra
Private Limited
Non Current Assets    
Current Assets    
 Total Assets (A)   
Non Current Liabilities    
Current Liabilities    
 Total Liabilities (B)   
Total Net Assets (A-B)
 0.39  
 0.68  
  1.07 
 -    
 0.07  
  0.07 
 1.00
 1.17  
 0.11  
  1.28 
 -    
 0.28  
  0.28 
 1.00
GDIPL Solar Raj Project
One Private Limted
 0.19  
 10.88  
  11.07
 10.00  
 0.07  
  10.07 
 1.00
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343LKLRJG3681
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 154 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
To the Members of Insolation Energy Limited
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements of INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED 
(“the Company”), which comprise the Balance 
st
Sheet as at 31  March, 2026, the Statement of 
Proﬁt & Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity 
and the Statement of Cash Flow for the year 
then ended, and notes to the Standalone 
Financial Statements including a summary of 
the signiﬁcant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to 
as “ the standalone ﬁnancial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, 
the aforesaid standalone ﬁnancial  statements 
give the information required by the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘ the Act’) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the Indian accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
March 31, 2026, its proﬁt (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), its changes in equity 
and its cash ﬂows for the year ended on that 
date.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
standards on auditing (“SA”s) speciﬁed under 
section 143 (10) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the auditor’s responsibilities 
for the audit of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance 
with the code of ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements under the provisions of the Act and 
the rules thereunder, and we have fulﬁlled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the (‘ICAI’) code of 
ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufﬁcient and appropriate to provide 
a basis  for our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our 
p ro fe s s i o n a l  j u d g m e n t ,  we re  o f  m o s t 
signiﬁcance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have not 
observed some audit matters which falls under 
this.
Information other than the Standalone 
Financial Statements and auditors’ report 
thereon
The Company ’s Board of Directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the other 
information. The other information comprises 
the information including in the annexure of the 
Annual Report but does not include, Standalone 
Financial Statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial 
S t a te m e n t s  d o e s  n o t  cove r  t h e  o t h e r 
information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements, our responsibility is to 
read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone 
Financial Statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information; we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT this regard.
Responsibilities of Management for the 
Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to 
the preparation and presentation of these 
Standalone Financial Statements that give a 
true and fair view of the ﬁnancial position, 
ﬁnancial performance including other 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and 
cash ﬂows of the Company in accordance with 
the accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, including the Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) speciﬁed under Section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards)  Rule, 2015 as amended. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal ﬁnancial  controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the  Standalone Financial  Statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial 
Statements, management is responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going 
c o n c e r n  b a s i s  o f  a c c o u n t i n g  u n l e s s 
management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The board of directors are also responsible for 
overseeing the Company’s ﬁnancial reporting 
process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the Standalone 
Financial Statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis 
of these Standalone Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we 
exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
Ÿ Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufﬁcient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
f o r g e r y ,  i n t e n t i o n a l  o m i s s i o n s , 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
Ÿ Obtain an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal ﬁnancial 
controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
Ÿ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
Ÿ Conclude on the appropriateness of 
management’s use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material 
303 304
===== PAGE 155 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
g. As required by section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the remuneration 
paid by the Company to its directors during 
the year is in accordance with the provisions 
of section 197 of the Act;
h. With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor ’s Report in 
accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the 
explanations given to us;
i. The Company does not have any pending 
litigations which would impact its 
ﬁnancial position and to disclose in its 
Standalone Financial Statements.
ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts 
for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses; and
iii. There were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
iv. (a) The management has represented 
that, to the best of it’s knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the notes 
to the accounts, no funds have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by 
the company to or in any other person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
( “ I n t e r m e d i a r i e s ” ) ,  w i t h  t h e 
understanding, whether recorded in 
w r i t i n g  o r  o t h e r w i s e ,  t h a t  t h e 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identiﬁed in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (“Ultimate Beneﬁciaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
 (b) The management has represented, that, 
to the best of it’s knowledge and belief, 
other than as disclosed in the notes to the 
accounts, no funds have been received by 
the company from any person(s) or 
entity(ies), including foreign entities 
( “ F u n d i n g  P a r t i e s ” ) ,  w i t h  t h e 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries;
(c) Based on such audit procedures which 
we have considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has 
c a u s e d  u s  t o  b e l i e v e  t h a t  t h e 
representations under sub-clause (a) and 
(b) contain any material mis-statement.
v. The ﬁnal dividend for the previous year, 
declared and paid by the Company 
during the year is in accordance with 
section 123 of the Companies Act, 2013.
vi. The company has used such accounting 
software for maintaining its books of 
account which has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has been operated throughout the year 
for all transactions recorded in the 
software and the audit trail feature has 
not been tampered with and the audit 
trail has been preserved by the company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention. 
305 306
uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
Ÿ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure 
and content of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the standalone ﬁnancial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with 
governance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any 
signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control that 
we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance 
with a statement that we have complied with 
relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those 
charged with governance, we determine those 
matters that were of most signiﬁcance in the 
audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements of 
the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our 
auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest beneﬁts of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory 
requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by 
the Central Government of India in terms of 
sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we give in the Annexure 
“A”, a statement on the matters speciﬁed in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we 
report, to the extent applicable that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to the 
best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit;
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law have been kept by the 
Company so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books;
c. The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Proﬁt 
& Loss including other comprehensive 
income, the Statement of Changes in 
Equity and the Statement of Cash Flow 
dealt with by this report are in agreement 
with the books of account;
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone 
ﬁnancial statements comply with the 
Indian accounting standards speciﬁed 
under section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended;
e. On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors as on March 31, 
2026 taken on record by the board of 
direc tors, n on e of th e direc tors is 
disqualiﬁed as on March 31, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act;
f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting of 
t h e  C o m p a n y  a n d  t h e  o p e r a t i n g 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in “Annexure B”. Our report 
expresses an unmodiﬁed opinion on the 
adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal ﬁnancial controls 
over ﬁnancial reporting;
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 156 =====
Annexure Referred to our report of even date of M/S
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED.
(i)(a) (A) The Company is maintaining proper 
records showing full particulars 
including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and 
Equipment and relevant details of 
right-of-use assets.
   (B) There is no intangible assets in the   
company.
 (b) The Property, Plant and Equipment are 
physically veriﬁed by the Management 
during the year which is, in our opinion, is 
reasonable having regard to the size of the 
Company and the nature of its assets and 
no material discrepancies have been 
noticed on such veriﬁcation.
 (c) The title deeds of all the immovable 
properties (other than properties where 
the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favor of 
the lessee), are held in the name of the 
company.      
 (d) The Company has not revalued its 
Property, Plant and Equipment (including 
Right-of-use assets) or intangible assets 
during the year. Accordingly, the 
reporting under Clause 3(i)(d) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
 (e)  According to information and explanation 
given to us and on the basis of our 
examination of the records of Company, 
no proceedings have been initiated or are 
pending against the company for holding 
any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 
1988) and rules made thereunder;
(ii) (a) It was informed to us that major part to 
inventory has been physically veriﬁed at 
regular interval by the management. In 
our opinion, the frequency of veriﬁcation 
is reasonable. It was informed to us that no 
material discrepancies have been noticed 
on physical veriﬁcation.
 (b) The company has been sanctioned 
working capital limits in excess of ﬁve 
crore rupees, in aggregate from banks on 
the basis of security of current and ﬁxed 
assets and the quarterly returns or 
statement ﬁled by company with such 
bank are in agreement with books of 
accounts.   
(iii) During the year the Company has made   
investments and granted unsecured loan and 
provided guarantee: -
 (a) The Company has during the year made 
investments and granted unsecured loan 
and stood guarantee. Details are as under:
   1. During the year, the company has made  
following investments. 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
ANNEXURE-A
307 308
advances in the nature of loans and 
guarantees provided are not prejudicial to 
the company interest. 
 (c) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
in respect of loans and advances in the 
nature of loans, there is no stipulated 
schedule of repayment of principal and 
payment of interest on loans granted by 
the company. 
 (d) In the absence of stipulation of repayment 
/payment terms, we are unable to 
comment on the recovery of the principal 
and interest. However, in our opinion and 
according to the information and 
explanations given to us, and on basis of 
our examination of the records of the 
company, there is no overdue amount for 
more than ninety days in respect of loans 
and advances in the nature of loans for 
which repayment demanded by the 
company.
 (e) It was informed to us, there is no loans and 
advance granted which has fallen due 
during the year neither loans and 
advances in the nature of loan have been 
renewed or extended nor any fresh loan 
have been granted to settle the overdue of 
existing loans.
 (f) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has granted loans or 
advances in the nature of loans to 
Promoters/Related Parties (as deﬁned in 
section 2(76) of the Act) without specifying 
any terms or period of repayment.
Investments Aggregate
amount during
the year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Balance
Outstanding at
Year End
(Rs in Lakhs)
Wholly owned
subsidiary 31075.47 38500.03
Other
Subsidiaries 1.80 163.00
   2. During the year, the company has 
provided following loans and advances in 
the nature of loans. The details are as 
follows:
Loans &
Advances in
the nature of
loan
Aggregate
Loan Amount
During the Year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Balance
Outstanding at
Year End
(Rs in Lakhs)
Wholly owned
subsidiary 233.05 1589.32
Step Down
Subsidiary 4.20 4.20
   3. The company has provided Corporate 
Guarantee to Banks & Financial Institution 
for credit facilities granted to its wholly 
owned subsidiary amounting to Rs. 
1577.72 Lakhs.
 (b) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
the investments made, guarantees 
provided, security given and the terms 
and conditions of the grant of all loans and 
Particulars Amount
(Rs in Lakhs)
Aggregate amount of loans/
advances in nature of loans: Rs. 1593.52
Without specify any terms or period
of repayment (Wholly Owned Subsidiary) Rs. 1589.32
Without specify any terms or period of
repayment (Other Subsidiaries) Rs. 4.20
Percentage of loans/advances in
nature of loan to the total loans 100%
(iv) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has complied with the 
provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Act, 
with respect to the loans and investments 
made and guarantees provided.
(v)  In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has not accepted any 
deposits or amounts which are deemed to 
be deposits from the public during the year 
in terms of directives issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India or the provisions of Sections 73 
to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the 
Act and the rules framed there under. 
Accordingly, paragraph 3 (v) of the order is 
not applicable.
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the cost records 
maintained by the Company pursuant to 
the Companies (Cost Records & Audit) 
Amendment Rules, 2015 prescribed by the 
Central Government under Section 148 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and are of the 
opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed 
cost records have been maintained. 
However, we have not made a detailed 
examination of the cost records with a view 
to determining whether they are accurate 
or complete.
(vii) (a) According to the information and   
explanations given to us and the records 
of the Company examined by us, in our 
opinion, the Company is generally 
regular in depositing undisputed 
statutory dues including Goods and 
service tax, Provident fund, Employees 
state insurance, income-tax, duty of 
customs, duty of excise, cess and any 
other statutory dues to appropriate 
authorities applicable to it.
  (b) According to information & explanation 
given to us and the records of the 
company examined by us, no statutory 
dues referred in sub clause (a) as on 
31.03.2026, which have not been 
deposited on account of dispute.  
(viii) According to the information  explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our 
examination of the records of the Company, 
we conﬁrm that we have not come across 
any transactions not recorded in the books 
of account which have been surrendered or 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 157 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
extent of our audit procedures.
(xv) According to information and explanations 
given to us and based on our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company 
has not entered into non-cash transactions 
with directors or persons connected with 
him. 
(xvi) (a) In our opinion, the company is not 
required to be registered under section 
45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. Accordingly, paragrapgh3(xvi) of 
the order is not applicable to the 
company.
  (b) The company has not conducted any 
Non-Banking Financial or Housing 
Finance activities without obtaining a 
valid CoR from the Reserve Bank of India 
as per the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934.
  (c) The Company is not a Core Investment 
Company (CIC) as deﬁned in the 
regulations made by Reserve Bank of 
India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi) (c) of the 
Order is not applicable.
  (d) According to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Group does 
not have any Core Investment Company 
(CIC) as part of the Group hence the 
reporting under paragraph 3(xvi) (d) of 
the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred any cash 
losses in ﬁnancial Year and in immediately 
preceding ﬁnancial Year. 
(xviii) There has been no resignation by the 
auditor during the year and hence 
reporting under paragraph 3(xviii) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company. 
(xix) According to the information and 
explanations given to us and on the basis of 
the ﬁnancial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of ﬁnancial assets and 
payment of ﬁnancial liabilities, other 
information accompanying the ﬁnancial 
statements, our knowledge of the Board of 
Directors and management plans and 
based on our examination of the evidence 
supporting the assumptions, nothing has 
come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists 
as on the date of the audit report that 
company is not capable of meeting its 
liabilities existing at the date of balance 
sheet as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet 
date. We, however, state that this is not an 
assurance as to the future viability of the 
company. We further state that our 
reporting is based on the facts up to the 
date of the audit report and we neither 
give any guarantee nor any assurance that 
all liabilities falling due within a period of 
one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the company as and 
when they fall due.
(xx)(a) According to the information and 
explanations given to us and based on 
our audit procedures, there is no 
unspent expenditure in respect of CSR 
Activity u/s 135 of Companies Act, 2013.
  (b) According to the information and 
explanation provided, there is no 
unspent amount to be transfer to 
special account in compliance with the 
provision of sub section (6) of section 135 
of Companies Act, 2013.
(xxi) The reporting under Clause 3(xxi) of the 
Order is not applicable in respect of audit    
of standalone ﬁnancial statements. 
Accordingly, no comment in respect of the 
said clause has been included in this report.
309 310
disclosed as income during the year in the 
tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 
1961.
(ix) (a) According to the records of the company 
examined by us and information and 
explanations given to us, the company 
has not defaulted in repayment of loans 
or other borrowings or in the payment of 
interest thereon to lender during the 
year. 
  (b) The company is not declared willful 
defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial 
institution or other lender;
  (c) According to information & explanation 
given to us the term loans were applied 
for the purpose for which the loans were 
obtained;
  (d) According to information & explanation 
given to us and over all examination of 
t h e  ﬁ n a n c i a l  s t a te m e n t s  o f  t h e 
company, the funds raised by the 
company on short term basis have not 
been utilized for long term purposes.
  (e) The company has not taken any funds 
from any entity or person on account of 
or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries, associates and joint 
venture.
  (f) According to information & explanation 
given to us the company has not raised 
loans during the year on the pledge of 
securities held in its subsidiaries, 
associates and joint venture.
(x)  (a) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to 
us, the companies except Share Based 
Payment has not been raised money by 
way of initial public offer or further public 
offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year and were applied for the 
purposes for which they were obtained.
  (b) During the year company has not made 
any preferential allotment or private 
placement of shares or (fully, partially or 
optionally) convertible debentures 
during the year. Accordingly, reporting 
under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(xi) (a) During the course of our examination of 
the books and records of the Company, 
carried out in accordance with the 
generally accepted auditing practices in 
India, and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, we have 
neither come across any instance of 
material fraud by the Company or on the 
Company, noticed or reported during 
the year, nor have we been informed of 
any such case by the Management. 
  (b) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to 
us, no report under sub-section (12) of 
section 143 of the Act has been ﬁled by 
the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central 
Government.
  (c) As represented by the management and 
according to the information and 
explanations given to us, there are no 
whistle-blower complaints during the 
year 
(xii) (a) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to 
us, the company is not a nidhi company. 
Therefore, paragraph not applicable.
  (b) Not applicable.
  (c) Not applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
and on basis of examination of records of the 
company transactions with related parties 
are in compliance with section 177 & 188 of 
the companies act where applicable and 
details of such transaction have been 
disclosed in ﬁnancial statements, etc., as 
required by the applicable accounting 
standard.
(xiv) (a) In our opinion and based on our 
examination, the company has an 
internal audit system commensurate 
with the size and nature of its business. 
  (b) We have considered, the internal audit 
reports for the year under audit, issued to 
the Company during the year, in 
determining the nature, timing and 
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 158 =====
Annexure Referred to our report of even date of M/S
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED.
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls 
over ﬁnancial reporting of Insolation Energy 
Limited (‘the Company’) as of 31 March, 2026 in 
conjunction with our audit of the standalone 
ﬁnancial statements of the Company for the 
year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
ﬁnancial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible    
for establishing and maintaining internal 
ﬁnancial controls based on the internal control 
over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established      
by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal ﬁnancial 
Controls Over ﬁnancial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial  controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efﬁcient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to 
the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable ﬁnancial  information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’s internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal ﬁnancial 
Controls Over ﬁnancial Reporting (the 
‘Guidance Note’) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
internal ﬁnancial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal ﬁnancial Controls and, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporting were established and 
maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to 
obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of 
the internal ﬁnancial controls system over 
ﬁnancial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal  
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, 
including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufﬁcient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial 
reporting.
Meaning of Internal ﬁnancial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company’s internal ﬁnancial control over 
ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the 
preparation of standalone ﬁnancial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal ﬁnancial  control over 
(Annual Report 2025-26)
ANNEXURE-B
311 312
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur 
and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal ﬁnancial controls 
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial 
reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal ﬁnancial  
controls system over ﬁnancial  reporting and 
such internal ﬁnancial  controls over ﬁnancial  
reporting were operating effectively as at 31st 
March 2026, based on the internal control      
over ﬁnancial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal ﬁnancial  
Controls Over ﬁnancial  Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
ﬁnancial  reporting include those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and 
fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of 
the assets of the Company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of  
standalone ﬁnancial  statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the 
Company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of the Management and 
directors of the Company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, 
use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the  standalone 
ﬁnancial  statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporting, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section
3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)
For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 006395C
(AMAN SHARMA)
Partner
M No.- 462343
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
th
Date: 25  May 2026 
Place: Jaipur 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 159 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements(Annual Report 2025-26)
313 314
ST
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31  MARCH 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property plant & equipment 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 
(c) PPE - Right of use Asset 
(d) Investment Property 
(e) Intangible Assets 
(f) Intangible assets under development 
(g) Financial Assets 
(i) Investments 
(ii) Loans  
(iii) Other ﬁnancial assets 
(h) Other non-current assets
I
(1)
 877.89 
 20.21 
 583.12 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 7,913.48 
 1,356.27 
 80.64 
 84.91 
  670.14 
 42.50 
 560.36 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 743.60 
 2,113.46 
 104.00 
 211.41
Total Non-current Assets 10,916.52 4,445.47
Current assets  
(a) Inventories 
(b)  Financial Assets 
 (I) Investments 
 (ii) Trade receivables 
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 
 (v) Loans 
 (vi) Others  ﬁnancial assets 
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net) 
(d) Other Current Assets
(2)  
2,245.78 
 -   
 3,211.61 
 64.93 
 31,132.83 
 -   
 476.80 
 -   
 600.72 
 1,520.53 
 -   
 1,463.40 
 1,752.50 
 629.77 
 -   
 6.46 
 184.38 
 234.59
Total Current Assets 37,732.67 5,791.63
Total Assets 48,649.19 10,237.10
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  
 
Equity  
(a) Equity Share capital  
(b) Other Equity
II
 2,203.43 
 41,364.97
 2,083.20 
 3,030.48
Total Equity 44,185.98 5,113.68
Liabilities  
  
Non-current liabilities  
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(i) Borrowings 
(ia) Lease Liabilities 
(ii) Other Financial Liabilities 
(b) Provisions 
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other non-current liabilities
(1)
 -   
 542.30 
 15.11 
 16.19 
 30.36 
 -
 644.11 
 478.40 
 -   
 39.84 
 17.96 
 -
Total Non-current Liabilities 4,202.67 1,180.31
Current liabilities  
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(i) Borrowings 
(ia) Lease Liabilities 
(ii) Trade Payables 
- Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
(2)
Note
No.
4
5
6
7
8A
9A
10A
11
12
13
13A
8B
9B
14
10B
15 
16
17A
18A
19A
20A
21
17B
18B
22
 2,422.01 
 79.92 
 286.09 
  2,786.65 
 81.96 
 497.94
As at
st
31  March 2026
 3,384.81 
 75.14 
 545.55 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 38,737.02 
 1,589.32 
 283.44 
 8.21
44,623.48
 1,504.58 
 -   
 4,885.05 
 192.41 
 6.38 
 4.20 
 43.43 
 76.74 
 3,068.21
9,781.00
54,404.49
 2,203.95 
 41,982.04
44,185.98
 3,425.07 
 533.30 
 7.16 
 16.68 
 220.46 
 -
4,202.67
 1,761.31 
 60.57 
 50.44 
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
& small enterprises
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities  
(b) Provisions 
(c) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other current liabilities
1,179.45
 14.80 
 47.31 
 51.09 
 396.14
342.34  
 11.84 
 84.47 
 -   
 137.91
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES INFORMATION
ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Total current Liabilities 4,476.83 3,943.11
19B
20B
14
23
1 - 3
4 - 58
Total Equity and Liabilities 48,649.19 10,237.10
3,833.66 
1.33 
 54.61 
 -   
 253.93 
6,015.84
54,404.49
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
===== PAGE 160 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
315 316
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR
ST
ENDED 31  MARCH 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
No.
Revenue from operations
Other income
I
II
24
25
 11,302.35 
 962.83
 9,802.52 
 757.73
Year ended
st
31  March 2026
st
31  March 2025
Total Income (I + II) 10,560.24 12,265.19 III
Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, work-in-progress & stock-in-trade
Employee beneﬁts expense
Finance costs
Depreciation and amortization expense
Other expenses
IV
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
 9,131.58 
 613.76 
 28.37 
 466.43 
 253.97 
 211.50 
 891.94
 7,578.21 
 1,087.24 
 (555.30)
 429.33 
 258.19 
 319.39 
 507.93
Total Expenses 9,625.01 11,597.55
Proﬁt before exceptional item and tax (III-IV) 935.23 667.63V
Exceptional Item - -VI
Proﬁt before tax (V-VI) 935.23 667.63VII
Tax expense:
(1) Current tax relating to 
(a) Current Year
(2) Deferred Tax
VIII
 175.82 
 16.59 
 26.59 
 190.31
Proﬁt for the year ( VII-VIII) 718.33 475.22IX
Other Comprehensive Income:
A. Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss 
- Remeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan
Less: Income tax on above 
B. Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
X
 16.64 
 4.19
(0.85)
 0.21
Total other comprehensive income (0.64) 20.83
33
Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X) 717.69 496.05XI
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Equity shares of par value Rs 10/- each
(1) Basic (In ₹)
(2) Diluted (In ₹)
XII
 0.22 
 0.22
 0.33 
 0.3336
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES INFORMATION
ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1 - 3
4 - 58
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED
ST
ON 31  MARCH 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
A
B
Previous Year 2024-25
Details Amount
Previous Year 2025-26
Details Amount
14 
21
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  
  
 Net Proﬁt before Tax as Per Statement of Proﬁt & 
Loss   
  
 Adjusted for :-   
 Adjustment For Club Membership Fees   
 Adjustment For Deferred revenue expenses   
 Adjustment For Preliminary Expenses   
 Adjustment For QIP Expenses   
 Employee Compensation Expense   
 Interest Income   
 Fair Value (Gain)/Loss on Non - Current Investments   
 Interest Income on Security Deposit   
 Rent Expense- unwinding of prepaid rent   
 Gain On Security Deposit Received   
 (Gain)/Loss on sale of Investment   
 (Proﬁt)/Loss on termination of lease   
 (Proﬁt)/Loss on sale of Property Plant and Equipment   
 Dividend Received   
 Finance Cost   
 Finance Charges on lease   
 Depreciation and amortization    
 Acturial gains on Gratuity    
 Operating Proﬁt before Working Capital Changes   
  
 Adjustment for changes in:-   
  
 Other Non-current  Financial Assets   
 Other Non Current Assets   
 Inventory   
 Trade Receivable   
 Other Current Financial Assets   
 Other Current Assets   
 Other Non-current  Financial Liability   
 Provisions   
 Gratuity Provision   
 Trade Paybles   
 Other Current Financial Liabilities   
 Other Non Current Liabilities   
 Other Current Liabilities   
 Current tax liabilities   
 Current tax assets    
  
 Cash Generated From Operations    
 Taxes Paid    
 Net Cash From / (Used in) Operating Activities - (A)
 CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES   
 Loans and advances given   
 Purchase of Property, Plant & Equipment   
 Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment
 Interest Income   
 Dividend Received
 667.63 
 (10.00)
 (173.50)
 (10.83)
 (43.15)
 -   
 (876.05)
 (34.90)
 (0.10)
 0.20 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (1.82)
 -   
 184.61 
 55.86 
 211.50 
 16.64 
 (13.91)
 6.54 
 131.94 
 (725.25)
 (1,748.21)
 (470.34)
 (365.91)
 15.11 
 (1.27)
 (59.54)
 625.27 
 2.96 
 -   
 258.23 
 51.09 
 184.38 
 (2,108.91)
 175.82 
 757.19 
 (334.50)
 13.67 
 876.05 
 -
 (2,284.72)
 935.23 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (11.68)
 129.96 
 (700.53)
 (48.70)
 (0.10)
 0.28 
 (0.01)
 (42.95)
 (0.86)
 -   
 (0.06)
 129.02 
 31.20 
 319.39 
 (0.85)
 739.35 
 1.75 
 76.39 
 741.20 
 (1,673.44)
 433.36 
 (2,467.58)
 (7.95)
 13.73 
 (5.95)
 2,418.55 
 (13.47)
 -   
 (142.20)
 (51.09)
 (76.74)
 (14.08)
 26.59 
 (237.25)
 (2,842.62)
 14.88 
 700.53 
 0.06
 (40.67)
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 161 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
317 318
 Security Deposit Paid   
 Investment in FD   
 Purchase of Investment   
 Net Cash From / (Used in) Investing Activities - (B)   
  
 CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES   
 
 Loans Raised / (Paid)   
 Proceeds from issue of Shares   
 Security Premium   
 Interest paid on Loans   
 Dividend Paid   
 Repayment of Short term Borrowings   
 Payment of lease liabilities    
 Net Cash From / (Used in ) Financing Activities - (C)    
  
 Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash 
Equivalent - (A+B+C)   
Cash and Cash Equivalent at the beginning of the 
year   
  
 Cash and Cash Equivalent at the end of the year
C
 (6.25)
 (30,485.76)
 (7,134.98)
 (1,008.75)
 120.23 
  38,075.92
 (184.61)
 -   
 -   
 (91.06)
 (36,314.57)
 36,911.73 
 (1,687.57)
 1,752.50 
 64.93
 1.92 
 30,921.94 
 (30,731.89)
 3,425.07 
 0.52 
 1.44 
 (129.02)
 (220.34)
 (660.70)
 (76.37)
 (2,172.44)
 2,340.60
 127.47
 
64.93
 192.41
Notes to the cash ﬂow statement:         
1. Cash ﬂow Statements has been prepared adopting the Indirect method as prescribed under 
para 18 of Indian Accounting Standard-7 (Ind AS- 7) on "Statement of Cash Flows".
2. Cash & Cash Equivalents included in the cash ﬂow statement comprise the following balance 
sheet amounts:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars As on 31.03.2026 As on 31.03.2025
Cash on Hand
Balance with  Banks in Current A/c 
Balance with  Banks in Fixed Deposit Account 
Total Cash and Cash Equivalent 
 19.87 
 97.69 
 74.85 
 192.41
 21.37 
 43.56 
 -   
 64.93
Disclosure As Per Ind AS 7: Statement of Changes in Cash Flows     
Reconciliation between the opening and closing balances in the Balance Sheet for liabilities 
arising from ﬁnancing activities:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financing Activities 
Lease liabilities 
Current Borrowings 
Non- Current Borrowings
Fair Value
adjustment
Non Cash Changes  
Additions/
Modiﬁcation Other
As at
01.04.2025
Cash Flow
(net)
As at
31.03.2026
 
623.96 
 2,422.01 
 622.23
 
-76.37 
 -660.70 
 3,425.07
 
-
-
-
 
(2.82)
 -   
 -
 
49.09
 -   
 -   
 
593.87 
 1,761.31 
 4,047.30
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financing Activities 
Lease liabilities 
Current Borrowings 
Non- Current Borrowings 
Fair Value
adjustment
Non Cash Changes  
Additions Other
As at
01.04.2024
Cash Flow
(net)
As at
31.03.2025
 
560.36 
 2,786.65 
 644.11
 
-91.06 
 -364.64 
 -644.11
 
 -   
 -   
 
92.95 
 -   
 -
 
 59.98
 -   
 -   
 
622.23 
 2,422.01 
 -
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 162 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
319 320
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR
ST
ENDED ON 31  MARCH 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Equity share of ₹ 1 (Previous Year ₹1 each) issued,
subscribed and fully paid  
Balance as at the beginning of the year  
Issue of share capital during the year
 A. Equity Share Capital
 2,083.20 
 120.23
st
As at 31  March 2025
(₹ in INR)
 20,83,20,000 
 1,20,23,000 
No. of shares
 2,203.43
 0.52
st
As at 31  March 2026
(₹ in INR)
 22,03,43,000 
 51,625
No. of shares
Balance as at the end of the year 22,03,94,625 2,203.95 22,03,43,000 2,203.43
B. Other Equity    
st
  For the year ended 31  March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Restated balance at the beginning of the current
reporting period 1st April 2025  
Dividend Paid  
Additions During the Year  
Proﬁt for the period  
Other Comprehensive Income   
Adjustment for Prior period items  
 1,967.61
 (220.34)
 129.96
 718.33 
 (0.64)
 (11.68)
 1,868.28 
 (220.34)
 -   
 718.33 
 (0.64)
 (11.68)
 99.33
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
-
   
 -   
 129.96 
 -   
 -   
 -
Reserves and surplus
Particulars Retained
earnings
Securities
Premium
Share Based
Payment Reserve
Total
Total comprehensive income for the year 485.66 - 615.62
Balance as at March 31, 2026
129.96
 2,353.94 99.33 2,583.24129.96
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone ﬁnancial statements
st
  For the year ended 31  March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Restated balance at the beginning of the current
reporting period 1st April 2024  
Proﬁt for the period  
Additions During the Year  
Utilisation During The Year  
Other Comprehensive Income   
Adjustment for ﬁrst time adoption of IND AS
 3,032.49 
 
475.22 
 -   
 (1,323.45)
 20.83 
 (237.48)
 1,609.71
 
 475.22 
 -   
 -   
 20.83 
 (237.48)
 1,422.78 
 
-   
 -   
 (1,323.45)
 -   
 - 
 - 
  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
Reserves and surplus
Particulars Retained
earnings
Securities
Premium
Share Based
Payment Reserve
Total
Total comprehensive income for the year 258.57 (1,323.45) (1,064.88)
Balance as at March 31, 2025
-
1,868.28 99.33 1,967.61-
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
NON CURRENT ASSETS 
Note No. 4:- Property Plant and Equipment
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2025 Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
1  April
2025
On disposals
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Tangible assets
(a) Land
- Leasehold 
- Free Hold 
(b) Building
- Own Asset
(c) Leasehold Improvements
(d) Plant & Machinery
(e) Furniture & ﬁxtures
(f) Vehicles
- Truck (Pick Up)
- Others
(g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
(h) Computer
(i) Solar Panel
(j) Miscellaneous Fixed Assets
(k) Mobile
 -   
 15.47 
 -   
 301.26 
 -   
 490.37 
 12.39 
 -   
 -   
 37.59 
 23.45 
 5.11 
 24.03 
 90.47 
 1.89
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 2,798.08 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1.57 
 1.05 
 -   
 11.66 
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 30.45 
 -
 -   
 15.47 
 -   
 301.26 
 -   
 3,288.45 
 12.39 
 -   
 -   
 37.59 
 25.01 
 6.16 
 24.03 
 71.68 
 1.89
 -   
 -   
 -   
 27.03 
 -   
 60.79 
 3.20 
 -   
 -   
 7.24 
 4.80 
 2.14 
 4.35 
 13.76 
 0.85
 -   
 -   
 -   
 26.06 
 -   
 228.41 
 2.38 
 -   
 -   
 9.35 
 4.90 
 0.89 
 3.56 
 14.58 
 0.43
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 15.57 
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 53.09 
 -   
 289.20 
 5.58 
 -   
 -   
 16.58 
 9.70 
 3.03 
 7.91 
 12.77 
 1.28
 -   
 15.47 
 -   
 248.17 
 -   
 2,999.26 
 6.81 
 -   
 -   
 21.01 
 15.32 
 3.14 
 16.12 
 58.91 
 0.61
 -   
 15.47 
 -   
 274.24 
 -   
 429.58 
 9.19 
 -   
 -   
 30.36 
 18.65 
 2.97 
 19.68 
 76.72 
 1.05
Total (a) 1,002.03 2,812.36 30.45 3,783.94 124.14 290.56 15.57 399.13 3,384.81 877.89
st
As at 31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
st
As at 31  March 2025
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024
(Cost/deemed cost)
Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
1  April
2024
On disposals
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
31  March
2024
Tangible assets
(a) Land
- Leasehold 
- Free Hold 
 -   
 -
 -   
 15.47
 -   
 -
 -   
 15.47
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -
 -   
 -  
 -   
 15.47
 -   
 -   
(Rs in Lakh)
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 163 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
322321
Total (a) 670.14 364.22 32.33 1,002.03 - 142.80 18.66 124.14 877.89 670.14
(b) Building
- Own Asset
(c) Leasehold Improvements
(d) Plant & Machinery
(e) Furniture & ﬁxtures(f) 
Vehicles
- Truck (Pick Up)
- Others
(g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
(h) Computer
(i) Solar Panel
(j) Miscellaneous Fixed Assets
(k) Mobile
 -   
 232.00 
 -   
 249.15 
 11.55
 -   
 -   
 46.73 
 2.62 
 4.68 
 24.03 
 97.47 
 1.89
 -   
 69.26 
 -   
 257.00 
 0.84
 -   
 -   
 -   
 20.83 
 0.50 
 -   
 0.34 
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 15.78 
 - 
-   
 -   
 9.13 
 -   
 0.07 
 -   
 7.34 
 -
 -   
 301.26 
 -   
 490.37 
 12.39
 -   
 -   
 37.59 
 23.45 
 5.11 
 24.03 
 90.47 
 1.89
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
 -   
 27.03 
 -   
 68.77 
 3.20
 -   
 -   
 14.20 
 4.80 
 2.21 
 4.35 
 17.41 
 0.85
 -   
 -   
 -   
 7.98 
 - 
-   
 -   
 6.96 
 -   
 0.07 
 -   
 3.65 
 -
 -   
 27.03 
 60.79 
 3.20
 -   
 -   
 7.24 
 4.80 
 2.14 
 4.35 
 13.76 
 0.85
-   
 274.24 
 429.58 
 9.19 
-   
 -   
 30.36 
 18.65 
 2.97 
 19.68 
 76.72 
 1.05
 -   
 232.00 
 249.15 
 11.55
 -   
 -   
 46.73 
 2.62 
 4.68 
 24.03 
 97.47 
 1.89
* Title Deeds of all Immovable properties (PPE) are held in the name of Company.
* The Company has availed the deemed cost exemption as per IND AS 101 in relation to property, plant and equipment as on the date of 
transition i.e. 1 April 2024 and hence the net block carrying amount under previous GAAP has been considered as the gross block
* carrying amount on that date. Refer note below for the gross block value and the accumulated depreciation on 1 April 2024.
Particulars
Gross Block
st
as at 1  April
2024
Accumulated
depreciation as
st
at 1  April 2024
Deemed cost
st
as at 1  April
2024
Tangible assets
(a) Land
- Leasehold 
- Free Hold 
(b) Building
- Own Asset
(c) Leasehold Improvements
(d) Plant & Machinery
(e) Furniture & ﬁxtures
(f) Vehicles
- Truck (Pick Up)
- Others
(g) Ofﬁce Equipment 
(h) Computer
(i) Solar Panel
(j) Miscellaneous Fixed Assets
(k) Mobile
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 408.91 
 -   
 669.38 
 49.02 
 -   
 -   
 152.14 
 10.36 
 37.66 
 75.92 
 282.82 
 6.65
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 176.91 
 -   
 420.22 
 37.47 
 -   
 -   
 105.42 
 7.74 
 32.98 
 51.89 
 185.35 
 4.76
 -   
 -   
 -   
 232.00 
 -   
 249.15 
 11.55 
 -   
 -   
 46.73 
 2.62 
 4.68 
 24.03 
 97.47 
 1.89
Total 1,692.87 1,022.74 670.14
st
As at 1  April 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Note No. 5:- Capital Work In Progress
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
st
As at 31  March 2026
Amount
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress
Add: Addition during the year
Add: Borrowing Cost 
Total WIP
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset
Less: Deductions/ Adjustments
Total WIP
Less: Capitalized during the year
20.21
2,798.08
17.89
6.78
2,842.97
17.50
75.14
2,750.33
st
As at 31  March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress
Add: Addition during the year
Add: Borrowing Cost 
Total WIP
Less: Capitalized during the year
Less: Deductions/ Adjustments
Total WIP
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset
42.50
20.03
4.12
1.49
68.15
5.43
20.21
42.50
st
As at 1  April 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Opening Capital Work-in-Progress
Add: Addition during the year
Add: Borrowing Cost 
Total WIP
Add: Depreciation of ROU Asset
Less: Deductions/ Adjustments
Total WIP
Less: Capitalized during the year
-
42.50
-
-
42.50
-
42.50
-
(i) CWIP Ageing Schedule (Rs in Lakh)
CWIP Total 
st
(as at 31  March, 26)
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
75.14
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
75.14
-
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2025-26
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
(Rs in Lakh)
CWIP Total 
st
(as at 31  March, 25)
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
20.21
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
20.21
-
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2024-25
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
(Rs in Lakh)
CWIP Total 
st
(as at 1  April, 24)
Projects in progress
Projects temporarily suspended
42.50
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
42.50
-
Amount in CWIP for a period of 2023-24
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 164 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
323 324
Note No. 7:- Non-Current Financial Assets - Investments
Note No. 6:- Right to use Asset
The Company has taken certain land on lease, with or without renewal options. The company has recognized leases with terms exceeding 
twelve months are recognized as right-of-use assets, with corresponding lease liabilities recorded.
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2025 Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
1  April
2025
On disposals
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
31  March
2026
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Total 653.31 277.22 285.55 644.98 70.19 35.61 6.36 99.44 545.55 583.12
st
As at 31  March 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
Leasehold Land 653.31 277.22 285.55 644.98 70.19 35.61 6.36 99.44 545.55 583.12
* Depreciation of Rs 6.79 Lakh is capitalized through Capital work in progress.
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024
(Cost/deemed cost)
Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
1  April
2024
On disposals
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
31  March
2025
Balance as at
st
31  March
2024
(Rs in Lakh)
Total 560.36 92.95 - 653.31 - 70.19 - 70.19 583.12 560.36
Leasehold Land 560.36 92.95 - 653.31 - 70.19 - 70.19 583.12 560.36
* Depreciation of Rs 1.49 Lakh is capitalized through Capital work in progress.
st
As at 31  March 2025
Particulars
(A)  Investments carried at cost less accumulated 
impairment, if any
     
Investment in Subsidiaries
(i) Investments in Unquoted Equity Share Fully Paid up
     
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (Insolation Green 
Infra Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (MGVI Green Infra 
one Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (MGVI Green Infra 
Two Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (MGVI Green Infra 
Three Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (MGVI Green Infra 
Four Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Subsidiary Company (MGVI Green Infra 
Five Pvt. Ltd.) (Face Value of Rs 10/- Each)
- Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company 
(Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd) (Face Value of Rs 10/- 
Each)
Total (A)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
st
As at 1  April 2024
 
-
 
-
 
-
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 
500.00
Amount
500.00
Qty.
 
-
 
-
 
-
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 
-
-
st
As at 31  March 2025
 
160.00 
 
0.60 
 
0.60 
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 
7,424.56 
Amount
7,585.76
Qty.
 
16,00,000 
 
6,000 
 
6,000 
 
-   
 
-   
 
-   
 
52,23,371
68,35,371
st
As at 31  March 2026
 
160.00 
 
0.60 
 
0.60 
 
0.60 
 
0.60 
 
0.60 
 
38,500.03
Amount
38,663.03
Qty.
 
16,00,000 
6,000 
6,000 
6,000 
6,000 
6,000 
61,82,257
78,12,257
(B)  Investments measured at Fair Value Through Proﬁt 
or Loss (FVTPL)
    
Investment in Quoted Equity shares of Other Companies
Fully paid up
     
- Brisk Technovision Limited
- Goyal Salt Limited
- Motisons Jewellers Limited
- Network People Services Technologies Limited
- Swaraj Suiting Limited
- Chavda Infra Limited
- Jubilant Foodworks Limited
- TAC Infosec Limited
- Rattanindia Power Limited
Total (B)
 
 3.21 
 83.72 
 128.04 
 10.25 
 18.39 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
243.60
 
 2,400 
 51,000 
 80,000 
 900 
 10,000 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
1,44,300
 
 2.40 
 79.38 
 135.20 
 21.51 
 15.31 
 12.06 
 6.64 
 47.86 
 7.35
327.72
 
 2,400 
 51,000 
 8,00,000 
 900 
 10,000 
 9,000 
 1,000 
 3,600 
 75,000
9,52,900
 
 1.55 
 50.82 
 -   
 8.63 
 -   
 7.32 
 -   
 -   
 5.67
73.99
 
 2,400 
 51,000 
 -   
 900 
 -   
 9,000 
 -   
 -   
 75,000
1,38,300
Total (A+B) 743.601,44,3007,913.4877,88,27138,737.0279,50,557
Particulars
(a). Investment in subsidiary companies
Aggregate carrying amount of Unquoted Investments
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments
  
(b). Other investments  
Aggregate carrying amount of Quoted Investments
Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments
Aggregate carrying amount of Unquoted Investments
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 500.00 
 -   
 243.60 
 243.60 
 -   
 -
 7,585.76 
 -   
 327.72 
 327.72 
 -   
 -
 
38,663.03 
 -   
 73.99 
 73.99 
 -   
 -   
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
* Investment have been valued as per Accounting Policy No.2.4(a)
     
Carrying value and market value of quoted and unquoted investments are as below:
Particulars
Gross Block Accumulated Depreciation / Amortisation Net Block
Balance as at
st
1  April 2023 Additions
Deductions/
other
adjustments
Depreciation
charged for the
current year
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024 On disposals Balance as at
st
1  April 2024
Balance as at
st
31  March
2023
(Rs in Lakh)
Total - 560.36 - 560.36 - - - - 560.36 -
Leasehold Land - 560.36 - 560.36 - - - - 560.36 -
st
As at 31  March 2024
Balance as at
st
1  April 2023
Balance as at
st
1  April 2024
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 165 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
325 326
Note No. 8A:- Non-Current Financial Assets - Loans
Particulars
Loan to related parties
Unsecured and considered good
Loan to Wholly Owed Subsidiary (Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
2,113.461,356.271,589.32
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 2,113.461,356.271,589.32
Note No. 8B:- Current Financial Assets - Loans
Particulars
Loan to related parties
Unsecured and considered good
MGVJ Green Infra Pvt. Ltd.
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
--4.20
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total --4.20
Note No. 9B:- Other Current Financial Assets
Particulars
Accrued Interest
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
6.46476.8043.43
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 6.46476.8043.43
Note No. 9A:- Other Non-Current Financial Assets
Particulars
(i) Security Deposits
Earnest Money Deposit (Tender)
Security Deposit
Secuirty Deposit Lease- Bassi
Rent Security - Delhi Ofﬁce
(ii) Others
Bank Deposit (having maturity of greater than 12 months) (Lien Marked)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 5.00 
 63.13 
 -   
 0.77 
 -   
 35.10
 5.00 
 56.58 
 0.40 
 0.85 
 -   
 17.80
 5.00 
 55.68 
 0.45 
 -   
 -   
 222.31
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 104.0080.64283.44
Note :- Fixed deposits of Rs 123.91 Lakh (P.y. 17.80) are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
Note No. 10A:- Other Non-current Assets
Particulars
(i) Capital Advance
Unsecured and considered good
      - To Others
(ii) Others
Prepaid rent expense-Security Deposit
Club Membership Fees
Deferred revenue expenses
Preliminary Expenses
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 0.19 
 10.00 
 190.39 
 10.83
 79.28 
 5.64 
 -   
 -   
 -
 2.88 
 5.33 
 -   
 -   
 -
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 211.4184.918.21
Note No. 10B:- Other Current Assets
Particulars
(i) Advances other than capital advances
- Unsecured and considered good
Advances to Suppliers & Job Worker
Advances to others
Advance to Staff
(ii) Others
Input Tax Credit (GST)
Prepaid rent
Prepaid Expenses
Prepaid rent expense-Security Deposit Current
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 131.40 
 9.71 
 -   
 
 79.95 
 -   
 13.44 
 0.09
 142.39 
 7.75 
 -   
   
 
 428.99 
 -   
 21.28 
 0.31
 2,401.64 
 34.26 
 1.89 
   
 
 590.17 
 0.85 
 39.18 
 0.22
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 234.59600.723,068.21
Note :- Fixed deposits of Rs 123.91 Lakh (P.y. 17.80) are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
Note No. 11:- Inventories
Particulars
(Vaued at lower of cost and net realisable value) Valued & Certiﬁed by the Management
Raw Materials and components
Work-in-progress
Finished Goods
- Traded Goods
- Finished Goods
Stock-in-trade
Packing Material
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 611.66 
 132.22 
 -   
 -   
 247.56 
 297.96 
 231.13
 1,406.46 
 88.37 
 -   
 -   
 229.59 
 331.41 
 189.94
 247.71 
 83.09 
 -   
 -   
 779.36 
 342.22 
 52.20
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 1,520.532,245.781,504.58
Note:- (b) Refer Note No. 17A for information on inventories pledged as security by the Company.
Note No. 12:- Trade Receivables
Particulars
Unsecured & Considered good
Trade Receivables from others 
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
1,463.403,211.614,885.05
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 1,463.403,211.614,885.05
Note:- (i) Ageing of trade receivables and credit risk arising therefrom is as below:
Particulars
Undisputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Disputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Total
(Rs in Lakh)
 4,885.05
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Amount
 23.67
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 60.05
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
163.44
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
4,588.65
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 26.84
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Not Due
 22.41 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
4,885.05
Less than
6 months
6 months
- 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
23.6760.05163.444,588.6526.8422.41
st
As at 31  March 2026
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses
Total 4,885.0523.6760.05163.444,588.6526.8422.41
- - - - - - -
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 166 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
327 328
Note No. 14:- Current Tax Assets
Particulars
(a) Unsecured and considered good
(i) Advance Tax    
(ii) TDS
(iii) TCS
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 247.00 
 53.52 
 -
 14.00 
 103.77 
 -
 -   
 103.02 
 0.31
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 117.77103.33
Provision for Currrent Tax
Add: Tax Related to previous year
 116.14 
 -
 168.87 
 6.95
26.59
-
Total 116.14175.8226.59
Particulars
Undisputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Disputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Total
(Rs in Lakh)
 3,211.61
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Amount
 23.67
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 42.47
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
27.58
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
78.74
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 1,881.82
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Not Due
1,157.33 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
3,211.61
Less than
6 months
6 months
- 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
23.6742.4727.5878.741,881.821,157.33
st
As at 31  March 2025
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses
Total 3,211.6123.6742.4727.5878.741,881.821,157.33
- - - - - - -
Particulars
Undisputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Disputed Trade receivables    
- considered good    
- which have signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk    
- credit impaired    
Total
(Rs in Lakh)
 1,448.91
 -   
 -   
14.49
 -   
 
-
Amount
 23.67
 -   
 -   
14.49
 -   
 
-
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 25.22
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
12.77
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 
127.52
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
 1,259.73
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
Not Due
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-
1,463.40
Less than
6 months
6 months
- 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
38.1625.2212.77127.521,259.73-
st
As at 1  April 2024
Less: Allowance for expected
credit losses
Total 1,463.4038.1625.2212.77127.521,259.73-
- - - - - - -
Note No. 13:- Cash and Cash Equivalents
Particulars
- Balance with Banks
In Current Accounts
In Deposit Accounts (having maturity less than 3 months)
- Cash on Hand (As Certiﬁed by Management)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 1,706.90 
 -   
  
 45.60
 43.56 
 -   
   
 21.37 
97.69 
74.85 
   
19.87
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 1,752.5064.93192.41
Note:- Fixed deposits of Rs 3.85 lakhs (P.Y. NIL)  are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
Note No. 13A:- Other Bank Balances
Particulars
Fixed Deposits (having maturity more than 3 months but less than 12 months)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
629.7731,132.836.38
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 629.7731,132.836.38
Note:- Fixed deposits of Rs 6.37 Lakhs (P.V. 131.83 Lakh  are pledged as margin for issue of L.C. and B.G. in favour of government.
Less: Provision for Taxation 116.14168.8726.59
Total 184.38(51.09)76.74
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 167 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
329 330
NOTES ON STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note No. 15:- Equity Share Capital
Particulars
Authorised Share Capital      
27,00,00,000 Equity Shares, of Rs. 1 each, (As at 31st March 2025 -27,00,00,000 Equity Shares of 
Rs. 1 each,As at 1st April 2024 -2,30,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
2,300.002,700.002,700.00
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 2,700.002,700.00
Issued, Subscribed & Paid up      
22,03,94,625 Fully Paid up Equity Shares, of Rs. 1 each, (As at 31 March 2025 - 22,03,43,000 Equity 
Shares Fully paid up of Rs. 1 each , As at 1st April 2024 - 2,08,32,000 Equity Shares Fully paid up 
of Rs. 10 each)
2,083.202,203.432,203.95
Total 2,203.432,203.95
2,300.00
2,083.20
(i) Reconciliation of the number of Equity shares outstanding
Particulars
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year      
(+) Shares Issued during the year      
(-) Shares bought back during the year
(in Numbers)
Shares outstanding at the end of the year
 2,08,32,000.00 
 -   
 -
As at
st
1  April 2024
2,08,32,000.00
 20,83,20,000.00 
 1,20,23,000.00 
 -   
As at
st
31  March 2025
22,03,43,000.00
 22,03,43,000.00 
 51,625.00 
 -   
As at
st
31  March 2026
22,03,94,625.00
(ii) Terms/ Rights attached to equity shares
a. The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of Rs.1/-. 
Each Holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share and Dividend as and when declared by 
the Company.
b. In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive 
any of the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.
c. The Company has not issued any shares for consideration other than cash.
d. The Company has not made bought back any shares from the date of incorporation.
e. During the Financial year 2024-25 on 11/12/2024 company has raised money of Rs. 39519.60 lakhs by 
issuing through Preferential Share issue of 12,02,300 shares of Rs. 10 each on a premium of Rs. 3277 
per share (Rs. 3287 Including premium) total amounting of Rs. 39,51,960,100 through preferential 
share issue.         
f. During the Financial year 2024-25 on 11/12/2024 company has raised money of Rs. 39519.60 lakhs by 
issuing through Preferential Share issue of 12,02,300 shares of Rs. 10 each on a premium of Rs. 3277 
per share (Rs. 3287 Including premium) total amounting of Rs. 39,51,960,100 through preferential 
share issue.
g. During the year 2022-23 the Company has issued shares through IPO(Initial Public Offering) of Rs. 
5,83,20,000 (Rupees Five crore Eighty three lakhs Twenty thousand only) each share of Rs. 10 i.e. 
58,32,000 shares.
h. During the year 2021-22 the Company has issued bonus shares of Rs. 12,50,00,000 (Rupees Twelve 
crore ﬁfty lakhs only) each share of Rs. 10 i.e. 1,25,00,000 equity  shares for consideration other than 
cash
i. During the Financial Year 2025-26 on 14/11/2026 company has issued Employee stock option plan 
for Rs 1.96 lakhs [51,625 shares of Rs. 1 each on a premium of Rs 2.80 per share (Rs. 3.80 including 
premium) total amounting of Rs. 1,96,175 through ESOP issue.]
st
As at 31  March 2026
(iv) Details of Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
Promoter Name
st
As at 31  March 2025
 % of TotalNo of Shares
st
As at 31  March 2026
 % of TotalNo of Shares
Manish Gupta 7,28,69,800 33.06% 7,27,70,800 33.03% 0.04%
Vikas Jain 7,25,24,800 32.91% 7,25,07,300 32.91% 0.00%
Total
Payal Gupta 6,600 0.00% 6,600 0.00% 0.00%
Ekta Jain 7,600 0.00% 7,600 0.00% 0.00%
 14,54,01,200  14,52,84,700
% Change
during the year
st
As at 31  March 2025
Promoter Name
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
st
As at 31  March 2025
 % of TotalNo of Shares
st
As at 31  March 2024
 % of TotalNo of Shares
Manish Gupta  72,88,880 34.99%7,27,70,800 33.03% (1.96)%
Vikas Jain  72,74,880 34.92%7,25,07,300 32.91% (2.02)%
Total
Payal Gupta 60 0.00%6,600 0.00% 0.00%
Ekta Jain 60 0.00%7,600 0.00% 0.00%
 1,45,63,880 14,52,92,300
% Change
during the year
(iii) Details of Shares in the company held by each Equity shareholder holding more than
       5 percent Equity shares
Total
Particulars
st
As at 1  April 2024
 % of HoldingNo of Shares held
st
As at 31  March 2025
 % of HoldingNo of Shares
st
As at 31  March 2026
 % of HoldingNo of Shares
Manish Gupta 7,28,69,800 33.06% 7,27,70,800 33.03% 72,88,000.00 34.98%
Vikas Jain 7,25,24,800 32.91% 7,25,07,300 32.91% 72,74,880.00 34.92%
14,53,94,600 65.97% 14,52,78,100 65.93% 1,45,62,880.00 69.91%
(v) Aggregate number of right issues and issued under share based payment
Shares outstanding at the end of the year
Particulars
Issued Under Share based payment
st
As at 31  March 2025
Number
-
-
st
As at 31  March 2026
Number
51,625.00
51,625.00
For details of shares reserved for issue under the Share based payment plan of the company. (Refer Note 43)
Note No. 16:- Other Equity
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
(a) Security Premium
(b) Other Reserves
 (i) Share Based Payment Reserve
(c) Retained Earnings
 1,420.77 
 -   
 1,609.71
 39,496.69 
 -   
 1,868.28
39,498.13 
129.96 
2,353.94
Total 41,364.9741,982.04 3,030.48
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Balance at the beginning of the year      
(+) On Issue of Equity Shares       
-   Deletion      
- Preferential Issue Expenses
 1,422.78 
 -   
 2.01 
 -
 1,420.77 
 39,399.37 
 -   
 1,323.45
39,496.69 
1.44 
-
-
Balance at the end of the year 39,496.6939,498.13 1,420.77
Nature and Movement of each component of other equity is as follows:
(a) Security Premium
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 168 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
331
(b) Other Reserves
(i) Share Based Payment Reserve
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year*      
(+) Addition      
(-)  Deduction
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
Balance at the end of the year
 -
 -   
 -
As at
st
1  April 2024
-
-
-
-
As at
st
31  March 2025
-
 -   
 129.96 
 -
As at
st
31  March 2026
129.96
(c) Retained Earnings
The details of movement in retained earnings is as below:
Particulars
Balance at the beginning of the year
(+) Net Proﬁt after tax transferred from Statement of Proﬁt and Loss
(-) Dividend Paid*
(+) Other Adjustments for IND AS ﬁrst time adoption
+/- Adjustment of decrease in Market Value of Investment as on 31.03.2024 
as compare to cost of Investment
+/- Adjustment of DTA/DTL
+/- Adjustment of Deffered Revenue Expense
+/- Adjustment of Club Membership Fees
+/- Adjustment of Preliminary Expense
+/- Adjustment of QIP Expense
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 1,614.81 
 -   
 -   
 1,614.81 
 -   
 (18.23)
 13.13 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
As at
st
1  April 2024
 1,609.71 
 496.05 
 -   
 2,105.76 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (173.50)
 (10.00)
 (10.83)
 (43.15)
As at
st
31  March 2025
 1,868.28 
 717.69 
 220.34 
 2,365.62 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (11.68)
As at
st
31  March 2026
Balance at the end of the year 1,609.711,868.282,353.94
* On 15.10.2025, a ﬁnal dividend of Rs 0.10 per share for 2024-25 was paid to holders of fully paid     
equity shares.
* Expenses relates to IPO expenses and issue of shares under the companies act, 2013 have been 
expensed out of reserve & surplus (Security premium of shares) of the Company.         
         
Nature and purpose of reserves:
(i) Securities premium          
The amount received in excess of face value of equity shares is recognised in share premium. This 
reserve is utilised in accordance with the speciﬁc provisions of the Companies Act 2013.         
         
(ii) Share based payment reserve          
The company offers Employee share option plan (ESOP), under which options to subscribe for the 
company's share have been granted to certain employees and senior management. The share based 
payment reserve is used to recognise the value of equity settled share based payments provided as 
part of the ESOP scheme.         
                  
(iii) Retained earnings          
Retained earnings represents surplus/accumulated earnings of the Company and are available for 
distribution to shareholders.
332
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Note No. 17A:- Non-current Borrowings
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
(A) Secured Loans
Term Loan
(i) From Banks
Less: Current maturities (carried to Note No.17B)
 120.37 
 47.19
 13.36 
 13.36
 3,714.58 
 289.51
Total (A) -3,425.07 73.18
Unsecured Loans
- Loans From Others
- External Commercial Borrowings
Less: Current maturities (carried to Note No.17B)
 1,631.23 
 1,060.30
 597.64 
 597.64
-
-
Total (B) -- 570.93
Total (A+B) -3,425.07 644.11
(i) Description Note for Secured Loans :-
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Term Loan       
(i)  From Banks
- HDFC Bank Term Loan     
(a) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Bassi      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 4,07,00,000 is repayable in 78 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 
01 July 2025 and principal repayment commences from 10 January 2026 amounting to INR 
5,21,793/-, comprising one instalment of INR 3,24,358/- and remaining instalments of INR 1,97,435/- 
each.)      
(b) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Mamana       
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 7,70,00,000 is repayable in 78 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 
01 July 2025 and principal repayment commences from 30 January 2026 amounting to INR 
9,87,179/-, comprising one instalment of INR 4,92,316/- and remaining instalments of INR 
4,94,863/- each.)      
(c) HDFC Bank Term Loan, Shahpura      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 4,17,20,000 is repayable in 78 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 8.50% per annum starting from 
08 August 2025 and principal repayment commences from 8 March 2026 amounting to INR 
5,34,871/-.)
- AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan     
(a) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Badgaon       
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,05,00,000 is repayable in 174 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum starting from 
29 March 2026 & principal is to repaid in monthly installments commences from 18 July 2026)      
(b) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Idana      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 6,26,00,000 is repayable in 174 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum starting from 
29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in monthly installments commences from 18 July 2026)      
(c) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Bhabharana      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 5,90,00,000 is repayable in 174 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum starting from 
29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in monthly installments commences from 18 July 2026)
 
-
 -
 -
 -
-
 -
 
-
-
 -
 -
 -
 -
 391.35 
 740.38 
 411.85 
 305.00 
 626.00 
 590.00 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 169 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
333 334
(d) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Punjpur
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,25,00,000 is repayable in 174 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum starting from 
29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in monthly installments commences from 18 July 2026)      
(e) AU Small Finance Bank Term Loan, Richha      
(Sanctioned loan amounting to INR 3,25,00,000 is repayable in 174 monthly instalments with a 
moratorium period of 6 months. Interest is repayable at the rate of 9.50% per annum starting from 
29 March 2026 and principal is to repaid in monthly installments commences from 18 July 2026)      
- SBI Bank Term Loan
(a)Bank Term loan(III) (SBI)      
(Term Loan III of SBI is repayable in 60  monthly installment  commencing from Dec.  2021 
(Instalment  1 to 60 of Rs. 1.42 Lakhs))            
(b)Bank Term loan(IV) (SBI)      
[Term Loan IV of SBI is repayable in 66  monthly installment  commencing from Dec.  2021 
(Instalment  1 to 65 of Rs. 1.53 Lakhs and last i.e. 66th instalment of Rs. 1.54 Lakhs).]
(c) Car Loan
-
 -
45.12
51.76
 23.49
-
- 
 -   
 -   
13.36
325.00 
 325.00 
 -   
 -   
 -
Total (A) 13.363,714.58 120.38-
Less: Current maturities (repayable within 12 Months from the reporting date)      
- HDFC Bank Term Loan      
- AU Small Finance Term Loan      
- SBI Bank  Term Loan      
- External Commercial Borrowings
 -   
 -   
 47.19
-
 -   
 -   
 13.36
-
 -   
 245.26 
 44.25
-
Total (Carried to Note No. 17B) 13.36289.51 47.19
Total - Net of Current Maturities -3,425.07 73.19
* Security and Guarantee against loan taken from HDFC Bank
Primary Security
1. Exclusive charge on plant and machinery ﬁnanced out of the term loan for the project.         
2. Service Reserve Account (DSRA) in the form of ﬁxed deposits equivalent to one quarter of debt 
servicing obligations (including principal and interest), to be shared among the proposed term 
lenders.
Collateral Security         
1. Subservient charge on present and future movable ﬁxed assets of the Company.         
2. Subservient charge on immovable ﬁxed assets mortgaged with State Bank of India situated at 
Khasra No. 766/2, Village Bagwara, Tehsil Amer, District Jaipur – 303805, measuring 60,771.85 sq. ft.
Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:         
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)         
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)
Corporate Guarantee :         
1. Insolation Green Energy Private Limited
* Security and Guarantee against loan taken from AU Small Finance Bank
Primary Security         
1. The term loan is secured by a ﬁrst and exclusive charge by way of hypothecation over the plant and 
machinery acquired/ﬁnanced out of the said facility.
Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:         
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)         
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)
Corporate Guarantee :         
1. The facility is also backed by a corporate guarantee provided by Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited, having its registered ofﬁce at C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Jaipur, Rajasthan – 
302029.
 * Security against Secured loan taken from Bank (SBI)         
Primary Security         
1. First charge by way of Hypothecation on all current & ﬁxed assets including book debts of the 
Company both present and future.         
2. First Charge on all other movable and immovable ﬁxed assets, plant & Machinery etc. (present and 
future) of the Company.
Collateral Security         
1. Equitable mortgage of factory Land and Building situated at Khasra No. 766/2, Village Bagwara, 
Tehsil-Amer Dist. -Jaipur in the name of Sh. Manish Gupta and Sh. Vikas Jain Director of the 
Company admeasuring 5645.89 sq. mtrs 
Personal Guarantees of Directors and Third Party Guarantees:         
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)         
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)
*Car Loan Details         
1. Bank of Baroda  Car Loan is secured by  ﬁrst charge on Car and  secured by personal Guarantee of 
Manish Gupta, Vikas Jain, Directors of the Company.          
2. Bank of Baroda Car Loan (Volvo XC 60) is secured by Hypothecation of Car of Rs. 50,00,000/- 
repayable in 59 equal monthly instalments of Rs. 99834/- (principal plus interest) and 1 instalment 
of Rs. 1,11,494/- starts from April 2021.
*External Commercial Borrowings Details         
"Company has taken External Commercial Borrowings from Energy Access Relief Fund B.V., A 
company incorparated at Netherlands having registered ofﬁce at Amsterdam. Loan taken on 
Personal Guarantees of following Directors :
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)”
Note No. 17B:- Current Borrowings
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
(A) Secured Loans
From Banks
(i) Loans repayable on demand (Cash Credit SBI)
(ii)Term Loan
Current Maturities of long term borrowings (Carried from Note No. 17A)
From Bank
 1,679.16 
 47.19
 1,811.01 
 13.36
 1,471.80 
 289.51
Total (A) 1,824.371,761.31 1,726.35
(B) Secured Loans
From Others
Current Maturities of long term borrowings (Carried from Note No. 17A)
- External Commercial Borrowings  1,060.30 597.64 -
Total (B) 597.64- 1,060.30
Total (A+B) 2,422.011,761.31 2,786.65
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 170 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
335 336
(i) Description Note for Secured Loans :-
Particulars
(i) From Banks
(a) Cash Credit (SBI)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
1,679.161,811.011,471.80
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 1,679.161,811.011,471.80
Note No. 18A:- Non-current Lease Liabilities
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Lease Obligation- Non Current 478.40542.30533.30
Total 478.40542.30533.30
Note No. 18B:- Current Lease Liabilities
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Lease Obligation 81.9679.9260.57
Total 81.9679.9260.57
Note No. 19A:- Other Non Current Financial Liabilities
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Creditors for Capital Goods -15.117.16
Total -15.117.16
Note No. 19B:- Other Current Financial Liabilities
Particulars
Dividend Payable
Rent Payable
Other Payable
(Rs in Lakh)
Total
 -   
 -   
 11.84
 -   
 2.31 
 12.49
 -   
 1.25 
 0.08
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
11.8414.801.33
Note No. 20A:- Non-current Provisions
Particulars
(A) Provision for employee beneﬁts
- Gratuity- non current
- Leave Encashment- non current
(Rs in Lakh)
Total
 23.80 
 16.04
 11.65 
 4.54
 15.15 
 1.53
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
39.8416.1916.68
Note No. 20A(i):- Movement of provision in compliance of Ind AS 37
(a) Gratuity
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Opening Balance
Add: Provision Made During the Year
Less: Payment during the year
 24.11 
 10.69 
 34.80 
 9.04
25.76 
(11.78)
13.98 
1.48
 12.50 
 4.82 
 17.32 
 -
Closing Balance 12.5017.32 25.76
(b) Leave Encashment
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Opening Balance
Add: Provision Made During the Year
Less: Payment during the year
 9.53 
 13.74 
 23.27 
 4.95
 18.32 
 (8.28)
 10.04 
 4.89
 5.15 
 (0.68)
 4.47 
 2.72
Closing Balance 5.151.74 18.32
Note No. 20A(ii)  Break up of Gratuity Liability- Current and Non-Current
Particulars
Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20B)
Non Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20A)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 1.96 
 23.80
 0.85 
 11.65
 2.16 
 15.15
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 25.7612.5017.32
Note No. 20A(iii):- Break up of Leave Encashment Liability- Current and Non-Current
Particulars
Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20B)
Non Current Maturity (carried to Note No. 20A)
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
 2.28 
 16.04
 0.61 
 4.54
 0.22 
 1.53
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Total 18.325.151.74
Note No. 20B:- Current Provisions
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
(A) Provision for employee beneﬁts
Provision For Salary
-Gratuity-Current
-Leave Encashment-Current
 69.03 
 1.96 
 2.28
 35.93 
 0.85 
 0.61
 28.56 
 2.16 
 0.22
Total A 37.3830.94 73.27
(B) Other Provision
Provision for expenses
Provision for electricity 
Provision for Audit Fees
 1.47 
 6.48 
 3.25
 1.50 
 4.68 
 3.75
 21.23 
 2.43 
 -
Total B 9.9323.66 11.20
Total (A+B) 47.3154.61 84.47
Note No. 21:- Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
(I) Deferred Tax Assets
Security Deposit
Gratuity 
Leave encashment
Fair value of Securities
Lease Liability
 0.07 
 6.48 
 4.61 
 4.59 
 141.03
 1.52 
 3.15 
 1.30 
 -   
 150.84
 -   
 4.36 
 0.44 
 18.92 
 149.46
156.80173.19 156.78
(II) Deferred Tax Liabilities
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
ROU Assets
Fair value of Securities
 33.71 
 141.03 
 -
 42.35 
 140.62 
 4.19
 256.35 
 137.30 
 -
187.17393.65 174.75
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 171 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
337 338
Closing Deferred Tax Assets/(Liability) (Net)  
Less:Opening Deferred Tax Assets/(Liability)
 (17.96)
 (31.09)
 (30.36)
 (17.96)
 (220.46)
 (30.36)
Net deferred tax (expense)/income  
- Recognized through Retained earnings  
- Recognized through proﬁt & loss statement  
- Recognized through other comprehensive income
 13.13 
 13.13 
-
 -
 (12.40)
 -   
 (16.59)
 4.19
 (190.10)
 -   
 (190.31)
 0.21
Note No. 22:- Trade Payables
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Trade Payables
For Goods & Services
Dues to Micro & Small Enterprises*
Dues to other than Micro & Small Enterprises
 497.94 
 342.34
 286.09 
 1,179.45
 50.44 
 3,833.66
Total 1,465.553,884.10 840.28
* To the extent information received for status under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
Note 22(i): Details of Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the accounting year
- Principal Amount
- Interest due thereon
497.94286.09 50.44
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16 of the Micro Small and Medium 
Enterprise Development Act, 2006, along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier 
beyond appointed day during the accounting year.
---
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which have 
been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
speciﬁed under Micro Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006.
---
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the accounting year. ---
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years. Until 
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the 
purpose of Disallowance as a deductible expenditure under Section 23 of the Micro Small and 
Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006.
---
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Total
Outstanding for following periods
from due date of paymentNot Due
Less than
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 31.03.2026 is as follows:*
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME 50.44---45.225.22
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others 3,833.669.901.84677.362,898.09246.47
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME ------
(iv) Disputed dues -Others ------
Total 3,884.109.901.84677.362,943.31251.69
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Total
Outstanding for following periods
from due date of paymentNot Due
Less than
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 31.03.2025 is as follows:*
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME 286.43---4.09282.34
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others 1,179.12 9.80-2.46493.34673.51
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME ------
(iv) Disputed dues -Others ------
Total 1,465.559.80-2.46497.43955.85
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Total
Outstanding for following periods
from due date of paymentNot Due
Less than
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 year More than
3 Years
Ageing for trade payables outstanding as at 01.04.2024 is as follows:*
(i) Undisputed dues - MSME 680.92---473.26207.66
(ii) Undisputed dues - Others 159.3629.85--72.6956.82
(iii) Disputed dues -MSME ------
(iv) Disputed dues -Others ------
Total 840.2829.85--545.95264.48 
Note No. 23:- Other Current Liabilities
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
As at
st
31  March
2026
As at
st
31  March
2025
As at
st
1  April
2024
Statutory Liabilities
TDS Payable      
TCS Payable      
PF Payable      
ESI Payable      
GST Payable      
GST Payable on RCM
Advance from customer
 8.99 
 0.75 
 2.69 
 0.63 
 0.34 
 4.21 
 120.30
 10.60 
 0.27 
 1.63 
 0.45 
 -   
 0.39 
 382.79
8.32 
 0.07 
 1.03 
 0.13 
 67.18 
 -   
 177.19
Total 396.14253.93 137.91
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 172 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
339 340
Note No. 24:- Revenue From Operations
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
(A) Sale of Products
Domestic Sales
Sale of Products(Finished Goods)
Sale of Products( Trading Sales)
Sale of Products(Manufacturing Sales)
Sale of Electricity
 9,914.28 
 1,298.59 
 -   
 -
Total (A) 11,212.87
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 7,816.16 
 841.92 
 -   
 163.58
8,821.66
(B) Other Operational Revenue
Installation & Commissioning Services
Job Work Income
Freight On Sales
Scrap Sales
Discount Received
 -   
 -   
 -   
 88.51 
 0.98
Total (B) 89.49
 0.16 
 878.68 
 0.13 
 101.88 
 -
980.85
Total (A+B) 11,302.359,802.52
Note No. 25:- Other Income
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Interest Income
Gain on sale of PPE
Fair Value Gain/(Loss) on Investments- As per INDAS
Interest Income on Security Deposit
Proﬁt on sale of Investment
Other Income
Subsidy Received
Dividend Received
Excess Provision Written-back
Gain on Seuriity Deposit Received
Tender Fees
Proﬁt/(Loss) on termination of lease
 876.05 
 1.82 
 34.90 
 0.10 
 -   
 40.59 
 1.00 
 0.08 
 8.28 
 -   
 -   
 -
Total 962.83
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 700.53 
 -   
 -   
 0.10 
 42.95 
 0.11 
 -   
 0.06 
 8.59 
 0.01 
 4.52 
 0.86
757.73
Note No. 26:- Cost of Raw Material Consumed
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Raw material
Opening Stock of Raw Material
Add: Purchase of Raw Material
Less: Closing Stock of Raw Material
 611.66 
 9,604.08 
 1,406.46
Total 8,809.28
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 1,406.46 
 6,209.22 
 247.71
7,367.98
Packing material
Opening Stock of Packing Material
Add: Purchase of Packing Material
Less: Closing Stock of Packing Material
 231.13 
 281.11 
 189.94
Total 322.30
 189.94 
 72.50 
 52.20
210.24
Cost of Raw Material Consumed 9,131.587,578.21
Note No. 27:- Purchase of Stock in Trade/Finished Goods
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Trading Purchases 613.76
Total 613.76
1,087.24
1,087.24
Note No. 28:- Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods work-in-progress & Stock-in-Trade
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
(A) Closing Stock
Finished Goods-Trading
Finished Goods
Work in Progress
 331.41 
 229.59 
 88.37
Total (A) 649.38
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 342.22 
 779.36 
 83.09
 1,204.67
(B) Less: Opening Stock
Finished Goods- Trading
Finished Goods
Work in Progress
 297.96 
 247.56 
 132.22
Total (B) 677.74
 331.41 
 229.59 
 88.37
649.38
Net Increase/ (Decrease) (28.37) 555.30 
Note No. 29:- Employee Beneﬁt Expense
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Salaries and Allowance
Gratuity
Contributions to Provident fund and other fund
Director's Remuneration
Staff welfare expenses
Ex-gratia
Recruitment Expenses
Employee Compensation Expenses
Training & Higher Education
 288.52 
 4.86 
 13.10 
 89.00 
 18.52 
 5.61 
 1.00 
 -   
 45.82
Total 466.43
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 231.44 
 3.97 
 11.16 
 29.27 
 13.83 
 8.38 
 1.33 
 129.96 
 -
429.33
* For detail disclosure refer Note No. 47
Note No. 30:- Finance Costs
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Interest Expenses
On Cash Credit Limit
On Term Loan
On Others
Other Borrowing Cost
Finance Charges on lease
 80.47 
 91.49 
 12.65 
 13.50 
 55.86
Total 253.97
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 116.89 
 12.13 
 85.37 
 12.59 
 31.20
258.19
Note No. 31:- Depreciation and amortization expense
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Depreciation on Property , Plant & Equipment
Depreciation on Right of use asset
 142.80 
 68.70
Total 211.50
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 290.56 
 28.83
319.39
Note No. 32:- Other Expenses
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Manufacturing Expenses
Freight Inward
Installation Expense
Custom Clearance Charges
Fuel Exp.
 17.99 
 0.87 
 141.15
57.27
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 3.24 
 -   
 10.76
58.14
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 173 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
341 342
Repair & Maintenance Machinery      
Store & Spare Part Machinery-Import      
O&M Expenses- Project Plant     
Administative Expenses      
Legal & Professional Charges      
Bank Charges      
Security Service      
Courier Charges      
Printing & Stationery      
Testing Fees      
Computer Exp.      
Repair & Maintenance- Building      
Amc Charges      
Festival Expenses      
Telephone Expenses      
Ofﬁce Maintenance Expenses      
Membership & Registration Fees      
Penalty & Late Fees      
Vehicle Maintenance  Expenses      
Director Siting Fee      
Annual Fees      
Electricity Exp-Corporate      
Share Expenses      
Rent      
Repair And Maintenance-Others      
Insurance Charges      
Tour & Travelling - Directors      
Tour & Travelling - Others      
Tour & Travelling-Dir.- Foreign      
Interest On Income Tax      
Conveyance Exp.      
Prior Period Error      
Rates & Taxes      
Input Expense On Rent      
Demand Under Gst      
Internal Audit Fees      
Inspection Charges      
Loss on sale of PPE      
GST Expensed off      
Exchange Rate Diff.      
Reversal of Prepaid Rent-SD as per INDAS      
Expenditure on Corporate Social responsibility      
Fair Value Gain/(Loss) on Investments      
Selling Expenses      
Discount Allowed      
Tender Fees      
Loading & Unloading Charges      
Advertisement Expenses      
Freight Outward      
Exhibition Expenses      
Business Promotion Expenses      
Sponsorship Expenses      
Commission And Brokerage     
 Auditors Remuneration      
Audit Fees      
In other Capacity 
 36.40 
 -   
 -   
    
 37.60 
 5.02 
 8.87 
 2.96 
 2.45 
 13.78 
 4.75 
 -   
 3.74 
 1.97 
 2.43 
 -   
 17.30 
 3.88 
 3.98 
 -   
 35.72 
 2.68 
 0.55 
 0.30 
 23.90 
 3.45 
 19.69 
 7.32 
 8.75 
 -   
 19.25 
 -   
 4.47 
 0.51 
 2.87 
 2.00 
 0.05 
 -   
 0.09 
 25.71 
 0.20 
 0.43 
 -     
   
 -   
 5.91 
 0.62 
 43.71 
 91.01 
 10.40 
 23.40 
 -   
 183.57
  
 4.00 
 8.97
  26.34 
 1.47 
 16.83 
  
 50.17 
 3.89 
 9.52 
 6.82 
 1.05 
 2.16 
 2.61 
 0.40 
 1.38 
 0.39 
 5.92 
 6.21 
 11.88 
 20.71 
 0.92 
 16.75 
 57.82 
 1.64 
 0.34 
 0.69 
 4.63 
 22.71 
 19.36 
 0.16 
 -   
 3.83 
 1.60 
 2.87 
 0.87 
 -   
 -   
 2.00 
 -   
 0.01 
 -   
 15.50 
 0.28 
 10.50 
 48.70  
   
 2.15 
 -   
 0.22 
 1.73 
 30.55 
 -   
 6.02 
 1.33 
 -
   
 12.00 
 2.84
Total 891.94507.93
Note No. 33:- Other Comprehensive Income
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss      
- Remeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan     
Add/Less: Income tax on above
 16.64 
 4.19
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
 (0.85)
 0.21
20.83(0.64)
Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss -
Total 20.83
-
(0.64)
Note No. 34:-  Earning Per Share
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt for the year attributable to equity holders by 
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the proﬁt attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average 
number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares 
into equity shares.
The following reﬂects the proﬁt and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computation:
Calculation of basic Earning per share
(Rs in Lakh)
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2025
For the Year ended
st
31  March 2026
Net Proﬁt after tax available for equity shareholders (a) 475.22718.33
Weighted Average number of equity shares (b) 21,19,43,369.8622,03,62,377.05
Nominal Value per share (Rs.) 1.001.00
Basic Earning per share (Rs.) [(a)/(b)] 0.220.33
Diluted Earning per share (Rs.) [(a)/(b)] 0.220.33
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 174 =====
344
(Annual Report 2025-26)
343
DISCLOSURES
Note No. 35:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 12 ‘Income Tax’
(a) Income Tax Expense
(i) Income Tax recognised in the statement of proﬁt & loss account
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Current Tax Expenses     
Current Income Tax     
Adjustment for earlier year
Total current Tax expenses
 26.59 
 -
26.59
 175.82 
 -
175.82
For the
year ended
31 March 26
For the
year ended
31 March 25
Deferred tax
Deferred Tax Expenses
Total deferred tax expenses
190.31
190.31
16.59
16.59
Total Income tax expenses 216.91 192.41
(ii) Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI)
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Net actuarial gain/(loss) on deﬁned beneﬁt plan
Total
For the year ended
st
31  March, 2026
st
31  March, 2025
Before
Tax
Tax
(expense)
/Beneﬁt
Net of
Tax
Before
Tax
Tax
(expense)
/Beneﬁt
Net of
Tax
20.83
20.83
4.19
4.19
16.64
16.64
(0.64)
(0.64)
0.21
0.21
(0.85)
(0.85)
(iii) Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting proﬁt multiplied by India’s domestic rate
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Proﬁt before Income Tax
Tax Rate
Tax using the company tax rate
Tax effect of :
Disallowance of CSR Expense
Other Disallownace
Disallowance u/s 43b
Difference Between Accounting Depriciation and Depriciation allowable as per Income tax Act,1962
Difference between Interest on Lease Payments and Actual Lease Payment
Security Deposit
Previous year tax liability
Fair Value Gain on Equity Investments
Other Adjustment
Total tax expenses in the statement of proﬁt and loss account
 935.23 
 25.17% 
 235.38 
 2.64 
 1.05 
 0.22 
 0.01 
 (2.24)
 -   
 -   
 (21.67)
 1.53
216.91
 667.63 
 25.17%
 168.03 
 0.11 
 3.35 
 8.38 
 0.45 
 (0.42)
 (1.43)
 6.95 
 (0.00)
 7.00
192.41
For the
year ended
31 March 26
For the
year ended
31 March 25
(b) Movement in deferred tax balances
As at March 31, 2026
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:
Security Deposits
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)
Investments
Lease Liability
 -   
 4.36 
 0.44 
 18.92 
 149.46
173.19
Carrying
Value as at
March 31, 2026
 -   
 0.21 
 -   
 -   
 -
0.21
Changes
through Other
comprehensive
income
 (1.52)
 1.00 
 (0.86)
 18.92 
 (1.37)
16.17
Changes
through
Proﬁt or Loss
 
1.52 
 3.15 
 1.30 
 -   
 150.84
156.80
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2025 (IndAS)
Deferred tax liabilities:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
ROU Assets    
Investments
 256.35 
 137.30
-
393.65
-
-
-
-
 213.99 
 (3.31)
 (4.19)
206.48
 42.35 
 140.62 
 4.19
187.17
(220.46)0.21(190.31)(30.36)Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Disclosed as:
Deferred tax assets (net) (30.36) - - (220.46)
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:
Security Deposits
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)
Investments
Lease Liability
 1.52 
 3.15 
 1.30 
-
 150.84
156.80
Carrying
Value as at
March 31, 2025
 -   
 4.19 
 -   
 -   
 -
4.19 
Changes
through Other
comprehensive
income
 1.45 
 (7.53)
 (3.31)
 (4.59)
 9.81
(4.17)
Changes
through
Proﬁt or Loss
 0.07 
 6.48 
 4.61 
 4.59 
 141.03
156.78
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2024 (IndAS)
Deferred tax liabilities:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
ROU Assets    
Investments
 42.35 
 140.62 
 4.19
187.17
-
-
-
-
 8.64 
 (0.41)
 4.19
12.42
 33.71 
 141.03 
 -
174.75
(30.36)4.19(16.59)(17.96)Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Disclosed as:
Deferred tax assets (net) (17.96) - - (30.36)
As at April 1, 2024
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Deferred tax assets:
Security Deposits
Employee Beneﬁts (Gratuity)
Employee Beneﬁts (Leave Encashment)
Investments
Lease Liability
 0.07 
 6.48 
 4.61 
 4.59 
 141.03
156.78
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2024 (IndAS)
 0.07 
 3.86 
 4.61 
 4.59 
 141.03
154.16
Changes
through
Other Equity
 -   
 2.63 
 -   
 -
2.63
Carrying Value
as at April 1,
2024
(Prev. GAAP)
Deferred tax liabilities:    
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets    
ROU Assets    
Investments
 33.71 
 141.03 
 -
174.75
 0.00 
 141.03 
 -
141.03
 33.71 
 -   
 -
33.71
(17.96)13.13(31.09)Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Disclosed as:
Deferred tax assets (net) (31.09) - (17.96)
Note No. 36:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 2 ‘Inventories
Amount of inventories recognised as expense during the year is as under:
Particulars
(Rs in Lakh)
Raw  Material Consumed      
Packing Material Consumed
 8,809.28 
 322.30
9,131.58
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2025
 7,367.98 
 210.24
7,578.21
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2026
Total
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 175 =====
346
(Annual Report 2025-26)
345
Value of imported and indigenous raw materials, spare parts and components purchased
(Rs in Lakh)
 2,450.97 
 7,159.09 
 
 2.26 
 272.87 
 
 -   
 613.76
10,498.96
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2025
 1,020.16 
 5,189.06
 13.99 
 58.50
    
 -   
 1,087.24
7,368.96
For the year
ended
st
31  March 2026
Particulars
Raw Materials
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Spare parts and components
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Finished Goods 
  - Imported
  - Indigeneous
Total
Note No. 37:- Disclosure as per Ind AS-116 “Leases”
As part of transition, under Ind AS 116 ‘Leases’ during the Previous year, the Company had availed the 
practical expedient of not to apply the recognition requirements of Ind AS 116 to short term leases and 
also applied materiality threshold for recognition of assets and liabilities related to leases.
The Company’s leased assets primarily consists of lease for land. The Company recorded the lease 
liability at the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted at the incremental 
borrowing rate as on the date of transaction and has measured right-of-use asset at an amount equal 
to lease liability.
The following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets:
(Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 560.36 
 -   
 -   
 -
560.36
As at
st
1  April 2024
 560.36 
 92.95 
 -   
 -   
 (70.19)
583.12
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Opening carrying value of right of use assets 
Additions 
Deletion 
Adjustment 
Depreciation
Closing Balance
 583.12 
 277.22 
 (279.19)
 -   
 (35.61)
545.55
As at
st
31  March 2026
The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the period
(Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 560.36 
 -   
 -   
 -
560.36
st
1  April 2024
 560.36
 92.95 
 -   
 59.98 
 (0.01)
622.22
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Opening balance     
Additions    
Reduction    
Interest expense on liability     
Payments
Closing Balance
 622.22 
 277.22 
 (278.31)
 49.09 
 (76.37)
593.86
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the period
(Rs in Lakh)
91.07
st
31  March 2025Amount as per Statement of Cash Flows
Total Cash Outﬂows of leases 76.37
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities:
(Rs in Lakh)
478.40
As at
st
1  April 2024
542.30
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Non Current     
(i)  Lease Liability 533.30
478.40542.30533.30
As at
st
31  March 2026
81.9679.92
Current     
(I)  Lease Liability 60.57
81.9679.9260.57
Estimated future undiscounted cash ﬂows for lease payments as at March 31, 2026
(Rs in Lakh)
 85.63 
 83.91 
 90.75 
 616.25
876.54
As at
st
1  April 2024
 92.47 
 99.46 
 100.66 
 802.47
1,095.06
As at
st
31  March 2025Particulars
Future Lease payable from end of the year:    
Upto 1 Year    
Between 1 to 2 Year    
Between 2 to 3 Year    
More than 3 Year
Total
 79.01 
 74.59 
 77.24 
 1,234.08
1,464.92
As at
st
31  March 2026
316.17
560.36
472.83
622.22
Impact of discount
Total Lease Liability
871.06
593.86
The following are the amounts recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss:
(Rs in Lakh)
 55.86 
 68.70 
 0.81
st
31  March 2025Amount as per Statement of Cash Flows
Interest expense on lease liability 
Amortisation on lease assets  
Expense relating to short-term leases
 31.20 
 28.83 
 0.69
st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
125.3760.73Total
Note No. 38:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 21 "The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates" 
The amount of exchange differences (net) debited to the Statement of Proﬁt & Loss is ₹ 15,50,120.     
st
(31  March, 2025: debited Rs. 25,70,738).
(Rs in Lakh)
 45.82 
 72.58
Amount in INRParticulars
Staff training Expenses
Interest Expenses
0.54
0.86
Amount in FC
st
31  March 2025
118.401.40Total
-
-
Amount in INR
-
-
Amount in FC
st
31  March 2026
--
USD 
USD
Foreign
Currency (FC)
Value of Import on CIF basis
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Particulars st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
 2,450.97 
 2.26
Raw Materials
Components and Spare Parts
 1,020.16 
 13.99
2,453.231,034.16Total
Note No. 39:- Disclosure of Corporate social responsibility(CSR) 
As per section 135 of Companies Act 2013, the Company is required to spend in every ﬁnancial year, at 
least 2% of the average net proﬁts of the Group made during the three immediately preceding 
ﬁnancial year in accordance with its CSR policy.
(Rs in Lakh)
 -   
 0.43 
 -   
 -   
 -
Particulars
(i) Amount required to be spent by the company during the year
(ii) Amount of expenditure incurred
(iii) (Excess)/ Shortfall at the end of the year
(iv) Total of previous years shortfall/(Excess)
(v) Reason for shortfall
 12.64 
 10.50 
 (0.08)
 (2.23)
 -  
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
There is no shortfall during the year. As there is excess payment of 2.23 Lakhs in Previous Year which has been adjusted during the year.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 176 =====
348
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Nature of CSR activities:
(Rs in Lakh)
st
31  March 2025Particulars st
31  March 2026
For the Year ended
0.43 
-
1. Treatment of diseases, development of Technology, nurturing environment.
2. Education and Skill Development.
-
10.50
0.43 10.50Total
Note No. 40:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 24 ‘Related party Disclosures’
The Company has identiﬁed all the related parties as per details given below:
(i) List of Related Parties:
347
Key Managerial Personnel
Manish Gupta (Whole Time Director)
Vikas Jain (Managing Director)
Madhuri Maheshwari (Till 21 March 2025)
Sneha Goenka (Till 26 July 2024)
Nitesh Sharma (Company Secretary)
Ravi Dusad (Chief Financial Ofﬁcer)
1
2
3
4
5
6
A
Enterprises where Key Managerial Personnel has control /interest:
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd.
MGVI Green Infra Three Private Limited (w.e.f. 21/04/2025)
MGVI Green Infra Four Private Limited (w.e.f. 23/07/2025)
MGVI Green Infra Five Private Limited (w.e.f. 10/08/2025)
VM Portfolio Private Limited
Pinkcity Pipe Fittings Private Limited
GCPL Solar Two Private Limited
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private Limited
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private Limited
All India Solar Industries Association
Harmony Buildestate LLP
MV Builders and Developers
Fluidcon Engineers
Jain International Trade Organisation - Jaipur
Happy Buildmart LLP
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
B
Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
Navya Gupta
Mahendra Kumar Jain
Ekta Jain
Payal Gupta
1
2
3
4
C
Subsidiaries
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited 
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt. Ltd
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
D
Step Down Subsidiaries
MGVI Green Infra Private Limited (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)
GDIPL Solar Raj Project One Private  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)
GDIPL Solar Raj Project Two Private   (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)
DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten Private  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)
GCPL Solar Two Private Limited  (Associate Concern of Insolation Green Infra Pvt Ltd)
MGPG Green Infra Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra Private Limited
MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited
MVS Green Infra Private Limited
JRD Green Infra Private Limited
ENS Green Infra Private Limited
PED Green Infra Private Limited
MGVJ Green Infra One Private Limited
PED Green Infra One Private Limited
MVS Green Infra One Private Limited
JRD Green Infra One Private Limited
ENS Green Infra One Private Limited
MGPG Green Infra One Private Limited
MPNG Green Infra Private Limited
PRJG Green Infra Private Limited
VNPG Green Infra Private Limited
DGEJ Green Infra Private Limited
JEMP Green Infra Private Limited
NEPG Green Infra Private Limited
EVNJ Green Infra Private Limited
DMGN Green Infra Private Limited
NSJG Green Infra Private Limited
SRJG Green Infra Private Limited
MPGE Green Infra Private Limited
HVJN Green Infra Private Limited
GRJP Green Infra Private Limited
VJMG Green Infra One Private Limited
DEGP Green Infra Private Limited
EGPN Green Infra Private Limited
MJEV Green Infra Private Limited
PHDJ Green Infra Private Limited
NRJG Green Infra Private Limited
GNVP Green Infra Private Limited
MGPE Green Infra Private Limited
PRMJ Green Infra Private Limited
NVJG Green Infra Private Limited
PGNJ Green Infra Private Limited
SRGE Green Infra Private Limited
DJRG Green Infra Private Limited
HEPJ Green Infra Private Limited
RDPJ Green Infra Private Limited
VJPG Green Infra Private Limited
EGJM Green Infra Private Limited
VEMJ Green Infra Private Limited
GNPR Green Infra Private Limited
PJGN Green Infra Private Limited
DVJG Green Infra Private Limited
GDRV Green Infra Private Limited
GNJM Green Infra Private Limited
GVHJ Green Infra Private Limited
HPJG Green Infra Private Limited
PDJN Green Infra Private Limited
EGHR Green Infra Private Limited
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
E
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 177 =====
350
(Annual Report 2025-26)
349
JENP Green Infra Private Limited
VJEG Green Infra Private Limited
NGRJ Green Infra Private Limited
MGJR Green Infra Private Limited
EGRJ Green Infra Private Limited
GJPN Green Infra Private Limited
HGJP Green Infra Private Limited
JGVR Green Infra Private Limited
PDGN Green Infra Private Limited
RJGM Green Infra Private Limited
GRMJ Green Infra Private Limited
MGNJ Green Infra Private Limited
GRHE Green Infra Private Limited
DJEM Green Infra Private Limited
NRGE Green Infra Private Limited
HVGM Green Infra Private Limited
EGJP Green Infra Private Limited
GNHR Green Infra Private Limited
PEMJ Green Infra Private Limited
VJNR Green Infra Private Limited
JRGM Green Infra Private Limited
MGJN Green Infra Private Limited
JHVG Green Infra Private Limited
PRGE Green Infra Private Limited
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
Non Executive Independent Directors
Pallavi Mishra
Subir Bikas Mitra
Anil Kumar Gupta
Shreemat Pandey
Alpesh Fatehsingh Purohit  (Till 10 Feb 2024)
Kuljit Singh Popli- (Till 18 April 2025)
Rajiv Jain
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
F
Note: Related party relationship is as identiﬁed by the Company and relied upon by the Auditors.
(ii) Transactions carried out with related parties referred above, in ordinary course of business:
(Rs in Lakh)
3,716.85
st
31  March 2025Nature of transaction & Name of the Related Party
(i) Sales
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd 7,816.16
st
31  March 2026
For the year ended
3,716.857,816.16Total
Inﬂuence
1,139.73 
 -   
 -
(ii) Purchase
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
Fluidcon Engineers
 2,363.22 
 1.12 
 0.35
1,139.732,364.69Total
Subsidiary Company
Subsidiary Company
Subsidiary Company
Associate Concern
210.28
(iii) Interest Income
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd 258.94
210.28258.94Total
Subsidiary Company
 40.15 
 40.15
(iv) Rent Expenses
Manish Gupta
Vikas Jain
 25.00 
 25.00
80.3050.00Total
Key Managerial 
Personnel
9.84
(v) Consultancy Services
Mahendra Kumar Jain -
9.84-Total
Relative of Key 
Managerial Personnel
45.82
(vi) Staff Training Expense
Navya Gupta -
45.82-Total
Relative of Key 
Managerial Personnel
-
(vii) Electricity Charges
Vikas Jain 1.44
-1.44Total
Key Managerial 
Personnel
 33.00 
 33.00 
 1.08 
 18.36 
 4.38 
 1.97 
 3.67 
 4.50 
 5.75 
 6.25
(viii) Remuneration
Manish Gupta (Whole Time Director)
Vikas Jain (Managing Director)
Ravi Dusad (Chief Financial Ofﬁcer)
Madhuri Maheshwari
Nitesh Sharma (Company Secretary)
Sneha Goenka
Navya Gupta
Ekta Jain (Director)
Payal Gupta (Director)
Pallavi Mishra (Director)
 15.00 
 14.27 
 40.00 
 -   
 8.72 
 -   
 0.90 
 2.25 
 1.75 
 3.25
111.9686.14Total
Key Managerial
Personnel
111.96
Compensation to key managerial personnel of the Company.
Short term employee beneﬁts
Post-employment beneﬁts
86.14
111.9686.14Total
Remuneration includes Rs. 8.02 Lakh Pertaining to  employee share based option granted during the year ended  31st March 2026.
 6.00 
 5.50 
 6.75 
 -   
 -   
 -
(ix) Directors sitting fees
Kuljit Singh Popli
Akhilesh Kumar Jain
Anil Kumar Gupta
Subir Bikas Mitra 
Rajiv Jain
Shreemat Pandey
 -   
 3.00 
 3.75 
 1.25 
 1.00 
 0.50
18.259.50Total
Non Executive
&
Independent
Director
 32.83 
 1.04
(x) Advance Given
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt Ltd
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
-
-
33.86-Total
Subsidiary Company
9,611.00
-
(xi) Loan Given
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
MGVj Green Infra Private Limited
-
4.20
9,611.004.20Total
Subsidiary Company
Step Down Subsidiary
 10,557.44
(xii) Loan Re- Payment
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd -
 10,557.44-Total
Subsidiary Company
 6,924.56 
 160.00 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 -   
 -   
 - 
(xiii) Investment Made
Insolation Green Energy Private Limited 
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt. Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt. Ltd
 
31,075.47 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.60 
 0.60 
 0.60
7,085.7631,077.27Total
Subsidiary Company
--0.195,000.00
Particulars Inﬂuence
 For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
 For the year ended
st
31  March 2025
Ravi Dusad
No. of shares
Key Managerial Person
Value of shares No. of shares Value of shares
Shares Issued
--0.195,000.00
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 178 =====
352
(Annual Report 2025-26)
351
(iii) Following related parties have given personal guarantees or securities towards borrowings 
availed from banks and other ﬁnancial institutions on behalf of the Company
1. Sh. Vikas Jain s/o Sh. Mahendra Kumar Jain (Director)
2. Sh. Manish Gupta s/o late Sh. Subhash Chandra Gupta (Director)
(iv) Outstanding Balances
(Rs in Lakh)
 2,113.46 
 -   
 -   
 -   
   
   
 -   
  
 -   
 -   
 
  
 -   
  
 3.48 
 3.27 
 
  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
 -   
 42.87 
   
 500.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
Particulars
(i) Loans & Advances
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
- MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited
(ii) Current Account- Payable
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
- Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
(ii) Current Account--Receivables
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
(iii) Trade Payables
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
- Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
(iv) Trade Receivables
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
(vi) Directors Remmuneration Payable
- Manish Gupta
- Vikas Jain
(vii) Remuneration Payable
- Ravi Dusad
- Madhuri Maheshwari
- Nitesh Sharma
- Navya Gupta
- Rajeev Jain
(vii) Sundry Advances
- MGVI Green Infra One Pvt Ltd
- Fluidcon Engineers
(viii) Investments
- Insolation Green Energy Private Limited 
- Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra One Pvt. Ltd
- MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt. Ltd
- MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt. Ltd
- MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt. Ltd
- MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt. Ltd
 1,356.27 
 -   
 1.04 
 -   
    
   
 -   
  
 674.19 
 -   
  
 2,636.88 
  
 1.59 
 1.46 
  
 1.08 
 0.64 
 0.61 
 0.30 
 -   
 
  
 32.83 
 -   
    
 7,424.56 
 160.00 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 -   
 -   
 -
Inﬂuence
 Subsidiary 
 Step Down Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Subsidiary 
 Whole Time Director 
 Managing Director 
 Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
 Chief Financial Ofﬁcer 
 Company Secretary 
 Relative of KMP 
 Independent Director 
 Subsidiary 
 Entity Controlled by KMP 
 Subsidiary 
 1,589.32 
 4.20 
 230.50 
 0.10 
  
   
 2.01 
   
 2,854.07 
 2,163.22 
   
 4,561.10 
  
 0.50 
 0.44 
 
 0.53 
 -   
 0.78 
 -   
 0.90 
 
  
 32.83 
 -   
   
 38,500.03 
 160.00 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 0.60
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
Note No. 41:- Contingent liabilities , Contingent assets & Capital Commitments
Contingent Liability
(Rs in Lakh)
 7,567.00
 - 
 -
 -
 -
 -
Particulars
For loan granted to Insolation Green energy Pvt Ltd. (Subsidiary)
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of State Bank of 
India for Credit Facility of Rs. 215 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited.
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of HDFC Bank 
Limited for Credit Facility of Rs. 130 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited.
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of Bajaj Finance 
Limited for Term Loan of Rs. 50 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private 
Limited.
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of IREDA for 
Term Loan of Rs. 1134 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy Private Limited.
Corporate Guarantee given by Insolation Energy Limited in favour of AU Bank 
Limited for Credit Facility of Rs. 48.72 Crores availed by Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited.
 9,968.00
 - 
 -
 -
 -
 -
-
 21,500.00
 13,000.00
 5,000.00
 1,13,400.00
 4,872.00
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(i) Corporate Guarantee given to bank
7,567.009,968.00Total 1,57,772.00
(Rs in Lakh)
51.00
Particulars
For guranatee by bank on behalf of company 1,050.00-
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(ii)  Counter Guarantee given to bank
51.001,050.00Total -
(Rs in Lakh)
-
-
-
Particulars
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2021-22.
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2022-23.
Demand on account of excess availment of ITC in respect of initial public offering 
of shares which were disallowed by Rajasthan GST department in FY 2023-24.
 4.10 
 
71.67 
 
6.84
-
-
-
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(iii)  Demand/ Penalty in respect of GST
-82.61Total -
(Rs in Lakh)
104.65
Particulars
Export obligation to be fullﬁll under machine imports under EPCG license amount --
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(iv)  Export Obligation
104.65-Total -
(Rs in Lakh)
-
Particulars
For guranatee by bank on behalf of company -112.11
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(v)  Bank Guarantee
--Total 112.11
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 179 =====
354
(Annual Report 2025-26)
353
(Rs in Lakh)
-
Particulars
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account
(net of advances)
 8,135.00-
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025
As at
st
1  April 2024
(b) Capital Commitments
- 8,135.00Total -
Note No. 42:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 101 ‘First Time Adoption of Ind AS
Explanation of Transition to Ind AS and effect of Ind AS adoption
First-time adoption-mandatory exceptions, optional exemptions
(i)  Overall Principle
These ﬁnancial statements represent the Company’s ﬁrst standalone ﬁnancial statements prepared 
in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). Until 31 March 2025 , the Company 
prepared its ﬁnancial statements under previous Indian GAAP, including the accounting standards 
notiﬁed under the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2006 (as amended). 
The transition date to Ind AS is 1 April 2024, and the Company has prepared its Opening Balance Sheet 
as per Ind AS on this date. The impact of the transition has been reﬂected in the Opening Reserves as 
of 1 April 2024. To ensure compliance with Ind AS and Schedule III, the ﬁnancial ﬁgures for the 
previous period have been restated, regrouped, and reclassiﬁed, wherever necessary. In accordance 
with Ind AS 101, the Company has:  
-  Recognized all assets and liabilities whose recognition is required under Ind AS.  
-  Not recognized items that are not permitted by Ind AS.  
-  Reclassiﬁed items from previous GAAP to Ind AS, wherever required.  
-  Applied Ind AS measurement principles for recognized assets and liabilities.  
However, this principle is subject to certain exceptions and optional exemptions availed by the 
Company, as detailed below.
(ii) Optional Exemptions and Mandatory Exemptions
Under Ind AS 101, the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities as per previous GAAP as on 31 March 
2024 have generally been recognized and measured as per Ind AS standards effective on 31 March 
2026. However, certain optional exemptions and mandatory exceptions from retrospective 
application have been applied.
The Company has availed the following key exemptions and exceptions:
Ind AS optional exemptions
1. Investment in Subsidiary
The Company has elected to carry its investment in subsidiary at deemed cost which is its previous 
GAAP carrying amount at the date of transition to Ind AS.
2. Deemed cost for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets:
Ind AS 101 permits a ﬁrst-time adopter to elect to continue with the carrying value for all of its 
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets as recognised in the ﬁnancial statements as 
at the date of transition to Ind AS, measured as per the previous GAAP and use that as its deemed 
cost as at the date of transition after making necessary adjustments for de-commissioning 
liabilities.The Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all of its plant and 
equipment and intangible assets as recognised as of April 01, 2024 (transition date) measured as per 
the previous GAAP and use that carrying value as its deemed cost as of the transition date.
3. Borrowings
Ind AS 101 permits that if it is impracticable for an entity to apply retrospectively the effective 
interest method in Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’, the fair value of the ﬁnancial liability at the 
date of transition to Ind AS shall be the new amortised cost of that ﬁnancial liability at the date of 
transition to Ind AS.
4. Fair Value of Financials Liabilities
As per Ind AS 109, the Company is required to measure ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value on initial 
recognition, and account for the difference between fair value and transaction price as a gain/loss. 
The Company has elected to apply the exemption provided in Ind AS 101 to apply these 
requirements prospectively to transactions entered into after the date of transition.
5. Leases
Ind AS 116 requires an entity to assess whether an arrangement contains a lease at its inception. 
However, Ind AS 101 provides an option to make this assessment on the basis of facts and 
circumstances existing at the date of transition to Ind AS. The Company has elected to apply this 
exemption for such contracts/ arrangements.
The company has also elected to apply the following exemptions:
1. Measure Right of Use Assets on date of transition at an amount equal to the lease liability, 
adjusted by the amount of prepaid/accrued lease payments.
2. Apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.
3. Elect not to recognise lease liability for leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of 
the date of transition, and instead account for them as short term leases.
4. Exclude initial direct cost from the measurement of right of use assets as at date of transition.
Ind AS mandatory exceptions
6. Derecognition of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities
The Company has applied the derecognition requirements of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial 
liabilities prospectively for transactions occurring on or after 1st April, 2024 (the transition date).
7. Estimates
An entity’s estimates in accordance with Ind AS at the date of transition to Ind AS shall be consistent 
with estimates made for the same date in accordance with previous GAAP (after adjustments to 
reﬂect any difference in accounting policies), unless there is objective evidence that those 
estimates were in error. Ind AS estimates as at 1 April 2024 are consistent with the estimates as at the 
same date made in conformity with previous GAAP. The Company made estimates for Impairment 
of ﬁnancial assets based on expected credit loss model in accordance with Ind AS at the date of 
transition as these were not required/made under previous GAAP.
8. Classiﬁcation and measurement of ﬁnancial assets
The classiﬁcation of ﬁnancial assets to be measured at amortised cost or fair value through other 
comprehensive income is made on the basis of facts and circumstances that existed on the date of 
transition to Ind AS.
(iii) Reconcilation of Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025 and 1st April, 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property plant & equipment 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 
(c) PPE - Right of use Asset 
(d) Investment Property
I
(1)
 877.89 
 20.21 
 583.12
-
Note
No.
(a)
(a)
 -   
 2.49 
 583.12
-
As per
Previous GAAP
st
31  Mar, 2025
 877.89 
 17.73 
 -
-
As per Ind AS
st
1  April, 2024
 670.14 
 42.50 
 560.36
-
Ind AS
Adjustments
 -   
 -   
 560.36
-
As per
Previous GAAP
1 April, 2024
 670.14 
 42.50 
 -
-
Ind AS
Adjustments
As per Ind AS
st
31  Mar, 2025
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 180 =====
356
(Annual Report 2025-26)
355
Current assets  
(a) Inventories 
(b)  Financial Assets 
 (I) Investments 
 (ii) Trade receivables 
 (iii) Cash & Cash Equivalents  
 (iv) Bank balances other 
than (iii) above 
 (v) Loans 
 (vi) Others  ﬁnancial assets 
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net) 
(d) Other Current Assets
(2)
 2,245.78 
  
 -   
 3,211.61 
 64.93 
 31,132.83 
 -   
 476.80 
-
 600.72(c)(ii)
 -   
   
 -   
 0.01 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.31
 2,245.78 
   
 -   
 3,211.61 
 64.93 
 31,132.83 
 -   
 476.80 
 -   
 600.42
 1,520.53 
 -   
 1,463.40 
 1,752.50 
 629.77 
 -   
 6.46 
 184.38 
 234.59
 -   
 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.08
 1,520.53 
 
 -   
 1,463.40 
 1,752.50 
 629.77 
 -   
 6.46 
 184.38 
 234.51
(e) Intangible Assets
(f) Intangible assets under 
development
(g) Financial Assets
(i) Investments
(ii) Loans 
(iii) Other ﬁnancial assets
(h) Deferred tax assets (net)
(i) Other non-current assets
 -
 -
 
-
 7,913.48 
 1,356.27 
 80.64 
 -
 84.91
(c) (i)
(c)(ii) (e)(i)
(c) (ii)
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 16.67 
 -   
 (239.91)
 -   
 5.64
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 7,896.81 
 1,356.27 
 320.55 
 -   
 79.28
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 743.60 
 2,113.46 
 104.00 
-
 211.41
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 (18.23)
 -   
 (0.28)
 -   
 0.19
 -   
 -   
 -   
 761.83 
 2,113.46 
 104.28 
 -   
 211.22
10,916.52368.0010,548.524,445.47542.043,903.43Total Non-current Assets
37,732.670.3137,732.365,791.630.085,791.55Total Current Assets
48,649.20368.3148,280.8810,237.10542.129,694.98Total Assets
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
Equity  
(a) Equity Share capital  
(b) Other Equity
II
 2,203.43 
 41,364.97
 -   
 (248.66)
 
 2,203.43 
 41,613.63
 2,083.20 
 3,030.48
 -   
 (5.10)
43,568.40(248.66)43,817.065,113.68(5.10)5,118.78Total Equity
Liabilities   
Non-current liabilities  
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(i) Borrowings 
(ii) Lease Liabilities 
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities 
(b) Provisions 
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other non-current liabilities
(1)
 -   
 542.30 
 15.11 
 16.19 
 30.36 
 -
(a)
(d)
 -   
 542.30 
 -   
 -   
 (7.56)
 -
 -   
 -   
 15.11 
 16.19 
 37.92 
 -
 644.11 
 478.40 
 -   
 39.84 
 17.96 
 -
 -   
 478.40 
 -   
 -   
 (13.13)
-
 644.11 
 -   
 -   
 39.84 
 31.09 
 -
603.97534.7569.221,180.31465.27715.04Total Non-current Liabilities
Current liabilities  
(a) Financial Liabilities  
(I) Borrowings 
(ii) Lease Liabilities 
(iii) Trade Payables 
- Total outstanding dues of 
micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
- Total outstanding dues of 
creditors other than micro & 
small enterprises
(iv) Other Financial Liabilities  
(b) Provisions 
(c) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 
(d) Other current liabilities 
(2)  
 2,422.01 
 79.92 
 -  
 
 286.09 
 1,179.45 
 14.80 
 396.14 
 47.31 
 51.09
(a)
(e)(ii)
-   
 79.92
- 
 - 
  
 -
   
 2.31 
 0.00 
 -   
 -
 
 2,422.01 
 -   
 - 
  
 286.09 
 1,179.45 
 12.49 
 396.14 
 47.31 
 51.09
 
 2,786.65 
 81.96 
 -
   
 497.94
 
 342.34
 
 11.84 
 137.91 
 84.47 
 -
 -   
 81.96 
 -   
   
 - 
  
 - 
  
 -   
 -   
 - 
-
  
 2,786.65 
 -   
 -   
 497.94 
 
342.34 
 11.84 
 137.91 
 84.47 
 -
4,476.8382.234,394.603,943.1181.963,861.15Total current Liabilities
48,649.20368.3148,280.8810,237.10542.139,694.98Total Equity and Liabilities
 
 2,083.20 
 3,035.58
st
IV. Reconciliation of Total Comprehensive Income for the period ended 31  March 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
No.
As per
Previous GAAP
Ind AS
Adjustments As per Ind AS
I
II
III
IV
V
VI
VII
VIII
IX
X
XI
Revenue from operations
Other income
Total Income (I + II)
Expenses:  
Cost of materials consumed  
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade  
Manufacturing & other direct expenses  
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, work-in-progress & stock-in-trade 
Employee beneﬁts expense  
Finance costs  
Depreciation and amortization expense  
Other expenses (adminstrative & selling expenses)
Total Expenses
Proﬁt before exceptional item and tax (III-IV)
Exceptional Item
Proﬁt before tax (V-VI)
Tax expense:
(1) Current tax
(2) Deferred tax Expenses/(Income)
(3) Earlier year tax {Short/(Excess)}
Proﬁt for the year ( VII-VIII)
Other Comprehensive Income:
A. Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss 
- Remeasurement Gain/(loss) of Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plan
Less: Income tax on above
Total other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X)
 11,302.35 
 962.83
 -   
 35.00
11,302.35 
 927.83 (c) (i), (ii)
12,265.1935.0012,230.18
 9,131.58 
 613.76 
 28.37 
 466.43 
 253.97 
 211.50 
 891.94
 -   
 -   
 -   
 0.00 
 16.64 
 55.86 
 68.70 
 (89.05)
 9,131.58 
 613.76 
 -   
 28.37 
 449.79 
 198.11 
 142.80 
 980.99
11,597.5552.1511,545.40
667.63(17.15)684.78
---
667.63(17.15)684.78
 175.82 
 16.59
-
(0.00)
 9.76 
 - 
 175.82 
 6.83 
 -
(d)
475.22(26.91)502.13
 16.64 
 (4.19)
 16.64 
 (4.19)
-
-
(b)
(b)
12.4512.45-
487.68(14.46)502.13
 (b) 
 (a) 
 (a) 
(a), (c) (ii), 
(e) (iii)
V. Reconciliation of total Equity as at 31 March, 2025 and 1 April, 2024 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note As at
st
31  March 2025
 Equity share capital  
 Capital reserve   
 General reserve   
 Retained earnings   
 Securities premium
Total Equity (shareholder's fund) as per previous GAAP
 2,083.20 
 -   
 -   
 1,614.81 
 1,420.77
 2,203.43 
 -   
 -   
 2,116.96 
 39,496.69
5,118.7843,817.08
As at
st
1  April 2024
Adjustments :     
Deferred tax impact on Ind AS adjustments
Fair Valuation of Investments in Quoted Investment
Provision for Gratuity
Impact on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 (Leases)
Fair valuation of security deposits
Adjustment for ﬁrst time adoption of Ind AS
Total Equity as per Ind AS
 13.13 
 (18.23)
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 7.56 
 16.67 
 -   
 (38.93)
 (0.10)
 (233.86)
 (d) 
 (c) (i) 
 (a) 
 (c) (ii) 
 (e) (i)
5,113.6843,568.42
VI. Reconcilation of Total Comprehensive Income for the year ended 31 March, 2025 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Note
Net Proﬁt under Previous GAAP (After Tax)
Add/(less) adjustments for Ind AS:
Impairment allowance for expected Credit Loss
502.13
-
-
Year ended
st
31  March 2025
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 181 =====
358
(Annual Report 2025-26)
357
Deferred tax
Provision for Gratuity
Fair Value changes of Investment
Adjustment of preliminary expenses
Impact on account of adoption of Ind AS 116 (Leases)
Fair valuation of security deposits
 (9.76)
 (16.64)
 34.90 
 3.61 
 (38.92)
 (0.10)
 (d) 
 (b) 
 (c) (i) 
 (e) (iii) 
 (a) 
(c) (ii)
Total adjustments (26.91)
Total Comprehensive Income as per Ind AS 496.05
Other Comprehensive Income
Actuarial Gain/(Loss) recognised in OCI
Income tax on above
 16.64 
 4.19
(b)
(b)
Net Proﬁt under Ind AS (After Tax) 475.22
VII. Impact of Ind AS adoption on Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
on 31 March, 2025
Particulars
Net cash Flow from operating activity
Net cash Flow from investing activity
Net cash Flow from ﬁnancing activity
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
(Rs in Lakh)
As per
Previous GAAP
Ind AS
Adjustments
As per
Ind AS
 (2,209.51)
 (36,404.90)
 36,926.84 
 (1,687.57)
 1,752.50 
 64.93
 (603.49)
 864.06 
 (260.56)
 (0.00)
 -   
 (0.00)
 (1,606.02)
 (37,268.95)
 37,187.40 
 (1,687.57)
 1,752.50 
 64.93
The changes in cash ﬂows are primarily due to creation of lease liabilities and right of use assets.
VIII. Notes to First time adoption 
(a) Leases
Under Ind AS, Right-of-Use (ROU) Assets and Lease Liabilities amounting to ₹ 560.36 lakhs have been 
recognized as of 1st April 2024 for contracts previously classiﬁed as operating leases under previous 
GAAP. Additionally, during 2024-25, an ROU asset of ₹ 92.95 lakhs and a lease liability of ₹ 92.95  lakhs 
have been recorded for new lease contracts. As a result of the transition, expenses previously 
classiﬁed under rent and legal expenses (initial direct cost) have been reduced by ₹ 85.63  lakhs and 
amount of Rs. 5.43 lakhs were reversed from the balance of CWIP as on 31.03.2025. However, ﬁnance 
costs have increased by ₹ 55.86 lakhs and depreciation has increased by ₹ 68.70  lakhs during 2024-25, 
reﬂecting the accounting treatment under Ind AS 116 – Leases. 
(b) Deﬁned Beneﬁt Liabilities:
Both under Previous GAAP and Ind AS, the Company recognised costs related to its post-
employment deﬁned beneﬁt plan on an actuarial basis. Under previous GAAP, the entire cost, 
including actuarial gains and losses, are charged to Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. Under Ind AS, 
remeasurements (comprising of actuarial gains and losses excluding amounts included in net 
interest on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability) are recognised through Other Comprehensive Income 
instead of Proﬁt or Loss. Accordingly ₹16.64  lakhs have been reclassiﬁed from Proﬁt or Loss to OCI.
(c) Financial Instuments:
(i) Investment in Quoted Securities:-
In accordance with Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments”, investments in  Quoted Equity Shares are 
recognised at fair value through the statement of proﬁt and loss at each reporting period. This has 
resulted gain/(loss) amounting ₹(18.23)  lakhs recognized through other equity as at 1st April 2024 and 
gain/(loss) amounting ₹ 34.09 lakhs during FY 2024-25.
(ii) Security deposits(Leased Properties):-
Under Ind AS, security deposits have been reclassiﬁed and measured at their present value, with the 
difference accounted for as prepaid rent. As of the transition date on 1st April 2024, the total security 
deposit under Previous GAAP was ₹ 1.05 lakhs. During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, an additional ₹ 6.25 
lakhs was recorded, bringing the closing balance to ₹ 7.30 lakhs as of 31st March 2025.
As part of the transition, the security deposit was reclassiﬁed into various ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial 
assets.
The discounting of non-current ﬁnancial assets resulted in the recognition of prepaid rent, with ₹ 0.19 
lakhs recorded as non-current prepaid rent and ₹0.09 lakhs as current prepaid rent. Subsequent new 
security deposit led to an increase of ₹ 5.45 lakhs in non-current prepaid rent and increase of ₹ 0.22 
Lakh in current prepaid rent. The present value of non-current ﬁnancial security deposits was ₹ 0.77 
lakhs at transition, which increased to ₹ 0.85 lakhs during the year.
Additionally, unwinding of the prepaid rent resulted in a charge of ₹0.20  lakhs, and interest income 
on the security deposit amounted to ₹ 0.10 lakhs during 2024-25. The net impact in proﬁt or loss was a 
loss of ₹0.10 lakhs.
These adjustments reﬂect the fair value measurement of security deposits under Ind AS, ensuring 
compliance with the revised ﬁnancial reporting framework.
(d) Deferred Tax
Previous GAAP required deferred tax accounting using the income statement approach, which 
focuses on differences between taxable proﬁts and accounting proﬁts for the period. Ind AS 12 
requires entities to account for deferred taxes using the balance sheet approach, which focuses on 
temporary differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the balance sheet and 
its tax base. The application of Ind AS 12 approach has resulted in recognition of deferred tax on new 
temporary differences which was not required under Previous GAAP. In addition, the various 
transitional adjustments discussed above lead to temporary differences and reclassiﬁcation of tax 
expense from Proﬁt or Loss to OCI. According to the accounting policies, the Company has to account 
for such differences. Deferred Tax adjustments are recognised in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in retained earnings or proﬁt and loss respectively.
(e) Prior Period Items
(i) Deferred Expenses
Under Previous GAAP, certain expenses amounting to Rs. 228.24 Lakh  were deferred and presented 
as part of other non-current assets. Upon transition to Ind AS, such expenses do not meet the 
recognition criteria of an asset and have therefore been adjusted against the opening retained 
earnings as at the transition date.
(ii) Other Current Liabilities (Rent Payable)
Under Previous GAAP, rent expenses amounting to Rs.2.31 Lakh  were not recognized on an accrual 
basis. Under Ind AS, rent has been recognized on an accrual basis and, to the extent applicable, has 
been capitalized as part of Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP) in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards. Consequently, a corresponding rent payable liability has also been recognized, 
with the impact adjusted in the opening retained earnings as at the transition date.
(iii) Preliminary Expenses
Under Previous GAAP, preliminary expenses amounting to Rs 3.61 Lakhs were recognised in the 
statemnt of proﬁt and loss. Upon transition to Ind AS, such expenses have been adjusted against the 
opening retained earnings as at the transition date.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 182 =====
360
(Annual Report 2025-26)
359
Note No. 43:- Share-based payments (ESOP)
1. The shareholders of the Company in its Extraordinary General Meetings held on 4th March, 2024 
and  17th June, 2024 passed the special resolution for approval of Insolation Energy Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2024 the Plan authorizing the Board/Committee to Grant not exceeding 20,00,000 
Options to the eligible Employees in one or more tranches, from time to time, which in aggregate 
shall be exercisable into not more than 20,00,000 Shares of face value of Re. 1/- each fully paid up, 
with each such Option conferring a right upon the Employees to apply for one Share in the 
Company in accordance with the terms and conditions as may be decided under the Plan.
2. The maximum number of Options that may be granted per Employee and in aggregate shall be 
decided by the Committee depending upon the designation and the appraisal/assessment 
process. However, the Grant of Options to identiﬁed Employees, during any one year shall not be 
equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued capital of the company at the time of grant of option. Further, 
approval of shareholders by way of separate resolution in the general meeting shall be obtained 
before Grant of Options to identiﬁed Employees, during any one year equal to or exceeding 1% of 
the issued capital of the company at the time of grant of option.In addition, the maximum number 
of options that may be granted in aggregate shall not exceed 20,00,000 options.
3. If an Option cancels, expires, lapses or becomes un-exercisable due to any reason, it shall be 
brought back to the Options pool as mentioned in Sub-clause 3.1 and shall become available for 
future Grants, subject to compliance with all Applicable Laws.
4. Where Shares are issued consequent upon exercise of an Option under the ESOP 2024, the 
maximum number of Shares that can be issued under ESOP 2024 as referred to in Clause 3.1 above 
shall stand reduced to the extent of such Shares issued.
5. In case of a Share split or consolidation, if the revised face value of the Share is less or more than the 
current face value as prevailing on the date of coming into force of this Plan, the maximum number 
of Shares available for being granted under ESOP 2024 as speciﬁed above shall stand modiﬁed 
accordingly, so as to ensure that the cumulative face value (no. of Shares X face value per Share) 
prior to such Share split or consolidation remains unchanged after such Share split or 
consolidation. Thus, for example, if the prevailing face value of each Share is Rs.10 per Share and the 
revised face value after the Share consolidation is Rs 100 per Share, the total number of Shares 
available under ESOP 2024 would be (Shares reserved at Sub-Clause 3.1/10) Shares of Rs.100 each. 
Accordingly, the number of Options to be issued will also undergo a change. Similarly, in case of 
bonus issue, etc. the available number of Shares under Plan shall be revised to restore the value.
* The Board of Directors approved, the sub-division/ split of The equity shares of the Company, such 
that 1 (one) equity share having face value of Rs. 10.00 (Rupees Ten only) each, fully paid-up, was sub-
divided into 10 (ten) equity shares having face value of Rs. 1.00 (Rupee One only) each, fully paid-up. 
Further, the members in its Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) on 05th December, 2024, approved 
the said sub-division/ split of equity shares. The effect of the change in face value of the share was 
reﬂected on the share price at the Stock Exchange where the Company is listed (BSE), effective from 
24th January 2025 i.e. record date for the purpose of subdivision/ split of equity shares of your 
Company.
As at March 31, 2026
Particulars st
1  Grant
nd
2  Grant
rd
3  Grant
th
4  Grant
th
5  Grant
th
6  Grant
ESOP 2024
Date of Grant  
Share Price on date of Grant  
Average Fair Value on date of Grant  
Outstanding as on April 1, 2025  
Granted during the year  
Transfer in   
Transfer out  
Forfeited during the period  
Lapsed during the period  
Exercised during the period  
Outstanding as on March 31, 2026  
Vested outstanding options
Unvested outstanding options
Vesting Period
Exercise Period 
 
Weighted Average remaining
contract life  
Exercise Price  
Weighted average share price for
shares excercised during the year
Description of the method and
signiﬁcant assumptions used during
the year to estimate the fair value of
the options including the following
assumptions
th
 14  Aug, 2025 
 238.00 
 78.59 
 - 
 23,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 13,000.00 
 - 
 13,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 26  May, 2025 
 254.00 
 78.56 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000.00 
 - 
 10,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
st
21  March, 2025 
th
 28  Oct, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.54 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,500.00 
 - 
 11,250.00 
 26,250.00 
 - 
 26,250.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 09  Sept, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.52 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000.00 
 - 
 40,375.00 
 1,06,125.00 
 35,375.00 
 70,750.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 10  July, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 NA
 
 3.80 
 NA
258.00 
 254.58 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 61,250.00 
 - 
 - 
 38,750.00 
 10,625.00 
 28,125.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
At the end of 12 (twelve) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted 
At the end of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 24 (twenty-four) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 30 (thirty) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
The Exercise period in respect of an exercise of option shall be a period of 18 (Eighteen) months
from the date of vesting of option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Expected 
volatility
ii. Dividend 
Yield
iii.Risk free 
Interest 
rates
iv.Withdrawal 
Rate 
(i) Expected Volitility  
(ii) Dividend Yield  
(iii) Risk free interest rates  
(iv) Withdrawal rate  
The method used and assumptions
made to incorporate the effects of
expected early exercise
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.43% 
 0% P.a. 
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.44% 
 0% P.a. 
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.44% 
 0% P.a. 
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.65 
 0.00 
 0.06
 0% P.a. 
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.68 
 0.00 
 0.06
 0% P.a. 
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
*For the purpose of calculation of annual volatility, we have considered daily volatility of the Websol Energy System Ltd and KPI Green 
Energy Ltd (Listed Peers) along with India Volatility Index (India Vix) and taken an average of these volatilities assuming 250 trading days 
in a year. It is calculated on basis of the period which commensurate with the remaining time to maturity of the option.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 183 =====
362
(Annual Report 2025-26)
361
st
1  Grant
nd
2  Grant
rd
3  Grant
th
4  Grant
ESOP 2024
st
21  March, 2025 
th
 28  Oct, 2024 
  258.00 
 254.54 
 - 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000.00 
 - 
 50,000.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 09  Sept, 2024 
 258.00 
 254.52 
 - 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,66,500.00 
 - 
 1,66,500.00
 18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
th
 10  July, 2024 
- 
-
- 
 15,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 15,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 18 Months
from vesting
Date  
 3.80 
 NA
 258.00 
 254.58 
 - 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,00,000.00 
 - 
 1,00,000.00
 
18 Months
from vesting
Date 
 3.80 
 NA
At the end of 12 (twelve) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted 
At the end of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 24 (twenty-four) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
At the end of 30 (thirty) months from the date of grant of option: 25 % of the options granted
The Exercise period in respect of an exercise of option shall be a period of 18 (Eighteen) months
from the date of vesting of option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
Date of Grant  
Share Price on date of Grant    
Average Fair Value on date of Grant    
Outstanding as on April 1, 2024    
Granted during the year    
Transfer in     
Transfer out    
Forfeited during the period    
Lapsed during the period    
Exercised during the period    
Outstanding as on March 31, 2025    
Vested outstanding options    
Unvested outstanding options
Vesting Period
Exercise Period 
 
Weighted Average remaining contract life  
Exercise Price  
Weighted average share price for shares excercised during the year
Description of the method and signiﬁcant assumptions used
during the year to estimate the fair value of the options including
the following assumptions
(i) Expected Volitility  
(ii) Dividend Yield  
(iii) Risk free interest rates  
(iv) Withdrawal rate  
The method used and assumptions made to incorporate the
effects of expected early exercise
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
  Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.43% 
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.44% 
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
 0.67 
 0.00 
 6.44% 
 -
 Black Scholes
Option pricing
model
*For the purpose of calculation of annual volatility, we have considered daily volatility of the Websol Energy System Ltd and KPI Green 
Energy Ltd (Listed Peers) along with India Volatility Index (India Vix) and taken an average of these volatilities assuming 250 trading days 
in a year. It is calculated on basis of the period which commensurate with the remaining time to maturity of the option.
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
The fair value 
of options has 
been 
calculated by 
using Black 
Schole's 
Method. The 
assumptions 
used in the 
above are:
i. Dividend 
Yield
ii. Risk free 
Interest 
rates
Note No. 44:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 107 ‘Financial instrument disclosure
(A) Capital management
For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all 
other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company. The primary objective of the 
Company’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains an efﬁcient capital structure and 
healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.
The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in 
economic conditions or its business requirements. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the 
Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue 
new shares. The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio and includes within net debt, 
interest bearing loans and borrowings less Cash and cash equivalents.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
st
 1  April 2024
st
 31  March
2025
st
 31  March
2026
Gross Debt     
Less : Cash and cash equivalents     
Net Debt (A)     
Total Equity (B)     
Gearing Ratio (A/B)
 3,430.76 
 1,752.50 
 1,678.26 
 5,113.68 
 0.33
 2,422.01 
 64.93 
 2,357.08 
 43,568.40 
 0.05
 5,186.38 
 192.41 
 4,993.98 
 44,185.98 
 0.11
(B) Financial risk management
The Company’s principal ﬁnancial liabilities comprise Borrowings, trade payables and other payables. 
The main purpose of these ﬁnancial liabilities is to ﬁnance the Company’s operations. The Company’s 
principal ﬁnancial assets include trade & other receivables, cash & cash Equivalent, deposits.        
Company is exposed to following risk from the use of its ﬁnancial instrument:        
a. Credit Risk        
b. Liquidity Risk        
c. Market Risk        
d. Foreign Currency Risk        
e. Interest Rate Risk        
The Company’s Financial Risk Management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business 
strategies. The Company’s ﬁnancial risk management is set by the Managing Board.
a.  Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of ﬁnancial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a ﬁnancial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations resulting in a ﬁnancial loss to the Company. Credit 
risk arises principally from trade receivables, loans & advances, cash & cash equivalents and deposits 
with banks and ﬁnancial institutions.
Trade Receivable
Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Company’s established policy, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 7 days to 90 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all 
customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly 
monitored. The Company has no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely 
distributed both economically and geographically.
Other Financial Instruments and Cash & Cash Equivalent
The Company maintain its cash & cash equivalent in current account to meet the day to day 
requirements. Other ﬁnancial instruments are Deposit, Accrued Interest, and Other Receivables. The 
Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the component of the Balance Sheet as of 31st March 
2026, 31st March, 2025, and 1st April, 2024  is the carrying amount as disclosed in Note 12,13 & 8B. 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 184 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
364363
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 31st March 2026 
Trade Receivables 4,885.0523.6760.05163.444,588.6526.8422.41
Total 22.41 26.84 4,588.65 163.44 60.05 23.67 4,885.05
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 31st March 2025 
Trade Receivables 3,211.6123.6742.4727.5878.741,881.821,157.33
Total 1,157.33 1,881.82 78.74 27.58 42.47 23.67 3,211.61
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years6 months -
1 year
Less than
6 monthsUndue
As at 1st April 2024 
Trade Receivables 1,463.4038.1625.2212.77127.521,259.73-
Total - 1,259.73 127.52 12.77 25.22 38.16 1,463.40
b.  Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difﬁculty in meeting the obligations 
associated with its ﬁnancial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another ﬁnancial asset. The 
Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufﬁcient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, 
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.
The table below summarises the maturity proﬁle of the Company’s ﬁnancial liabilities based on 
contractual undiscounted payments: 
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 31st March 2026
Term Loans*
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand)
Trade Payables
Other Financial Liabilities
Lease Liability
 3,714.58 
 1,471.80 
3,884.10 
 8.48 
 1,464.92
 2,743.30 
 -   
-   
 -   
 1,234.08
 344.26 
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 77.24
 337.51 
 -   
 
-   
 7.16 
 74.59
 289.51 
 -   
 
3,884.10 
 1.33 
 79.01
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
 1,471.80
  -   
 -   
 -
Total 1,471.80 - 4,253.95 419.26 421.50 3,977.37 10,543.88
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 31st March 2025
Term Loans*
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand)
Trade Payables
Other Financial Liabilities
Lease Liability
 611.00 
 1,811.01 
1,465.55 
 29.91 
 1,095.06
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 802.47
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 100.66
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 15.11 
 99.46
 611.00 
 -   
 
1,465.55 
 14.80 
 92.47
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
 1,811 .01
 
-   
 -   
 -
Total 1,811.01 - 2,183.82 114.57 100.66 802.47 5,012.52
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars TotalMore than
3 years2-3 years1-2 years Less than
1 yearUndueOn Demand
As at 1st April 2024
Term Loans*
Financial Liability (Loans 
Repayable on Demand)
 1,751.60 
 1,679.16
 -   
 -
 -
 -
 644.11
-
 1,107.49 
-
 -   
 -
 -   
 1,679.16
* Includes contractual interest payment based on interest rate previling at the end of reporting period 
over tenure of the borrowings
* Current maturity of long-term borrowings is included in interest bearing borrowing part in above 
note.
* Overdraft or other on demand loan facility, if any available with the Company to be disclosed, to the 
extent undrawn. 
 
c.  Market Risk        
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates 
will affect the Company’s income. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control 
market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting up of policies and procedures to manage market risks 
of the Company. All such transactions are carried out within the guidelines set by the Managing 
Board.
d.  Foreign Currency Risk        
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂows of an exposure will ﬂuctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk on 
certain transactions that are denominated in a currency other than entity’s functional currency, 
hence exposure to exchange rate ﬂuctuations arises. The risk is that the functional currency value of 
cash ﬂows will vary as a result of movements in exchange rates. The company uses forward contracts 
to mitigate its risk from foreign currency ﬂuctuations.        
Derivative instruments and unhedged foreign currency exposure:-        
(i) Derivative outstanding as at the reporting date - Nil       
(ii) Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposure as at the reporting date
Trade Payables
Other Financial Liabilities
Lease Liability
840.28 
 11.84 
 876.54
-   
 -   
616.25
-   
 -   
 90.75
-
 -   
 83.91
840.28 
 11.84 
 85.63
-   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -
Total 1,679.16 - 2,045.24 728.02 90.75 616.25 5,159.42
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Financial Liability     
Trade & other payables 20.057.5410.65
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
1% Appreciation in INR
Impact on Equity
Impact on P&L
1% Depreciation in INR
Impact on Equity
Impact on P&L
 0.20 
 0.20 
 (0.20)
 (0.20)
 0.08 
 0.08 
 (0.08)
 (0.08)
 0.11 
 0.11 
 (0.11)
 (0.11)
Foreign Currency sensitivity
The Company’s investment consists of investments in non traded (Un-quoted) company held for 
purposes other than trading. Such investments held in connection with non-consolidated 
investments represent a low exposure risk for the Company and are not hedged. 
As at 31st, March 2026 Company does not have material exposure to listed or unlisted equity price risk.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 185 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
366365
e.  Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk arises from the sensitivity of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities to changes in market rates 
of interest. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk arising mainly from long term borrowings 
with ﬂoating interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk because the cash ﬂows 
associated with ﬂoating rate borrowings will ﬂuctuate with changes in interest rates. The Company 
manages the interest rate risks by entering into different kinds of loan arrangements with varied 
terms.
At the reporting date the interest rate proﬁle of the Company’s interest-bearing ﬁnancial instruments 
is as follows:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Financial Assets     
Fixed Rate     
Bank Deposit     
Variable Rate Instruments     
Loan Given
 664.87 
 2,113.46
 31,150.63 
 1,356.27
 303.54 
 1,593.52
Total 1,897.06 32,506.90 2,778.33
Financial Liabilities     
Fixed Rate     
External Commercial Borrowing     
Variable Rate Instruments     
Term Loans     
Loan repayable on demand
 1,060.30 
 120.37 
 1,679.16
 597.64 
 13.36 
 1,811.01
 -   
 3,714.58 
 1,471.80
Total 5,186.38 2,422.01 2,859.83
As at March 31,2026, 0.00% of the Company’s Liabilities are at ﬁxed rate of interest (March 31, 2025 : 
24.68%) (April 1, 2024 : 37.08%)       
 
Interest rate sensitivity        
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on 
that portion of loans and borrowings affected. With all other variables held constant, the Company’s 
proﬁt before tax is affected through the impact on ﬂoating rate borrowings, as follows:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0.5% Increase in Rate - Loan repayable on demand
Impact on P&L
0.5% Decrease in Rate - Loan repayable on demand
Impact on P&L
 (8.40)
 8.40
 (9.06)
 9.06
 (7.36)
 7.36
Note No. 45:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 108 ‘ Operating segment
i. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to 
the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) of the Company. The CODM, who is responsible for 
allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identiﬁed as 
the Chief Finance Ofﬁcer of the Company. The Company operates only in one Business Segment i.e. 
“Manufacturing & Trading of Solar Photovoltaic Modules”, hence does not have any reportable 
Segments as per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments”.
ii. Further, from one customer (Insolation Green Energy Limited)  the Company has revenue of  
₹7816.16 Lakhs  (March 31, 2025: 37.16 Crore) which is 79.74% of the total revenue from operations.
iii. Information about Geographical revenue and non-current asset.
Note No. 46:- Disclosure as per Ind AS 113 ‘Fair Value Measurement
Fair Value Hierarchy
This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair values of the 
ﬁnancial instruments that are:-
a. Recognised and measured at fair value and;
b. Measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in ﬁnancial statements. To 
provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Company 
has classiﬁed its ﬁnancial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting standard.
Fair value are categorised into different level in a fair value hierarchy which are as follows:
Level 1  - Level 1 hierarchy includes ﬁnancial instruments measured using quoted prices.
Level 2  - The fair value of ﬁnancial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined 
using valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as 
possible on entity speciﬁc estimates.
Level 3 -  If one or more of the signiﬁcant inputs is not based on observable market data, the 
instrument is included in Level 3 is determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models 
based on discounted cash ﬂow analysis using prices from observable market transactions and dealer 
quotes of similar instruments.
Valuation Techniques used to determine fair values:
(A)  Speciﬁc valuation technique is used to determine the fair value of the ﬁnancial instruments 
which include: 
i. For ﬁnancial instruments other than (ii):- In accordance with generally accepted pricing models 
based on discounted cash ﬂow analysis using prices from observable market transactions and 
dealer quotes of similar instruments.
ii. For ﬁnancial liabilities (domestic currency loans) :- appropriate market borrowing rate of the entity 
as of each balance sheet date used.
(B) Financial Instruments By Category
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Financial Assets:  
Investments  
Loans  
Trade Receivables  
Cash and Cash Equivalents  
Bank balances other than cash and cash  
equivalent  
Other Financial Assets
 500.00 
 2,113.46 
 1,463.40 
 1,752.50 
 629.77 
 
110.46
 243.60 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
 7,585.76 
 1,356.27 
 3,211.61 
 64.93 
 31,132.83 
 
557.44
 327.72 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 38,663.03 
 1,593.52 
 4,885.05 
 192.41 
 6.38 
 326.87
 73.99 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
Total Financial Assets 6,569.59243.6043,908.84327.7245,667.2673.99
st
As at 31  March 2026
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
st
As at 31  March 2025
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
st
As at 31  March 2024
FVTPL Amortized
Cost
Financial Liability:
Borrowings 3,430.76-2,422.01-5,186.38-
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
India      
Outside India
(a) Revenue from operations
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
11,302.35
-
9,802.52
-
(b) All non-current assets of the company are located in India.
Total 9,802.52 11,302.35
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 186 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
368367
Lease Liability  
Trade Payables  
Other Financial Liabilities
 560.36 
 840.28 
 11.84
-
-
-
 622.23 
 1,465.55 
 29.91
-
-
-
 593.87 
 3,884.10 
 8.48
-
-
-
Total Financial Liability 4,843.24-4,539.69-9,672.83-
(Rs in Lakh)
Financial Instrument measured at Fair Value-recurring fair value
measurement
Financial Assets
Investments in Equity Instruments 243.60327.7273.991.00
(C) Fair Value Hierarchy
As at
st
1  April 2024
As at
st
31  March 2026
As at
st
31  March 2025Level
D. Fair value disclosures of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value :        
For ﬁnancial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value, the carrying amount is an 
approximation of fair values.
Note No. 47:- Disclosure as per Ind AS-19, 'Employee beneﬁts :
(A) Deﬁned Contribution Plans
The amount recognized as an expense for deﬁned contribution plans are as under:
B) Deﬁned Beneﬁts Plans
The company has following post employment beneﬁt which are in the nature of deﬁned beneﬁt 
plans:
Gratuity 
The Company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. 
Employees who are in continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount   
of gratuity payable on retirement/termination is the employees last drawn basic salary per month 
computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service.
Movement in Plan Liability
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year
Interest cost
Current service cost
Past service cost
Beneﬁts paid
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 24.11 
 1.81 
 7.37 
 -   
 (9.04)
 1.52
 25.76 
 1.87 
 2.99 
 -   
 (1.48)
 (16.64)
12.50
 0.92 
 3.05 
 -   
 -   
 0.85
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 25.7612.5017.32
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 1.96 
 23.80
 0.85 
 11.65
 2.16 
 15.15
Net Liability 25.7612.5017.32
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss 4.863.97
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
Interest cost      
Current service cost
 1.87 
 2.99
 0.92 
 3.05
 For the year ended
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Amount recognized in other comprehensive income consists of:
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation (16.64)0.85
 For the year ended
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (16.64)0.85
 For the year ended
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (16.64)0.85
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Expected average remaining services
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
The assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.25 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 24.9 years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
0 to 1 Year  
1 to 2 Year  
2 to 3 Year  
3 to 4 Year  
4 to 5 Year  
5 Year onwards
1.96 
0.83 
0.95 
3.59 
0.76 
17.67
0.85 
0.30 
0.40 
0.42 
0.42 
10.12
2.16 
0.64 
0.64 
0.64 
0.63 
12.60
Total 25.7612.5017.32
Expected Maturity analysis for the deﬁned beneﬁt plan in the future years:
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
PV of obligation Gratuity
Discount rate  16.18 
 18.60
 11.63 
 13.49
24.14 
 27.60
18.63 
 16.15
 13.50 
 11.61
27.62 
 24.09
17.55 
 17.06
 12.51 
 12.46
 25.74 
 25.75
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars
Provident fund      
ESI
st
31  March 2025
 9.82 
 3.28
 8.93 
 2.23
Total 13.1011.16
For the year ended
st
31  March 2026
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 187 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
370369
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Amounts in the balance sheet
Current liability
Non-current liabilities
 2.28 
 16.04
 0.61 
 4.54
 0.22 
 1.53
Net Liability 18.325.151.74
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
Senstivity Analysis:
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the deﬁned beneﬁt 
obligation in the event of a decrease/ increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate.
(Rs in Lakh)
Assumptions st
1  April 2024
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Change in
assumption
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
PV of obligation Gratuity
Discount rate 1.63 
 1.87
 4.83 
 5.51
17.22 
 19.56
1.87 
 1.63
 5.52 
 4.82
19.57 
 17.18
 1.76 
 1.72 
 5.19 
 5.11
18.48 
 18.15 
Salary escalation rate
Attrition Rate
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
 Increase by 1% 
 Decrease by 1%
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Change in deﬁned beneﬁt obligations:
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, beginning of the year 
Interest cost 
Current service cost 
Past service cost 
Beneﬁts paid 
Actuarial (gains)/losses
 9.53 
 0.71 
 7.84 
 -   
 (4.95)
 5.18
 18.32 
 1.33 
 1.82 
 -   
 (4.89)
 (11.43)
 5.15 
 0.33 
 1.78 
 -   
 (2.72)
 (2.80)
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation, end of the year 18.325.151.74
Leave Encashment
The Company provides for leave encashment beneﬁt to its employees in India in accordance with the 
Company’s leave policy. Employees are entitled to encash unutilized earned leave at the time of 
retirement, resignation, or termination, subject to the rules of the Company. The liability for leave 
encashment is determined based on actuarial valuation, considering the number of accumulated 
leave days and the last drawn basic salary of the employee. The amount payable is calculated based 
on the unutilized leave balance at the applicable salary rate as on the reporting date.
Movement in Plan Liability
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total expense recognized in Proﬁt or Loss (8.28)(0.68)
Total amount recognized in Proﬁt or Loss consists of:
 For the year ended
Interest cost      
Current service cost      
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Obligation
 1.33 
 1.82 
 (11.43)
 0.33 
 1.78 
 (2.80)
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on obligation Consists
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (11.43)(2.80)
 For the year ended
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (11.43)(2.80)
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Discount rate
Mortality
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees
Expected average remaining services
Retirement age
Employee attrition rate
 7.75 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
The assumptions used in accounting for the Leave Encashment are set out below:
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 26 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
 7.00 % per 
annum 
 IALM 2012-14 
 5.00 % per 
annum 
 24.9 Years 
 58 Years 
 10.00% p.a.
Note No. 48:- Disclosure as required by Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015
(a) Loans and advances in the nature of loans
(i) To Subsidiary Companies
(Rs in Lakh)
Name of the Company
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Maximum amount
outstanding during the
year ended
 1,589.32 
 4.20
 1,356.27
-
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  1,356.271,593.52
st
31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Maximum amount
outstanding during the
year ended
 1,589.32 
 4.20
 1,356.27 
 -
 1,356.271,593.52
(i) Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd    
(ii) MGVJ Green Infra Pvt Ltd
(ii) To Firms/Companies in which directors are interested: Nil
(b) Investment by the loanee in shares of Insolation Energy and its Subsidiaries: Nil
Note No. 49:- Disclosures as per Ind AS 115 'Revenue From Contracts with Customers' 
(i) Disaggregate revenue information
The table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers for the year ended 
March 31, 2026 on the basis of countries from which entity earns its revenue.
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total 11,212.878,821.66
 For the year ended
Revenue on the basis of Geographical area
- Domestic sales
- Export sales
 11,212.87 
 -
 8,821.66 
 -
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Revenue as per Statement of Proﬁt and Loss 11,212.878,821.66
 For the year ended
Revenue as per contract price       
Add/(Less): Incentive, rebates and discounts
 11,212.87 
 -
 8,823.81 
 (2.15)
(ii) Reconciliation of revenue recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss with the
contracted price on account of adjustments made to the contract price:
(iii) Disclosure of contract balances (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Trade receivables     
Contract Liabilities     
   - Advance from customers
1,463.40 
 120.30
3,211.61 
 382.79
 4,885.05 
 177.19
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 188 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
372371
Note No. 53:- Disclosure required as per Ind AS 23 "Borrowing Costs”
The amount of interest capitalised during the year is Rs. 26.02 Lakh.(PY:  Rs.- 4.11 Lakh)
Note No. 54:- Regrouped, Recast, Reclassiﬁed         
a. All amounts disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest 
Lakhs upto two decimals as per the requirements of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
b. Previous period’s ﬁgures in the ﬁnancial statements, including the notes thereto, have been 
reclassiﬁed wherever required to conﬁrm to the current period’s presentation/classiﬁcation.
Note No. 55:- Ratios
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars st
 31  March 2025
st
31  March 2026
Total revenue from contract with customers 12,265.1910,560.24
 For the year ended
Goods transferred at a point in time
Services transferred at a point in time (Other operating income)
 12,265.19 
 - 
9,681.40 
 878.84
(iv) Timing of revenue recognition
Note No. 50:- Disclosures as per Ind AS 27 'Separate Financial Statement’
(i) Investment in Subsidiary Companies
(Rs in Lakh)
100%
80%
60%
60%
 -   
 -   
 -
 100%
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 India 
 India 
 India 
 India 
 India 
 India 
 India
100%
80%
60%
60%
60%
60%
60%
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
Insolation Green Infra Private Limited
MGVI Green Infra One Pvt Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Two Pvt Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt Ltd
MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt Ltd
Name of Company Country Of
incorporation
Proportion of ownership interest
 As at
st
31  March 2026
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
1  April 2024
S
No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
* Equity investments in subsidiaries is measured at cost as per Ind AS 27 on Separate Financial Statements.
Note No. 51:- Disclosure with regards to Schedule III of  Companies Act, 2013 (Rs in Lakh)
 
1,356.27
-
100%
-
1,589.32 
 4.20
99.74%
0.26%
Borrowings  to Related Party 
- Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd 
- MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited
Name of Company
For the year ended
 Amount Given
/Invested For
Business
Purpose
% Of Total
st
31  March 2025
 Amount Given
/Invested For
Business
Purpose
% Of Total
st
31  March 2026
Total 100%1,356.27100%1,593.52
Note No. 52:- Disclosure with regards to Section 186 of Companies Act, 2013
Amount Outstanding as on 31st March 2026 (Rs in Lakh)
Particulars  As at
st
1  April 2024
 As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
Loan Given  
Guarantee Given 
Investments Made
 2,113.46 
 7,567.00
 743.60
 1,356.27 
 9,968.00
 7,913.48
 1,593.52 
 1,57,772.00
 38,737.02
Loans, Guarantees given or Investments made during the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 (Rs in Lakh)
Name of Entity
Particulars
of Loans,
Guarantees
given or
Investments
made
Purpose for
which the
loans,
guarantees &
investments
are proposed
to be utilised
Relation
Transaction
during the
year
MGVI Green Infra Three Pvt. Ltd.    
MGVI Green Infra Four Pvt. Ltd.    
MGVI Green Infra Five Pvt. Ltd.    
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd.    
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd    
MGVJ Green Infra Private Limited    
Insolation Green Energy Pvt Ltd
Step Down Subsidiary
 Subsidiary Company 
 Step Down Subsidiary
 Subsidiary Company
 0.60 
 0.60 
 0.60 
 31,075.47 
 -   
 4.20 
  1,47,804.00
Investment
in Equity
Shares
Loan
Guarentee
Given 
Business
Purpose
Business
Purpose
Business
Purpose
(Rs in Lakh)
Particulars Reason for
Variation
Current Ratio Due to decrease 
in current assets
Variation
(80.71)%
8.43
 37,732.67 
 4,476.83
1.63
 9,781.00 
 6,015.84
Numerator/Denominator  As at
st
31  March 2025
 As at
st
31  March 2026
S.
No.
Current Assets  
Current Liabilites
In_Times
A
Debt / Equity Ratio Due to increase 
in borrowings
111.14%
0.06
2,422.01 
 43,568.40
0.12
5,186.38 
 44,185.98
Total Debt    
Equity
In_Times
B
Debt Service Coverage Ratio Due to increase 
in proﬁt
102.69%
0.75
1,133.10 
 1,512.35
1.52
 1,512.81 
 996.18
Earning available for Debt Service  
Debt Service
In_Times
C
Return on Equity 49.04%
1.09
475.22 
 43,568.40
1.63
718.33 
 44,185.98
Earnings after Tax   
Equity
In_%
D
Inventory Turnover Ratio Due to decrease in 
cost of goods sold
(12.90)%
6.00
11,302.35 
 1,883.16
5.23
 9,802.52 
 1,875.18
Revenue From Operations  
Average Inventory
In_Times
E
Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio Due to increase in 
trade receivables
(49.92)%
4.84
11,302.35 
 2,337.51
2.42
9,802.52 
 4,048.33
Revenue From Operations  
Average Trade Receivables
In_Times
F
Trade Payable Turnover Ratio Due to increase in 
trade payables
(69.75)%
9.11
10,498.96 
 1,152.91
2.75
7,368.96 
 2,674.82
Net Purchases   
Average Trade Payables
In_Times
G
Net Capital  Turnover Ratio Due to decrease 
in working capital
666.04%
0.34
11,302.35 
 33,255.84
2.60
9,802.52 
 3,765.16
Revenue From Operations  
Working Capital
In_Times
H
Net Proﬁt Ratio Due to increase 
in proﬁt
74.28%
4.20
475.22 
 11,302.35
7.33
718.33 
 9,802.52 
Net Proﬁt/(Loss) after tax  
Revenue From Operations
In_%
I
Return on Capital Employed Due to increase 
in earnings
18.21%
2.09
921.61 
 44,172.36
2.47
1,193.42 
 48,388.65
Earnings before Interest and Tax  
Capital Employed
In_%
J
Return on Investment Due to increase 
in investment
(103.06)%
0.81
34.90 
 
4,328.54
(0.02)
(5.76)
 
23,325.25
Net Gain/(Loss) on sale/fair value 
changes of investments  
Average Investment
In_%
K
Due to increase 
in proﬁt
Note No. 56:-
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has prescribed a new requirement for companies under the 
proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 inserted by the Companies (Accounts) 
Amendment Rules 2021 requiring companies, which uses accounting software for maintaining its 
books of accounts, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 189 =====
(Annual Report 2025-26)
374373
of each and every transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of accounts 
along with the date when such changes were made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be 
disabled.
The company has used such accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a 
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year 
for all transactions recorded in the software and the audit trail feature has not been tampered with 
and the audit trail has been preserved by the company as per the statutory requirements for record 
retention.
Note No. 57:- Other Particulars/Disclosures as required by schedule-III are either Nil or Not 
Applicable.
Note No. 58:- Other Additional Regulatory Information
i. During the year ended March 31, 2026 the Company has not announced any dividend
ii. No proceeding has been initiated, nor any case is pending against the Company for holding any 
benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules 
made thereunder.
iii. The Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial institution or any 
other lender
iv. The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC 
beyond the statutory period.
v. The Company is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of Section 2 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Restriction on number of layers) rules, 2017.
vi. The Company has not traded, nor invested in any Crypto currency or virtual currency during the 
year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
vii.During the period, the Company has not advanced or given any loan or invested funds to any other 
persons or entities, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that 
Intermediary shall: (a) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identiﬁed in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) or (b) Provide any 
guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries
viii.During the period, the Company has not received any fund from any persons or entities, including 
foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise) that Company shall: (a) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identiﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneﬁciaries) 
or (b) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneﬁciaries.
ix. There is no Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of 
sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 during the Year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 
2025.
x. The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that 
has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961.
xi. The Company has no outstanding balances with the struck off companies.
Material Accounting Policies (Note No.1-3), Notes on Accounts and other disclosures from Note 
No. 4 to 58 forming part of these ﬁnancial statements.
For and on behalf of the Board of
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
In terms of our Audit Report of even date 
 For BADAYA & CO
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 006395C
Place: Jaipur
Date: 25.05.2026
UDIN: 26462343EULEBN8768
(Vikas Jain)
Managing Director
DIN: 00812760
(Manish Gupta)
Chairman &
Whole Time Director
DIN: 02917023
(Ravi Duasd)
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
(Nitesh Sharma)
Company Secretary
(Aman Sharma)
Partner
M. No. 462343
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 190 =====
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
375 376
(Annual Report 2025-26)
TH
NOTICE OF 11  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED
CIN: L40104RJ2015PLC048445
Regd. Ofﬁce: C-02, New Aatish Market Extension, Mansarovar, Jaipur - 302020, Rajasthan, India
Tel.: +91 -141- 2996001 website: https://insolationenergy.in/ Email id: cs@insolationenergy.in
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE 11TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (‘AGM’) OF THE MEMBERS 
OF INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED (‘THE COMPANY’) WILL BE HELD ON MONDAY, THE 28TH DAY 
OF SEPTEMBER, 2026 AT 3:00 P.M. THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING (‘VC’)/OTHER AUDIO-
VISUAL MEANS (‘OAVM’), TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESSES:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
Item No. 1: To receive, consider and adopt the: 
a) Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 
2026 together with the reports of the Board of Directors and Statutory Auditors thereon; and
b) Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st 
March, 2026 together with the report of Statutory Auditors thereon.
Item No. 2: To appoint a director in place of Mrs. Ekta Jain (DIN: 09409513), who retires by rotation 
and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment.
Item No. 3: To appoint a director in place of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023), who retires by 
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
Item No. 4: To appoint M/s. ARS & Company, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration Number: 
009406C) as Statutory Auditors of the Company in place of the retiring Auditors M/s. Badaya & 
Co., Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 006395C) and to ﬁx their Remuneration.
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 139, 142 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, (including any 
statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and on the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, M/s. ARS & 
Company, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 009406C), be and are hereby 
appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company in place of M/s Badaya & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 006395C) (the retiring Auditors) for a term of 5 (ﬁve) 
consecutive years to hold ofﬁce from the conclusion of this 11th Annual General Meeting till the 
conclusion of the 16th Annual General Meeting of the company, to be held in the year 2031 (period of 
accounts from 01.04.2026 to 31.03.2031) at a remuneration of Rs. 12,00,000/- (Rupees Twelve Lakh Only) 
plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of pocket expenses for the year 2026-27, and for 
subsequent years, as may be mutually agreed between the Board and the Statutory Auditors from 
time to time.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to 
do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
Item No. 5: To ratify the remuneration payable to Cost Auditors of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year 2026-27
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the Companies 
(Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force), the remuneration of Rs. 25,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five Thousand Only) plus 
applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the audit, payable 
to M/s. Deepak Mittal & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No: 003076), who have been 
appointed by the Board of Directors as the Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct the audit of the 
cost records of the Company for the ﬁnancial year ending on 31st March, 2027, be and is hereby 
ratiﬁed.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby authorized to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give 
effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 6: Re-appointment of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) as Whole Time Director, 
designated as Chairman of the Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years
To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V 
and other provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, 
(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), and 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Manish Gupta 
(DIN: 02917023) as Whole Time Director, designated as Chairman of the Company, for a further period 
of 5 (ﬁve) years, from 15th December, 2026 to 14th December, 2031, on such terms and conditions as 
speciﬁed in the Explanatory Statement annexed  to the Notice convening this Meeting.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as Whole Time Director, he will be liable to retire by rotation u/s 152(6) of 
the Companies Act, 2013, however, if re-appointed as Director immediately on retirement by rotation, 
he will continue to hold his ofﬁce of Whole Time Director and such re-appointment as Director shall 
not be deemed to constitute a break in his appointment as Whole Time Director.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to necessary approvals, the Board of Directors of the Company, 
be and is hereby authorized to alter, vary, modify the aforesaid terms and conditions of re-
appointment including remuneration (if any), subject to applicable provisions, for the time being in 
force.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, things and take all such steps as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 7: Re-appointment of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) as Managing Director of the 
===== PAGE 191 =====
377 378
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years
To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V 
and other provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, 
(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), and 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 
00812760) as Managing Director of the Company, for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years, from 15th 
December, 2026 to 14th December, 2031, on such terms and conditions as speciﬁed in the Explanatory 
Statement annexed  to the Notice convening this Meeting. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as Managing Director, he will be liable to retire by rotation u/s 152(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, however, if re-appointed as Director immediately on retirement by rotation, he 
will continue to hold his ofﬁce of Managing Director and such re-appointment as Director shall not be 
deemed to constitute a break in his appointment as Managing Director.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to necessary approvals, the Board of Directors of the Company, 
be and is hereby authorized to alter, vary, modify the aforesaid terms & conditions of re-appointment 
including remuneration (if any), subject to applicable provisions, for the time being in force.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, things and take all such steps as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 8: Authorization for Charge/Hypothecation/Mortgage/Lien on the assets of the 
Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 upto Rs. 5000 crores (Rupees Five 
Thousand Crores Only)
To consider, and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following resolution as an Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT in modiﬁcation of the earlier resolution(s) passed in this regard and pursuant to 
Section 180(1)(a) and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), applicable regulations framed by Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, read with the applicable rules or regulations framed thereunder, the 
consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of 
Directors of the Company for creation of Charge/ hypothecation/ pledge/ mortgage/ security in 
addition to existing mortgages/ charges created by the Company, if any in such form and manner and 
with such ranking and at such time and on such terms as the Board may determine, on all or any of 
the movable and / or immovable properties, tangible and / or intangible assets of the Company, both 
present and future and / or the whole or any part of the undertaking(s) of the Company, as the case 
may be in favour of the bank(s), ﬁnancials institution(s), lender(s), other investing agency(ies), 
trustee(ies) for securing the borrowings availed / to be availed by the Company or any other body 
corporate or any other person by way of loans and securities, issued / to be issued by the Company 
subject to an overall borrowing limit of Rs. 5,000 Crores (Rupees Five Thousand Crores only).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to 
do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution.”
By order of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITEDfor 
Sd-/
Nitesh Sharma
Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer
ACS: 66702
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 192 =====
379 380
(Annual Report 2025-26)
NOTES:
1. The 11th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company is convened through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) pursuant to General Circular numbers 
14/2020, 17/2020, 20/2020, 02/2021, 19/2021, 02/2022, 10/2022, 09/ 2023, 09/2024 and 03/2025 dated 
8th April, 2020, 13th April, 2020, 5th May, 2020, 13th January 2021, 8th December 2021, 5th May, 2022, 
28th December 2022, 25th September, 2023, 19th September, 2024 and 22nd September, 2025 
respectively, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) (collectively referred to as “MCA 
Circulars”) and Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") vide Circular Nos. 
S E B I / H O / C F D / C M D 1 / C I R / P / 2 0 2 0 / 7 9 ,  S E B I / H O / C F D / C M D 2 /  C I R / P / 2 0 2 1 / 1 1 , 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62,SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/4, SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-POD-
2/P/ CIR/2023/167 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 12th May, 2020, 15th 
January, 2021, 13th May, 2022, 5th January, 2023, 7th October, 2023 and 3rd October, 2024 
respectively ("collectively referred to as SEBI Circulars") have permitted holding of the AGM by 
corporates through Video Conferencing ("VC") or through other audio-visual means ("OAVM"), 
without physical presence of the Members at a venue. In compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act"), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the ensuing AGM of 
the Company will be held through VC/OAVM. Hence, Members can attend and participate in the 
ensuing AGM through VC/OAVM. The deemed venue for the 11th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company shall be the Registered Ofﬁce of the Company. The detailed procedure for participating 
in the said AGM through VC/ OAVM is given below in the e-voting instructions.
2. Explanatory Statements pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, setting out the 
material facts concerning each item of Special Business to be transacted at the Annual General 
Meeting ("AGM") is annexed hereto and forms part of the Notice Information on Directors 
proposed to be appointed/re-appointed at the AGM as required under Regulation 36 (3) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("SS-2") are 
provided in the Annexure - A to this Notice.
3. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of 
Listing Regulations (as amended) MCA Circulars and SS-2 on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), the Company is providing facility of remote 
evoting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, 
the Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of 
casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date of the 
AGM will be provided by NSDL. The instructions for remote e-voting are provided as part of this 
Notice, which the Members are requested to read carefully before casting their vote.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) is also entitled to 
appoint a proxy to attend and vote on a poll instead of himself/herself and the proxy need not be a 
member of the company. Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM pursuant to the MCA 
Circulars, physical attendance of members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxy by the members will not be available for the AGM and hence, the Proxy 
Form, Attendance Slip and Route Map of the AGM are not annexed to this notice. However, in 
pursuance of Section 112 and Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, representatives of the 
members such as the President of India or the Governor of a State or body corporate can attend 
the AGM through VC/OAVM and cast their votes through e-voting.
5. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
6. Institutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals/HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to 
send a scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing body Resolution/Authorization 
etc. authorizing its representative to attend the AGM through VC /OAVM on its behalf and to vote 
through remote e-voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by 
email at ppincha@gmail.com with a copy marked to the registered email address of the Company 
at cs@Insolationenergy.in
7. The voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to their shareholding of the paid-up share 
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date for e-voting i.e. Monday, 21st September, 2026. Any 
person/entity, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a member after sending notice 
of this AGM and holding shares of the Company as on cut-off date for e-voting i.e. Monday, 21st 
September, 2026, may refer to this notice and other relevant communication including remote e-
voting instructions, hosted on the Company’s website https://insolationenergy.in/
8. The members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the notice. 
The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available to at least 1000 
members on ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders 
holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM 
without restriction on account of ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis.
9. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, E-
mail address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, 
nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs.
10. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in the securities market. Members are, therefore, requested to 
submit their PAN details to their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts
11. Members are requested to contact the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agent Bigshare 
Services Private Limited (“Bigshare” or “Registrar & Share Transfer Agent”) having address at 
Ofﬁce No. S6-2, 6th ﬂoor Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, 
A n d h e r i  ( E a s t )  M u m b a i  -  4 0 0 0 9 3 ,  I n d i a ;  Te l . :  ( 0 2 2 )  6 2 6 3 8 2 0 0  E m a i l  i d : 
admission@bigshareonline.com; Website: https://www.bigshareonline.com/ for reply to their 
queries/redressal of complaints, if any, or contact +91 -141-4019103 at the Registered Ofﬁce of the 
Company (Phone No.: +91 -141-2996001; Email:  cs@insolationenergy.in 
12. Members who have not yet registered their email addresses are requested to register the same 
with their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and with Bigshare Services 
Private Limited in case the shares are held by them in physical form. 
13. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars Notice of the AGM along with 
the Annual Report for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those Members whose email addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories unless any 
member has requested for a physical copy of the same. However, in case a member wishes to 
receive a physical copy of the Annual Report, he/she is requested to send an email to  
cs@insolationenergy.in duly quoting his/her DP ID and Client ID or the folio number, as the case 
may be. The members are requested to kindly register/update their email address and contact 
details with your Depository Participant. 
14. Members may note that the Notice and Annual Report for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26 is also made 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 193 =====
381 382
(Annual Report 2025-26)
available on the Company’s website https://insolationenergy.in/investors, website of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. Bombay Stock Exchange https://www.bseindia.com/, National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited at https: //www.nseindia.com/  and on the website of NSDL i.e., 
https://evoting.nsdl.com/
15. The Cut-off date for determining the names of shareholders eligible to get Notice of Annual 
General Meeting is Monday, 21st September, 2026.
16. Members can avail the facility of nomination in respect of shares held by them pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 72 of the Act read with Rule 19(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014. Members desiring to avail this facility may contact their respective DPs 
for recording their Nomination
17. Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple folios in identical names or joint names in 
the same order of names are requested to send the share certiﬁcates to the Company’s Registrar 
& Share Transfer Agent for consolidation into a single folio. 
18. Members desirous of obtaining any information/clariﬁcation relating to the accounts are 
requested to submit their query in writing to the Company at cs@insolationenergy.in at least 
seven days before the date of AGM so as to enable the Management to keep the information 
ready.
19. The Company complies with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, has 
appointed Mr. Akshit Kumar Jangid (Membership No. F11285) Practicing Company Secretary, as 
the Scrutinizer for conducting the voting through remote e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner at the 11th AGM of the Company.
20. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, unblock the votes 
cast through e-Voting (i.e. votes cast during the AGM and votes cast through Remote e-Voting) 
and will submit a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour, against, 
abstained, if any, to the Chairman or any person authorized by him, who shall countersign            
the same. The Results of voting will be declared within two working days from the               
conclusion of the AGM. The declared Results, along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will                       
be submitted with the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/, National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at https://www.nseindia.com/ shall also be displayed on the 
Company’s website  https://insolationenergy.in/investors and on the website of National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) at https://evoting.nsdl.com/ . The result will also be displayed 
on the notice board of the Company at its Registered Ofﬁce.
21. The SEBI vide Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated 30th December, 
2024, SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 dated 31st July, 2023, SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-
1/P/CIR/2023/ 145 dated 31st July, 2023 updated as on 11th August , 2023 and 
SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/135 dated 4th August, 2023 read with Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated 31st July, 2023, has established a common 
Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) for resolution of disputes arising in the Indian 
Securities Market. Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI circulars, post exhausting the option to resolve 
their grievances with the RTA/Company directly and through the existing SCORES platform, the 
investors can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal https://smartodr.in/login .
22. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their Shareholding, maintained 
under Section 170 of the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors 
are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be available for inspection through 
electronic means by the Members during the AGM. All the relevant documents referred to in the 
accompanying Notice and the Explanatory Statement will be open for inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Ofﬁce of the Company during working hours on all working days, 
except Saturdays, Sundays and National Holidays between 11:00 A.M. and 1:00 P.M. upto the date of 
the Annual General Meeting and will be available for inspection through electronic means by the 
Members during the AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email at 
cs@insolationenergy.in with subject line “Inspection of Documents”, mentioning their name, DP 
ID and Client ID and documents they wish to inspect.
23. Members are requested to quote their Folio No./Demat Account No. and contact details such as e-
mail address, contact no. etc. in all their correspondence with the Company/RTA.
24. The remote e-voting period begins at 9:00 A.M. (IST) on Wednesday, 23rd September, 2026 and 
ends at 5:00 P.M. (IST)on Sunday, 27th September, 2026. During this period, members holding 
shares either in physical or dematerialized form, as on cut-off date, i.e. Monday, 21st September, 
2026 may cast their votes electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled thereafter. Any 
person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a member of the Company after 
dispatch of the notice of 11th AGM and holds shares as on the cut-off date i.e. Monday, 21st 
September, 2026, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
cs@insolationenergy.in . However, if a member is already registered with the NSDL for e-voting, 
then he/she can use the existing user id and password for casting the vote. Shareholders who have 
already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue.
25. Regulation 12 read with Schedule I of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 requires all companies to use the facilities of Electronic Clearing Services for the 
payment of dividend. In compliance with these regulations, payment of dividend will be made 
only by electronic mode directly into the registered bank account of Members.
26. The members holding shares in demat mode, please update your Electronic Bank Mandate 
through your Depository Participant(s).
27. Members desiring to claim dividends, which remained unclaimed, are requested to correspond 
with the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent viz. Bigshare Services Private Limited for 
further processing. Members are requested to note that dividends not encashed or claimed 
within seven years from the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account, will, be 
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF). Shares on which dividend 
remains unclaimed for seven consecutive years shall be transferred to the IEPF as per Section 124 
of the Act, read with applicable IEPF rules.
28. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020,           
t h e  N o t i ce  c a l l i n g  t h e  AG M  h a s  b e e n  u p l oa d e d  o n  t h e  Co m pa ny ’s  we b s i te 
https://insolationenergy.in/investors , website of the Stock Exchanges i.e. Bombay Stock 
Exchange https://www.bseindia.com/ , National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
https://www.nseindia.com/and on the website of NSDL i.e., https://evoting.nsdl.com/ .
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 194 =====
383 384
(Annual Report 2025-26)
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING 
ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins at 9:00 A.M. (IST) on Wednesday, 23rd September, 2026 and 
ends at 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Sunday, 27th September, 2026. The remote e-voting module shall be 
disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / Beneﬁcial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Monday, 21st September, 
2026, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to 
their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 
Monday, 21st September, 2026.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
(A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-
Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login Method
1. For OTP based login you can click on
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-
digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Veriﬁcation code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneﬁcial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Veriﬁcation 
Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
Type of shareholders
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
NSDL Mobile App is available on
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id 
and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website 
directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in 
the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to 
see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository 
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants
Helpdesk detailsLogin type
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 195 =====
385 386
(Annual Report 2025-26)
(B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Veriﬁcation 
Code as shown on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN,your 
name and your registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-
Voting system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal:
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Conﬁrm” when 
prompted.
5. Upon conﬁrmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
conﬁrmation page.
7. Once you conﬁrm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to ppincha@gmail.comwith a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password conﬁdential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon ﬁve 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
Your User ID is:Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID For example if your DP ID is 
In300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company For 
example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***.
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.
16 Digit Beneﬁciary ID For example if your Beneﬁciary ID is 12************** 
then your user ID is 12**************.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the ﬁrst time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need 
to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf ﬁle. Open the .pdf 
ﬁle. The password to open the .pdf ﬁle is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits 
of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf ﬁle 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 196 =====
387 388
(Annual Report 2025-26)
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 7 days prior to the meeting 
mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email ID, mobile number at 
cs@Insolationenergy.in. The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have 
queries may send their queries in advance 7 days prior to the meeting mentioning their name, 
demat account number/folio number, email ID and mobile number at cs@Insolationenergy.in. 
These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.
6. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express 
their views/ask questions during the meeting.
or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Ofﬁcial) at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certiﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (Company email id).
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneﬁciary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to (Company 
email id). If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and 
joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER: -
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-
Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL 
e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” 
menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the 
EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID 
and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by 
following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 197 =====
389 390
(Annual Report 2025-26)
applicable goods and services tax (GST) and out of pocket expenses, if any, in connection with the Cost 
Audit.
In accordance with Section 148(3) of the Act, read with the Rules, the remuneration payable to the 
Cost Auditors, as recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, is 
required to be ratiﬁed by the Members of the Company.
Accordingly, the approval of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out in 
Item No. 5 of the Notice for ratiﬁcation of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for Financial 
Year 2026-27.
The Board has disclosed all the related information and to the best of their understanding, no other 
information and facts are required to be disclosed that may enable members to understand the 
meaning, scope and implications of the agenda item and to take a decision thereon.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned 
or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. The Board of Directors recommends the 
Ordinary Resolution set out at item no. 5 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 6: Re-appointment of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) as Whole Time Director, 
designated as Chairman of the Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years
The Members of the Company, at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 24th December 2021, 
approved the appointment of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) as the Whole-time Director, 
designated as Chairman of the Company, for a period of ﬁve (5) years commencing from 15th 
December, 2021 and ending on 14th December, 2026.
Accordingly, the present tenure of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) as Whole-time Director 
designated as Chairman of the company shall expire on 14th December 2026. Under the stewardship 
of Mr. Manish Gupta, Company has made considerable growth. The Solar Module Manufacturing 
Capacity of the Insolation group has increased from 80 MW to 5.5 GW in the year 2025-26. The 
turnover of the Company has crossed Rs. 2163.52 Crore mark.
The brief proﬁle of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) is given below: -
Mr. Manish Gupta, aged 49 years, is a B.Tech. (Production Engineering) graduate from North 
Maharashtra University, Jalgaon and is the Promoter of the Company. He has over 27 years of rich 
experience in manufacturing, business strategy, project management and the renewable energy 
sector. Under his leadership, the Company has witnessed signiﬁcant operational and ﬁnancial 
growth and has emerged as one of the leading solar module manufacturers in India.
Mr. Manish Gupta has also held leadership positions in various industry and trade associations and 
continues to actively contribute to the promotion of the renewable energy sector and industrial 
development.
Considering his leadership, extensive industry experience, strategic vision and signiﬁcant 
contribution towards the growth and expansion of the Company, the Board of Directors of the 
Company in its meeting held on 12th August, 2026 on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, reappointed Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) as the Whole-time 
Director, designated as Chairman of the Company for further period of 5 years w.e.f. 15th December, 
2026 on the following terms & conditions as to remuneration and subject to approval of members of 
the Company:
 EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TO BE ANNEXED TO THE NOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
As required under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the following explanatory statement 
sets out all material facts relating to the businesses mentioned under Item Nos. (4) to (8) of the 
accompanying notice:
Item No. 4: To appoint M/s. ARS & Company, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration Number: 
009406C) as Statutory Auditors of the Company in place of the retiring Auditors M/s. Badaya & 
Co., Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 006395C) and to ﬁx their Remuneration
M/s. Badaya & Co., Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 006395C) were appointed as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years to hold ofﬁce from the conclusion of 
6th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the members of the Company till the conclusion of the 11th 
AGM (period of accounts from 01.04.2021 to 31.03.2026). Accordingly, their present term gets 
completed on conclusion of this 11th AGM. 
The Audit Committee after having considered various factors such as independence, industry 
experience, technical skills, audit team etc. has recommended to the Board for appointment of M/s. 
ARS & Company, Chartered Accountants as the Statutory Auditors of the Company.
The Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, has 
approved the appointment of M/s. ARS & Company, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
Number: 009406C) as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years 
i.e., from the conclusion of this 11th AGM till the conclusion of 16th AGM of the company, to be held in 
the year 2031, (period of accounts from 01.04.2026 to 31.03.2031) subject to the approval of the 
Members of the Company.
Further, in terms of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder, the 
Company has received the written consent and a certiﬁcate from M/s. ARS & Company, Chartered 
Accountants that they satisfy the criteria provided under section 141 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
that the appointment, if made, shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder. As required under Listing Regulations, M/s. ARS & 
Company, has conﬁrmed that they hold a valid certiﬁcate issued by the Peer Review Board of Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).
The Board has disclosed all the related information and to the best of their understanding, no other 
information and facts are required to be disclosed that may enable members to understand the 
meaning, scope and implications of the agenda item and to take a decision thereon.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned 
or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. The Board of Directors recommends the 
Ordinary Resolution set out at item no. 4 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 5: To ratify the remuneration payable to Cost Auditors of the Company for the ﬁnancial 
year 2026-27
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the act”) read with the 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”), as amended from time to time, the 
Company is required to have an audit conducted of its cost records by a cost accountant in practice for 
products covered under the Rules. On the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of 
Directors, has approved the re-appointment of M/s. Deepak Mittal & Co., Cost Accountants (bearing 
Firm Registration No: 003076) to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the 
ﬁnancial year 2026-27 at remuneration of Rs. 25,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five Thousand Only) plus 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 198 =====
391 392
(Annual Report 2025-26)
and is one of the founding Directors of the Company. With over two decades of rich experience in 
manufacturing, operations, technology development, business strategy and the renewable energy 
sector, Mr. Vikas Jain has played a pivotal role in shaping the growth journey of Insolation Energy 
Limited.
Under his leadership, the Company has established itself as a quality-driven enterprise with strong 
manufacturing capabilities, technological advancement, operational excellence and continuous 
capacity expansion. His deep understanding of technology trends and industry dynamics in the solar 
sector has contributed signiﬁcantly towards strengthening the Company's position in the renewable 
energy industry.
Apart from his professional contribution, Mr. Vikas Jain actively participates in various social and 
community development initiatives and supports causes relating to education, food distribution and 
care for the underprivileged. He also promotes a healthy lifestyle and actively participates in running 
events and marathons.
Considering his leadership, extensive industry experience, strategic vision and signiﬁcant 
contribution towards the growth and expansion of the Company, the Board of Directors of the 
Company in its meeting held on 12th August, 2026 on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, reappointed Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) Managing Director of the 
Company for further period of 5 years w.e.f. 15th December, 2026 on the following terms & conditions 
as to remuneration and subject to approval of members of the Company :-
1. Period of Appointment: Five (5) years commencing from 15th December 2026 to 14th 
December 2031.
2. Designation: Managing Director.
3. Remuneration: As may be decided by the Board from time to time, subject to necessary 
approval, if any. 
Further, Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) is also the Managing director in the wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Insolation energy limited i.e. Insolation Green Energy Private Limited (“IGEPL”) and has already been 
receiving the remuneration of Rs. 3 Crore per annum, bonus and such other beneﬁt as may be 
approved from time to time.
The Company has received declaration from Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) stating that he is not 
disqualiﬁed from being re-appointed as the Managing Director of the Company, in terms of Section 
164 of the Act and consent to continue to act as Managing Director of the Company. Mr. Vikas Jain 
(DIN: 00812760) is not debarred to hold the ofﬁce of a Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or 
any other authority.
Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760), being appointee and Mrs. Ekta Jain (DIN: 09409513) being the spouse 
of the appointee are considered as interested in the resolution. 
Except the above, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives 
are concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the 
Notice. 
The Board has disclosed all related information and, to the best understanding of the Board of 
Directors, no other information or facts are required to be disclosed that may enable Members to 
understand the meaning, scope and implications of this agenda item.
1. Period of Appointment: Five (5) years commencing from 15th December 2026 to 14th 
December 2031.
2. Designation: Whole-time Director, designated as Chairman.
3. Remuneration: As may be decided by the Board from time to time, subject to necessary 
approval, if any.
Further, Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) is also the Joint Managing director in the wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Insolation energy limited i.e. Insolation Green Energy Private Limited (“IGEPL”) and has 
already been receiving the remuneration of Rs. 3 Crore per annum, bonus and such other beneﬁt as 
may be approved from time to time.
 
The Company has received declaration from Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) stating that he is not 
disqualiﬁed from being re-appointed as the Whole-time Director, designated as Chairman of the 
Company, in terms of Section 164 of the Act and consent to continue to act as Whole-time Director, 
designated as Chairman of the Company. Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023) is not debarred to hold 
the ofﬁce of a Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority.
Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 02917023), being appointee and Mrs. Payal Gupta (DIN: 09353350) being the 
spouse of the appointee are considered as interested in the resolution. 
Except the above, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives 
are concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the 
Notice. 
The Board has disclosed all related information and, to the best understanding of the Board of 
Directors, no other information or facts are required to be disclosed that may enable Members to 
understand the meaning, scope and implications of this agenda item.
The Board of Directors recommends the ordinary Resolution set out at item No. 6 of the Notice for 
approval by the Members.
Additional information as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 and other applicable 
provisions is enclosed as herewith as Annexure – A.
Item No. 7: Re-appointment of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) as Managing Director of the 
Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years
The Members of the Company, at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 24th December 2021, 
approved the appointment of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) as Managing Director of the Company, 
for a period of ﬁve (5) years commencing from 15th December, 2021 and ending on 14th December, 
2026.
Accordingly, the present tenure of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) as Managing Director shall expire on 
14th December 2026. Under the stewardship of Mr. Vikas Jain, Company has made considerable 
growth. The Solar Module Manufacturing Capacity of the Insolation group has increased from 80 MW 
to 5.5 GW in the year 2025-26. The turnover of the Company has crossed Rs. 2163.52 Crore mark.
The brief proﬁle of Mr. Vikas Jain (DIN: 00812760) is given below: -
Mr. Vikas Jain, aged 49 years, is a B.Tech. graduate in Production Engineering from North Maharashtra 
University, Jalgaon. He has been associated with the Company since its incorporation in March 2015 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 199 =====
393 394
(Annual Report 2025-26)
The Board of Directors recommends the ordinary Resolution set out at item No. 7 of the Notice for 
approval by the Members. 
Additional information as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 and other applicable 
provisions is enclosed as herewith as Annexure – A.
Item No. 8: Authorization for Charge/Hypothecation/Mortgage/Lien on the assets of the 
Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 upto Rs. 5000 crores (Rupees Five 
Thousand Crores only):
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Board of 
Directors of a company shall exercise the power to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking of the company or, where the company owns more than 
one undertaking, of the whole or substantially the whole of any of such undertakings, only with the 
consent of the company by way of a Special Resolution.
The Members of the Company, by way of a resolution passed through postal ballot on 28th November, 
2025, authorised the Board of Directors of the Company under section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 
2013 to create charge on properties/assets of the Company to secure the repayments of the 
borrowings up to Rs. 5000 Crores (Rupees Five Thousand Crores only).
Keeping in view the long-term strategic and business objectives of the Company and the ﬁnancing 
requirements of the Company, including its Subsidiary, Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, Step-down 
Subsidiaries, Associate Companies, Joint Ventures, Special Purpose Vehicles (“SPVs”) and/or any other 
body corporate or any other person as may be permitted under applicable law.
In this regard, it is proposed to extend the scope of the existing authorization, without increasing or 
otherwise revising the existing overall borrowing limit of Rs. 5000 Crores, to enable the Company to 
create charge, hypothecation, pledge, mortgage, lien or other security over all or any of its movable 
and/or immovable properties, tangible and/or intangible assets, both present and future, and/or the 
whole or any part of its undertaking(s), in favour of bank(s), ﬁnancials institution(s), lender(s), other 
investing agency(ies), trustee(ies) or any other person(s) or institution(s), for securing the borrowings 
and/or other facilities availed / to be availed by the Company including its Subsidiary, Wholly-Owned 
Subsidiaries, Step-down Subsidiaries, Associate Companies, Joint Ventures, Special Purpose Vehicles 
(“SPVs”) and/or any other body corporate or any other person as may be permitted under applicable 
law.
The Board has disclosed all the related information and to the best of their understanding, no other 
information and facts are required to be disclosed that may enable members to understand the 
meaning, scope and implications of the agenda item and to take a decision thereon.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned 
or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. The Board of Directors recommends the 
Special Resolution set out at item no. 8 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
By order of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITEDfor 
Sd-/
Nitesh Sharma
Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer
ACS: 66702
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO ITEM NO. 2, 3, 6 & 7 OF THE NOTICE 
Information pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Regulations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and Secretarial Standards in respect of 
the directors who are proposed to be appointed/reappointed at the 11th Annual General Meeting: -
S.N.
1
Details
Mrs. Ekta Jain
Particulars
Name of the Director Mr. Manish Gupta Mr. Vikas Jain 
2 09409513DIN 02917023 00812760
3 24.12.1976 & 49 yearsDate of Birth and Age 15.06.1977 & 49 years 13.05.1977 & 49 years
4 IndianNationality Indian Indian
5 15.12.2021Date of ﬁrst 
appointment on the 
Board
15.10.2015 15.10.2015
6 Post-graduate in Business 
Management.
Qualiﬁcations B.Tech. graduate in 
Production Engineering from 
North Maharashtra University, 
Jalgaon.
B.Tech. graduate in 
Production Engineering from 
North Maharashtra University, 
Jalgaon.
7 She has completed her post-
graduation in Business 
Management from the 
Institute of Productivity & 
Management, Meerut. She 
has rich and vast experience. 
She is an experienced self 
motivated and driven 
Business and Management 
Professional bringing forth 
valuable industry experience 
and a passion for working 
toward organizational 
advancement. She joined  
Insolation Energy Limited as 
director in the year 2021.
Experience (including 
expertise in speciﬁc 
functional area)/Brief 
Resume
He has over 27 years of rich 
experience in manufacturing, 
business strategy, project 
management and the 
renewable energy sector. 
Under his leadership, the 
Company has witnessed 
signiﬁcant operational and 
ﬁnancial growth and has 
emerged as one of the 
leading solar module 
manufacturers in India.
Mr. Manish Gupta has also 
held leadership positions in 
various industry and trade 
associations and continues to 
actively contribute to the 
promotion of the renewable 
energy sector and industrial 
development.
He has over two decades of 
rich experience in 
manufacturing, operations, 
technology development, 
business strategy and the 
renewable energy sector.
He possess strong 
manufacturing capabilities, 
technological advancement, 
operational excellence and 
continuous capacity 
expansion.
He has deep understanding 
of technology trends and 
industry dynamics in the 
solar sector.
8 Re-appointment in terms of 
Section 152(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Terms and Conditions 
of appointment
Please refer to Item No. 6 of 
the Explanatory Statement of 
the Annual General Meeting 
Notice.
Please refer to Item No. 7 of 
the Explanatory Statement of 
the Annual General Meeting 
Notice.
9 Last remuneration drawn is disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of 
the Annual Report for the ﬁnancial year 2025-26.
Details of 
Remuneration last 
drawn
10 Sitting Fees as approved by 
the Board of Directors from 
time to time.
Details of 
Remuneration sought 
to be paid
As may be decided by the 
Board from time to time, 
subject to necessary 
approval, if any.
As may be decided by the 
Board from time to time, 
subject to necessary 
approval, if any.
11 6 (Six)Number of Board 
meetings attended 
during the Financial 
Year 2025-26
5 (Five) 6 (Six)
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
===== PAGE 200 =====
395 396
(Annual Report 2025-26)
Note: Directorships in foreign companies and membership in governing councils, chambers and 
other bodies including LLP are not included.
12 - Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited
- Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited
- VJMG Green Infra Private 
Limited
- JRD Green Infra Private 
Limited
- ENS Green Infra Private 
Limited
- MGPG Green Infra Private 
Limited
- MVS Green Infra Private 
Limited
- MGVJ Green Infra Private 
Limited
- PED Green Infra Private 
Limited
Names of the Entities 
in which person hold 
the Directorships
- Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited
- Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Five 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Four 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Three 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Two 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra One 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Private 
Limited
- Pinkcity pipe ﬁttings 
private limited
- VM Portfolio Private 
Limited
- DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten 
Private Limited
- GDIPL Solar Raj Project 
One Private Limited
- GCPL Solar Two Private 
Limited 
- GDIPL Solar Raj Project 
Two Private Limited
- All India Solar Industries 
Association
- Insolation Green Energy 
Private Limited
- Insolation Green Infra 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Five 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Four 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Three 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Two 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra One 
Private Limited
- MGVI Green Infra Private 
Limited
- Pinkcity Pipe Fittings 
Private Limited
- VM Portfolio Private 
Limited
- DRIPL Solar Raj Project Ten 
Private Limited
- GDIPL Solar Raj Project 
One Private Limited
- GCPL Solar Two Private 
Limited 
- GDIPL Solar Raj Project 
Two Private Limited
- Jain International Trade 
Organisation - Jaipur
13 NilMemberships / 
Chairmanships of 
committees of other 
companies
Nil Nil
14 - Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee – 
Member
- Risk Management 
Committee – Member
Chairmanship 
/Membership of 
Committees of the 
Board of Directors of 
the Company
- Risk Management 
Committee – Member
- Stakeholder’s Relationship 
Committee – Member
- Risk Management 
Committee – Chairperson
15 NilNames of Listed 
Entities from which 
he has resigned as 
Director in past 3 years 
Nil Nil
16 7,600Number of Equity 
Shares held in the 
Company (including 
as Beneﬁcial Owner)
7,28,69,800 7,25,24,800
17 Mrs. Ekta Jain is spouse of Mr. 
Vikas Jain, Managing Director 
of the company.
Inter-se relationship 
with other Directors 
and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company.
Mr. Manish Gupta is spouse of 
Mrs. Payal Gupta, Non-
Executive Director of the 
company.
Mr. Vikas is spouse of Mrs. 
Ekta Jain, Non-Executive 
Director of the company.
18 Not applicableIn case of independent 
directors, Skills & 
capabilities required 
for the role & the 
manner in which the 
Directors meet the 
requirements.
Not applicable Not applicable
By order of the Board of Directors
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITEDfor 
Sd-/
Nitesh Sharma
Company Secretary & Compliance Ofﬁcer
ACS: 66702
th
Date: 12  August, 2026
Place: Jaipur
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements