SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/WAAREEENER-Concall_May_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 32


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
WAAREE Energies Ltd. 
Registered Office: 
602, Western Edge – 1, Western Express Highway, Borivali (E), Mumbai – 400 066, INDIA. 
Tel: +91-22-6644 4444. Fax: +91-22-6644 4400.  
Email: waaree@waaree.com.Website:www.waaree.com 
Corporate Identity Number:L29248MH1990PLC059463 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
To  
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code:  544277 
  
 
To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: WAAREEENER 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Institutional Investors Meeting / Call on Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated)  for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 
2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 , please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on Audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated)  for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2026 held on Thursday, April 30, 2026 at 03:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.waaree.com. 
  
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Waaree Energies Limited  
 
 
 
Rajesh Ghanshyam Gaur  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A34629  
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
 
“Waaree Energies Limited 
Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 30, 2026 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JIGNESH RATHOD – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – WAAREE ENERGIES 
LIMITED 
 MR. ABHISHEK PAREEK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
 MR. VARUN GOENKA – PRESIDENT, GROWTH AND 
STRATEGY – WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
 MR. NEERAJ VINAYAK – VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: MR. NIKUNJ JAIN – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
  
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Waaree Energies Limited conference call 
hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Jain from MUFG In time India Private Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Nikunj Jain: Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the Q4 and FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call of Waaree Energies Limited. To discuss this quarter and full year's 
performance, we have from the management, Mr. Jignesh Rathod, Whole-Time Director and 
CEO, Mr. Abhishek Pareek, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Varun Goenka, President, Growth and 
Strategy, and Mr. Neeraj Vinayak, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more 
detailed disclaimers, kindly refer to the Investor Presentation and other filings that can be found 
on companies' websites and Stock Exchanges. 
 Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks and then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jignesh Rathod: Thank you, Nikunj.  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Jignesh. Thank you for 
joining us for the Q4 and full-year financial year '26 earnings call of Waaree Energies Limited. 
I shall be referring to the Investor Presentation that has been uploaded yesterday on stock 
exchange. If you have the Presentation handy, it will be great to follow the conversation. Let's 
start with the  
Slide number 3. I'm delighted to share that Waaree Energies Limited has delivered yet another 
year of record -breaking performance. This time across the full fiscal year, our revenue from 
operations in this year has recorded a growth of approximately 84% year -on-year, reaching 
INR26,537 crores.  Operating EBITDA grew 117% to INR5,909 crores with an operating 
EBITDA margin of 22.27%. And our P AT for the year doubled, growing over 101% to 
INR3,884 crores. I want to highlight that our reported total EBITDA of INR 6,617 crores has 
surpassed our guidance range which has given earlier INR5,500 crores to INR6,000 crores worth 
of financial year '26, which reflects the strength and consistency of our execution. 
 Moving to Slide number 4, which highlights our capacity leadership and the scale we have 
achieved. Our total module manufacturing capacity now stands at approximately 26 gigawatts, 
making Waaree the largest non -Chinese module manufacturer in the world. Our cell 
manufacturing capacity continues to be fully operational at 5.4 gigawatts, the largest cell 
manufacturing facility in India.  Our order book continues to remain robust to approximately 
INR53,000 crores. We have planned a capex of approximately INR30,000 crores across verticals 
to fuel the next phase of our growth. And I am pleased to share that we continue to maintain a 
very healthy ROCE and ROE for 32.4% and 29.0% respectively.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
On Slide number 5, we show the strong production ramp -up that has powered our results. Our 
module manufacturing for the full year has reached a record 12.6 gigawatts.  It's approximately 
2 crores module, that is 56,000 modules every single day we have produced. This is a growth of 
77% over the financial year 25. We sold approximately 12 gigawatt of modules during the year. 
Our revenue mix remains healthy and well diversi fied. Utility, IPP, C&I contributed at 34.7%. 
Overseas at 33%. Retail at 20.8%. And EPC a t 11.6%. I want to particularly call out our retail 
segment, which delivered revenue of INR5,515 crores in financial year '26. A growth of 84% 
year-on-year. The traction in our B2C business continues to be very strong and this is a segment 
we are very excited going forward. 
 On Slide number 6, we look at Q4 more closely. Module production stood at 4.2 gigawatt, a 
104% increase year-on-year. Cell production for the quarter was 0.7 gigawatt and we sold 4.1 
gigawatt of modules in this quarter. Our order book, as I mentioned, stands at approximate ly 
INR53,000 crores, up from INR47,000 crores at the end of Q4 financial year '25. The current 
order book does not reflect the retail portion, which is nearly represents approximately 20% of 
our revenue contribution. Our record pipeline remains robust at 100 plus gigawatts. 
 Moving to Slide number 7, I am pleased to walk you through some of the key strategic initiatives 
we have undertaken during the quarter. On the growth and investment front, we completed the 
acquisition of a strategic stake in United Polysilicon Oman -based company, securing a long -
term fully traceable non-Chinese supply of polysilicon. This is a very important step for us from 
a supply chain de-risking standpoint. Our subsidiary, WRTL, has announced the acquisition of 
approximately 55% stake in Associated Power Structures Limited for approximately INR1,225 
crores. This marks our entry into the transmission and distribution segment, which is natural 
adjacency for us. Our Board has approved a capex of INR3,900 crores PV glass manufacturing 
for capacity of 2,500 TPD. Glass accounts approximately 23% of module cost and 75% of 
module weight.  So, this backward integration will significantly strengthen our cost 
competitiveness and supply chain independence.  
On the capacity side, we have commenced construction of our 10-gigawatt ingot wafer facility 
at Nagpur, which is with a capex of INR6,200 crores. We have commissioned an additional 3-
gigawatt module manufacturing capacity, Samakhiali, Kutch . A large part of our module 
manufacturing capacity has now moved to G12 and G12R technology. Of course, it's Topcon, 
which is the latest generation of the cell and module formats.  And all our planned capacity 
expansion in batteries, solar cell, ingot wafers, inverters, a nd green hydrogen electrolyzers are 
progressing as per schedule. We are very much on track on all the projects.  
On Slide number 8, we talk about what makes Waaree different. The winning edge. Our 
integrated business model provides full-stack vertical integration, starting right from polysilicon 
to ingot, wafer, cell, module, and all the way to EPC and O&M. We are also pursuing horizontal 
integration across energy storage, inverters, transformers, green hydrogen, electrolyzers, and 
many more. Our speed of execution remains a key differentiator. We've expanded our module 
manufacturing capacity multi -fold to 25.8 gigawatt within seven years. We built 1.6-gigawatt 
greenfield module manufacturing c apacity in the US in just 12 months, amongst the fastest of 
its kind. We are also on track to expand our US manufacturing capacity to 4.2 gigawatt over the 
next six months, ensuring local supplies in the US. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
 Our financial discipline is well -established. We have maintained a debt -to-equity ratio of less 
than one, despite heavy capex cycles for nearly a decade. Our capital allocation follows a simple 
principle, book and build, which means every rupee we deploy is backed by confirmed demand 
and a clear path to returns. That's our commitment, growth with discipline. 
 We continue to de-risk our business by ensuring no single customer, market, or segment define 
us. Today, our retail, service, and overseas segments contribute 60 % to 70 % of revenue, a 
testament to this approach. And we are taking it further throughout online sales, market 
expansion, and strategic technology tie -ups, continuously broadening our revenue base and 
reducing concentration risk. 
 If you see Slide number 10, that is where I want to spend a moment to talk about a bigger picture 
of where Waaree is heading. We are emerging as India's only fully integrated energy transition 
player. We call it our journey from W aare 1.0 to Waaree 2.0. With approximately $3.5 billion 
of committed capex, we are building our capabilities across the entire energy value chain. Post-
completion of all the committed capex, W aaree 2.0 will have approximately 28 gigawatt of 
module, 15.4 gigawatt cell, 10 gigawatt ingot wafer, 20 gigawatt hour of battery, which includes 
the cell, pack, containers, 4 gigawatt of inverters, 1 gigawatt of green hydrogen electrolyzer, 
20,000 MVA of transformers, 2,500 TPD glass, plus smart meters and T&D capabilities. 
 Our integration across the entire energy value chain, along with structural demand, is expected 
to expand total addressable market by 4x, from approximately $1 trillion today to approximately 
$4 trillion by 2035. Our end-to-end integration, unmatched scale, and ability to deepen client 
wallet share position us uniquely to lead India's green revolution and serve as a comprehensive 
solution provider to our customers globally. 
 All in all, last year has been landmark year for Waaree. The results are exceptional. Our 
execution is on track across all the projects, and runway ahead of us continues to expand. We 
look forward to a very exciting financial '27 all beyond. With that, I would like to hand over our 
CFO, Mr. Abhishek, for his remarks. 
Abhishek Pareek: Thank you, Jignesh sir. Good afternoon, everyone on the call. I will now take you through the 
next set of slides, which cover our adjacent businesses, demand outlook, quality credentials, and 
retail engine, all of which together are building the foundation of Waaree 2.0.  
Let me begin with slide number 10, which our CEO has briefly introduced. This slide captures 
the full picture of our transition.  Today, Waaree is not just a solar module company. We are 
systematically building out every critical component of the new energy value chain. From entire 
solar value chain to BESS, electrolysers, inverters, transformers, solar glass, smart meters, and  
T&D, we are constructing an energy transition ecosystem that no other company in India offers 
today. We are deploying three and a half billion dollars of capex over the next two years to scale 
core capacity, expand into adjacent value pools. This positions us to capture a TAM that is 
expected to expand roughly four times from approximately $1 trillion today to $4 trillion by 
2035, a decade -long journey with a clear runway. Translating into a multi -year runway of 
compounding revenue growth. The strategic logic is very simple. Every new capability we add 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
deepens our wallet share with existing customers and also opens up new customer segments. Let 
me now walk you through each of these adjacencies in detail.  
Slide number 11, which covers our inverter business. Inverters are the brain of any solar 
installation. They control power flows, capture critical user data, and are increasingly becoming 
central to energy management. The global solar inverter market is currently approximately $16 
billion annually and is expected to grow at roughly 11% CAGR over the next dec ade, reaching 
approximately $46 billion by 2035. In India, this market stands at approximately $1 billion today 
and is expected to reach $1.6 billion by  2035. What is important to note here is that India is 
emerging as a reliable alternate to China for U.S. and EU buyers, driven by geopolitical stability 
and free market compliance. Energy security and data localization are becoming key drivers and 
under the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, having India hosted, data builds significantly 
stronger customer trust.  
Our positioning in this segment is strong. We have planned capacity of 4GW at our Sarodhi 
facility in Gujarat, with a capex outlay of approximately INR180 crores. Phase 1 of 3GW has 
already commissioned. Remaining 1GW shall be operational in current financ ial year. What 
makes this particularly exciting for us is that we are capitalizing on our existing retail outreach 
to provide a one-stop solution. Modules, inverters, and certainly going-ahead storage, all under 
one brand. There is no incremental go-to-market build required for this. The channel is already 
in place.  
Moving to slide number 12, we talk about transformers. Transformers are the backbone of grid 
expansion and with the massive build -out of renewable energy capacity, the demand for 
transformers is only going to accelerate. The global transform market is currently approximately 
$68 billion annually, growing at roughly 7% CAGR, expected to reach around $130 billion by 
2035. In India, this market is approximately $3 billion today and projected to reach $6.5 billion 
annually by 2035. Under the Revamped Distributi on Sector Scheme the total outlay is 
approximately $33 billion. There is a huge supply gap. Approximately 5.9 lakh distribution 
transformers have been sanctioned versus only 1.7 lakh installed, which tells us the scale of this 
opportunity.  
At Waaree, we have a current transformer capacity of around 4,000 MVA and we are adding up 
another 16,000 MVA of capacity, taking a total of 20,000 MVA in the current financial year, 
with a capex outlay of around 192 crores at our Alwar facility in Rajasthan.  We are expanding 
the product portfolio to include distribution transformers, inverter duty transformers, extra high 
voltage transformers, all under one roof. We continue to build out order book in this segment 
and have already secured orders from globa l MNCs, which validates our quality benchma rks 
and global aspirations. 
 Slide number 13. It covers what I believe is one of the most important growth segments for us, 
battery energy storage system. BESS is emerging as core enabler of grid stability and renewable 
integration, and the numbers that are here are truly compelling. Global annual BESS addition is 
expected to reach approximately 1 terawatt hour by 2035. Right now, the number is 247 gigawatt 
in 2025, almost 4x growth. India's BESS installed capacity is expected to increase from around 
1.1 gigawatt in 2025 to 236 gigawatts by FY'32. That means India is expected to add around 80 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
gigawatt hours annually between 2027 to 2035. This is primarily driven by BESS and the EV 
segment. Grid stability concerns and curtailment issues are accelerating this demand. With the 
mandatory requirement of minimum two hours by the government of India for PV tenders, this 
policy framework is now firmly in place to support large scale adoption.  
Our BESS capabilities are being built out with a planned capacity of 20 gigawatt hours. Out of 
that, phase one, 3.5 gigawatt hour is expected in the current financial year, and phase two of 16.5 
gigawatt hour by next financial year. The total capex outlay is approximately 10,000 crores. This 
facility will emerge as India's largest integrated advanced cell chemistry cell and pack 
manufacturing hubs. Our offering will include LFP cells, battery packs and containers, and we 
are also pursuing further backward integration to indigenize a large part of the value chain.  We 
are targeting data centres, utilities, C&I customers and the residential segments all together.  
Moving on to slide number 14. Middle East crisis have only highlighted the importance of 
energy securities by alternate means, with hydrogen blending offering a de-risked infrastructure, 
infrastructure-light entry into the green molecule economy with predictable demand visibility, 
and government backed incentives.  All of these positions’ early movers and electrolysers, 
blending stations and hydrogen -ready turbines, and pipeline retrofits to capture the outside 
returns as energy transitions shift from voluntary to existential. 
At Waaree, we are targeting a capacity of a gigawatt, at Dungri facilitate in Gujarat in the current 
financial year and a planned capex of INR676 odd crores. We have secured the electrolyser PLI 
for INR444 crores and hydrogen PLI for approx. INR510 crores. Our strategy is very clear. We 
are starting with electrolyser manufacturing, moving to build on operate projects, and then 
transition to green derivatives. Our target segments include refineries, fertilizers, chemicals, 
steel plants, specialty chemicals and mobility.  
On slide number 15, we are laying out our part to solve land and connectivity related issues that 
at times slow down the renewable power adoption in the country. In last 12 to 15 months of 
time, we have signed PPA worth 713 megawatts with credible utilities and global C&I  
customers. We have also secured connectivity for developing approx. 8 gigawatt of projects 
comprising solar, wind, and BESS across central and state transmission networks. Our total 
commitment in this segment stands at INR3,250 odd crores, and we are building a de-risked 
value-driven IPP portfolio for our marquee clients, which creates long -term order visibility 
across all the manufacturing segments within the group.  
Moving to slide 16, we talk about PV glass. This is again an exciting story.  Glass accounts 
approximately 20% plus of our module cost and one of the most critical components in the 
module quality, efficiency, durability, and yes, the cost. India's PV glass supply has a gap of 
approximately 5,500 TPD as of now, and over the next five years, this is going to increase.  
At Waaree, our board has approved 2,500 TPD capacity, which is enough to produce 
approximately 16 to 17 gigawatts of modules per annum at a planned capex of INR3,900 crores. 
Captive demand for FEOC-compliant PV glass, it secures offtake from day one because of our 
U.S. presence and U.S. facility. And our target is our landed cost undercut by Chinese supply, 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
building a structural margin cushion into the current pricing. We are converting a dependency 
into a pricing power, and that is an opportunity which we are excited about. 
 Slide 17. We cover our EPC business, which is fully integrated already, from concept to 
commissioning to long -term O&M , all under one roof. The model is already proven to the 
ground. We have executed more than five-gigawatt worth of projects and under execution 
around three gigawatts. And currently, our acquisition of APSL is ongoing, with which we will 
be extending the same discipline into transmission and distribution EPC as well. This gives us 
nearly 3x revenue visibility ahead of us in a market that generally lacks reliable, large-scale EPC 
partners.  
 Now moving to slide 18. This is where our long -term confidence truly stems from the demand 
outlook. Globally, solar capacity reached approximately two and a half terawatts in 2025 and 
expected to reach eight terawatt by 2035, making solar the single largest contributor to renewable 
power growth. Globally, solar additions are expected to grow from around 700 gigawatt in 2025 
to 860 gigawatt in 2030 and around a terawatt by 2035. Again, a large opportunity. 
 Domestic front, India adds 44.6 gigawatt of solar capacity in FY'26, taking cumulative solar 
capacity to around 150 -odd gigawatts. India's solar additions are expected to grow from 
38gigawatt in 2025, 44 gigawatt in 2026 to around 72 gigawatt by 2030, and our estimate is to 
grow 100-gigawatt annual capacity deployment in 2035. The evolving geopolitical landscape 
has only strengthened the energy transition imperative, and Waaree is at the centre of it.  
Moving to slide number 19, at Waaree, solar is the core, and from that core, we are building the 
entire energy value chain. Upstream, we are integrating all the way back to polysilicon, and on 
downstream, we are extending into storage, electrolyser, inverter, transformers, T&D, etc. One 
integrated platform owned end-to-end, built to capture value wherever the transition flows.  
On slide 20, we talk about something that is not always visible in the financial numbers, but 
absolutely critical for sustained competitiveness.  Our quality and bankability leadership, these 
are not just one -time certifications but  reflect a continuous multi -year journey of product 
performance, process optimization, field validation, and financial strength. With over 50 plus 
global and domestic certifications, we have built entry barriers that are hard for others to 
replicate. 
 Moving to slide number 21, again, something that I'm really proud of, India's deepest solar retail 
engine. We have built a scalable unified distribution engine that covers today 27 states, 200 
districts, and more than 600 franchise over 2,500 authorized service partners. Huge number.  
We have deep presence across solar demand clusters in India. Our strong last -mile access 
through our installers and franchise network gives us the ability to influence customer decisions 
at the point of sale, and the channel leverage is enormous. The same distribution engine that sells 
modules today can enable rapid rollout of kits, BESS, inverters, and future products with no 
incremental go-to-market build-out. Every additional product we push through this channel, it 
reduces our customer acquisition cost further. This is why I feel that we are building something 
large. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
 And finally, on slide number 22, the result speaks for themselves. Waaree is India's number one 
solar retail brand with highest national share in calendar year 2025. Around one in every six 
installations in the country carries Waaree name. A persistent action in brand building from 
regional advertising to partnership with cricket teams on ground awareness and digital marketing 
that are translating direct entry into the market penetration and brand visibility. The engine has 
been built and moat is establishing.  
Now I will quickly brief upon financial numbers. For the full year, our consolidated revenue 
from operations stood at INR26,536.77 crores, reflecting a healthy growth of 83.7% year on 
year. Operating EBITDA came in at INR5,908.64 crores, registering a growth of 117% with 
margins improving to 22.27% versus 18.84% in the previous financial year. Profit after tax was 
INR3,884 crores, growing by 101% compared to last year. ROE for the year was 29%, while 
ROCE was 32%.  
Turning to Q4, we closed the quarter with revenue from operations of INR8,480 crores, marking 
year on year increase of 111%. Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR1,576 crores, up 
by 70% margins. Profit after tax for the quarter was INR1,126 crores, compared to INR644 
crores in Q4 of 2025. I now hand over call back to our CEO. 
Jignesh Rathod: Thank you, Abhishek. Looking ahead, our priorities are very clear. Continue scaling capacity in 
line with the demand, deepen integration to improve the cost competitiveness, expand across 
markets, and keep investing in technology and innovation.  
To sum up, financial year 26 has been a year of strong progress. We have delivered on growth, 
strengthened our position, and built a solid platform for the future. With strong industry tailwinds 
and a clear strategy, we remain focused on consistent executi on and long-term value creation. 
We continue to remain upbeat on our growth prospects and guiding for operating EBITDA of 
INR7,000 crores to INR7,700 crores for financial year 27.  
Thank you for your continued trust and for being with us on this journey. With that, I would now 
like to request the operator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Arun Kailasan from Geojit Investments 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Arun Kailasan: Yes, hi. Thank you for a llowing me to ask this question and c ongratulations on the numbers 
management. I just wanted to know why there was a very steep decline in the operating EBITDA 
margins in this quarter versus the previous quarter? And that will be my first question and if you 
could also give us some colour on the realizations of the, current run rate of realizations for the 
DCR, non-DCR modules as well? Thank you. 
Abhishek Pareek: Thank you for the question, Mr. Arun. So, on the question about the margins this quarter 
compared to last quarter. Over the last quarter, we have seen two things which no one envisaged. 
The war in the Middle East and the crisis of commodity prices. Over the last quarter, the biggest 
impact which has taken up was the impact of silver pricing and copper pricing.  
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
Which has in a way  taken some weight off our margins. Also, more important to note here, 
because last quarter, there was also some impact on logistics cost. There was limited movement 
of ships inbound as well as outbound. Out of that, the cost of freight has gone through the roofs 
like never before. And the mix of the sales again adds up to this.  
If you look at our mix of sales of last quarter compared to a quarter previous to that, you will 
realize that our revenue from the overall overseas export operations has come down compared 
to Q3. So, three put together has impacted the margin. But one thin g I would like to add here, 
since market normalized already now, we have started factoring, customers have started 
factoring the increased price in the new commodity levels already.  
So, we could really foresee the implication that price have adjusted for the higher commodity 
prices already as we speak. The other question of DCR, non-DCR market. Currently, if you look 
at the non-DCR market for us, there are two segments in non-DCR. One is utility and another is 
our retail segment. Utility segment of prices ranges between INR15 to INR16 with the, I would 
say, addition of the higher commodity price. And now the retail prices go with an incremental 
rupees per watt peak premium to us. The DCR pricing ranges in the range, basically the Mono 
PERC or TOPCon, between INR21 to INR22. Hope that answers. 
Arun Kailasan: Okay. Also, I just wanted to know, like, you know, granted that, you know, Waaree is 
considerably shielded from the impact of any of the anti-dumping duties per se in the US market. 
But do you think that, you know, I mean, do you see any sort of any panic negotiation with 
regard to it, like, you know, changes in pricing or, you know, e ven different deliveries in that  
particular market as a result? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, thankfully, ahead of time, you know, we were able to start our production in the US itself. 
The 1.6-gigawatt facility started last year has already ramped up and another 2.6-gigawatt worth 
of new facilities are going to go live over the next six months of time. So, we will have approx. 
4.2 gigawatt of US local capacity for distributing in the local US markets.  
So, that insulates us from the impact of import duties on tariffs. At the same point in time, if you 
look at the export market also from India, since we have already established our supply chains 
ahead of time to alternate markets, including the markets from Africa and Europe, where we are 
sourcing our cells from, that again insulates us from the duty on solar cells originating from 
India. So, that's how we have been able to sail through the entire duty scenario. And I think we 
are in best position today with local 4.2-gigawatt capacity within the next six months of time. 
Arun Kailasan:  Okay. I was, of course, wondering. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir. Sir, I would request you to kindly re -join the queue we have a long 
queue today. 
Arun Kailasan: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Nigam from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
Abhishek Nigam: Yes. Hi. I wanted to check on the G12R transition which you were doing in the last quarter. So, 
my understanding is there was a bit of a shutdown on some of the lines in the last quarter. So, is 
that complete or there could be some spill over in the first quarter as well? 
Jignesh Rathod: Yes. So, we have converted three lines to G12R. So, currently, , eleven lines are working. Three 
lines are Mono PERC. Three lines we have converted to G12R. It is in ramp-up phase. And five 
lines continue running into the M10R TOPCon. 
Abhishek Nigam: Okay. So, these five will probably get converted in the first quarter, right? 
Jignesh Rathod: Yes. Phase manner. Once the three lines will get stabilized, runs fully, slowly we are ramping 
up. 
Abhishek Nigam: So, I mean, it could be 1Q, it could be 2Q depending on when this goes through? 
Jignesh Rathod: Yes. One quarter. 
Abhishek Pareek: Abhishek, for you to take a note of one thing which is very important here  is we are expecting 
to go back to the C UF that we have achieved in the month of Jan, 330 megawatt of monthly 
number in next , two months' time. In fact, since we are shifting to G12R now, we will have the 
upset of higher efficiency and higher realizable value from the same set of cell. So, you c an 
expect in terms of megawatt and in terms of realization, the higher number by 10 % to 12% out 
of the current transition which has happened. Hope that clarifies. 
Abhishek Nigam: Okay. That works. Thanks. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Dharamshi from ValueQuest. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Dharamshi: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to understand why was the export mix so low 
in this particular quarter and would that still be the case going forward and also a little bit on the 
outlook for order book accretion on the export front? 
Abhishek Pareek: Hi, Ravi ji. So, the question of export being lower this quarter. So, last quarter between Jan to 
Feb, we have seen a lot of impact on the logistics delays all across. So, ships were getting 
delayed. The stack to load material on ships are also getting lower because of the congestion of 
these large ships in the Middle East markets.  
So, because of that, what has happened is a lot of lots which have been manufactured and 
prepared for the export market could not be shipped. If you look at our balance sheets also, you 
will realize that the inventory overall has gone up largely because of  the logistics issues. And 
the same is going to get converted within the current quarter.  
So, that has not allowed us to do as much exports as we generally do every quarter and changed 
our revenue mix as well. In terms of the order book question, like we have mentioned that we 
have got INR53,000 crore s worth of total order book already. In terms of the order boo k 
detailing, how much is export?  
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
So, for us, it is not export -export, it is overseas revenue because we have around 1.6-gigawatt 
capacity in US, which will be 4.2 gigawatt in the next 6 months of time, wherein we are 
delivering and manufacturing and delivering both in US. Some of it will continue as exports 
from India. In the total order book of INR53,000 crore, around 65% to 70% is from the overseas 
long range order book to be delivered over next three to four years of time. And what is not 
accounted in this INR53,000 crores order book is  the retail business, which is about ~20% of 
our total revenues. 
Ravi Dharamshi: Thank you. Just one follow-up question. What is the purpose of the fund raise? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, we have taken the enabling resolution to raise up to INR10,000 odd crores. We will soon 
also be laying out the request for approval from the shareholders for raising this capital up to 
INR10,000 odd crores. That request will also cover up all the objectives of the fundraise. 
Ravi Dharamshi: Thank you. 
Varun Goenka: Yes. Hi, Ravi. This is Varun here. I just want to clarify on this fundraise. I think the Waaree 2.0 
transition that Abhishek and Jignesh Bhai  spoke about essentially means a much bigger 
opportunity, both in terms of the core module and the adjacencies that is opening up, both in 
terms of India demand and global demand.  
Now, for us to both in terms of increase the customer wallet share, de -risk our supply chain, 
localize our BOM, our entire materials, and the support of government in terms of policies. For 
example, the glass manufacturing is essentially an outcome of the duty protection now that the 
government has introduced that you would be aware of.  
So, the margins earlier were much lower, but now the margins are very high and ROCs are very 
healthy, which essentially has encouraged us to take that capex. So, this fundraise is to deepen 
our entire platform journey, both horizontal and vertical, and als o to embark on the entire 
materials backward integration. This will lengthen our growth curve, protect our margins and 
ROC over a much longer period. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Aritra Banerjee from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Aritra Banerjee: Yes, I hope I'm audible? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Please proceed. 
Aritra Banerjee: Yes. So, thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the glass manufacturing side. 
I just wanted to understand what benefits we can expect from the glass manufacturing side in 
terms of manufacturing cost and will it help in any sort of boost on the margin front? 
Abhishek Pareek: Thanks for the question, Mr. Banerjee. I think before I jump up on the commercial benefit, the 
more important element here is first is that for our entire supplies in the States market, we require 
FEOC compliant material. This glass manufacturing will ensure that we have continuous supply 
under controlled environment from India, which will enable the US glass feed-in for the factory.  
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
Secondly, for our India factory also, since we have PLI benefits from the government, the 
localization of glass is going to ensure that we start getting our PLIs soon. And thirdly, the 
current ROCE and ROE in glass because of the cost curves and local manufacturing benefits, 
including the protection by the government through duties of long-term, is making a lot of sense. 
Glass is around 20% plus of the total cost that we have.  
And if we are able to in-house the glass and ensure that we, apart from cell , also control the cost 
curve of the second biggest component in the bill of material, it will ensure that we are 
completely independent of these movements in the glass. Like in recent example last quarter, 
glass was one of the cases wherein prices rise sharply because of some problem or some trouble 
in the Middle East  and China. So that way we are going to leverage on our capabilities to 
consume the entire glass that we manufacture. In fact, the capacities announced are much lower 
than what we will be requiring for our own feed -in stock. So, we will continue to even buy out 
from markets and also have in-house sourcing of glass from the self-production. Hope that helps. 
Aritra Banerjee: Yes, understood, sir. So, I have just two more questions regarding the… 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir. I would request you to kindly re -join the queue. There is a long 
queue for -- waiting to ask questions. I would request you to kindly re-join the queue for follow-
up, please. Thank you. We'll take the next question from th e line of Sweta Jain from Anand 
Rathi, Shares and Stockbrokers Limited. 
Sweta Jain: So just wanted to understand the two things. One is, how would the cost metrics change if we're 
importing cells from Ethiopia or any other African market versus Indonesia? 
Jignesh Rathod: So, on the day of announcement of duties by the US government, my Chairman has addressed 
this question, although I'm repeating here. So, it depends on the US duties on to each country. 
So, in US, the fee on the solar module is based on the solar cells where it produces. Where the 
junction has been produced, that country will be considered as the origin of the solar modules. 
So, Ethiopia cells will have a 10% duty on US, wherein Indonesia is having 34% plus 10%, like 
44%. 
Abhishek Pareek: For you to understand in a way, Sweta, I think I'll try to make it a little easier for you. For 
example, if you're importing from Ethiopia versus let's say from Indonesia. You will end up 
paying duty on the entire product if you consume the product from Indonesia. Similar is the case 
currently with Indian cells also. If you can use Indian cell for manufacturing in US or either 
export from Indian market. You will have to pay up the recent announced duty of 123%-odd on 
India, while Ethiopian cells will not have those duties. 
Sweta Jain: So why I'm asking this question is, in the recent ADD order, the anti -dumping duty, apart from 
the CVD that came in earlier, the ADD specifically mentions India and Indonesia. So, with that 
into perspective, this cost dynamics would have really changed. You know, the last, I think what 
we call is the cell imports we did was majorly from Ethiopia and then Indonesia. So, are we 
looking at new markets considering this cost gap would have increased towards like 10% or 
40%, but Indonesia is now more than 100% with ADDs at least? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
Jignesh Rathod: Indonesian cells we are not using for modules shipping to USA, that we are using for India. 
Ethiopian cells we are using for US market. 
Sweta Jain: Okay, understood. 
Abhishek Pareek: In fact, Sweta, to add up to the context, if you look at the current buildouts of capacity, you will 
see that there are some bit of capacities which are building out in the Middle East also, wherein 
there will be new cell capacity. For example, in Oman, w e have acquired the polysilicon 
company stake, right, strategically. Therein, also in Oman, also we see some capacities are 
coming up for cell. So, there are cells available from Oman, we import in India. 
We manufacture module and export to US, the duty will be applicable is what duty would have 
been applicable from Oman, which is 10%. So that way, as we go on deeper in the supply chain, 
we keep on diversifying our source of cells for the exports in US  and manufacturing we keep 
ensuring that our supply chain pocket is expanding. And we have been doing this all through 
day and night. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Sabri Hazarika: Yes, good afternoon. So just wanted to get some more colour on the guidance that you have 
given, INR7,000 crores to INR7,700 crores. So, looking at what you have mentioned that the 
cell will take probably one or two quarter to convert fully to G12R. And I think module capacity 
also we are like close to 26 gigawatt, which will probably go up by another 2 gigawatt. So how 
does, I mean, how d o we achieve this 20%, 30% growth, a breakup between how the revenue 
would be, how the production volume  should be. What kind of margins, some colour on that? 
Thanks. 
Abhishek Pareek: So, hi Sabri, thanks for the question. I think for someone to understand how it works is, like 
FY26 are operating EBITDA was INR5,908 crores. The guidance is INR7,000 crores to 
INR7,700 crores, a range of around 20% to 25% of growth on the absolute level of EBITDA 
numbers. In terms of the cell production the current, as our CEO just mentioned over call, that 
in a quarter's time. The cell production will not just normalize to what it was a quarter back. If 
it will actually have an effect of upside of 10%, 15% as well. 
Additionally, in H2, our 10-gigawatt cell is also going live, which means in second half of this 
year our capacity -- which will be giving in cell for our own module production is not 5. 4 
gigawatts anymore. It is 15.5 gigawatts, more than sufficient for every module that we 
manufacture and sell in this country. So, which means the impact of margin expansion because 
of the regulatory and DCR reasons will start coming in big way in H2. H1, we will see a 
transition from 5 gigawatt to 15 gigawatt, and that's how the number will also play out. 
Sabri Hazarika: Okay, so you're expecting cell to be adding, and ingot wafer would be in FY28, right? 
Abhishek Pareek: Yes, ingot wafer will be in FY28. Also, to further clarify here -- since we have given you the 
consolidated guidance of EBITDA. This number also factors in the pre -startup cost of many of 
the projects which are under construction and going live this financial year. For example, we are 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
starting a three and a half gigawatt battery energy solution plant, which includes the cell 
manufacturing, pack manufacturing and container in Gujarat this year. 
We have deployed majority of manpower, white collar as well as blue collar already on the shop 
floor. So, the manpower, which is not under construction site, largely on the business 
development site, is already on the board and is a cost to us. Similarly, the case is there for all 
other businesses which are going to go live. 
So currently, the existing revenue is also taking care of the businesses wherein the assets are 
going to sweat starting from H2 this financial year. And hence, you will really start seeing the 
Waaree 2.0 results from H2 this year and going to a different l evel in FY28. When every asset 
is ready is functional, is delivering result and going at full throttle. Hope that clarifies. 
Varun Goenka: Just to add what Abhishek is saying, essentially what we're saying is the core solar module stack, 
which is module manufacturing and cell . The entire capex will get completed in the FY27 
financial year. The ingot wafer and part of battery will get completed in FY28. So, this '27 and 
'28 will complete large part of the capex. And '29 you will actually see the entire Waaree 2.0 the 
benefits of all operating businesses now getting seeded, starting to reflect in the financials. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prakhar Porwal from Ambit Capital. 
Prakhar Porwal: Just one question on margins. I wanted to understand, like you mentioned 4.1 gigawatt of module 
sold. I understand exports mix have gone down to 21% from last quarter at 32%. Is the margin 
moderation also a reason, another reason maybe that your DCR mix h as gone down in India? 
Because your cell production, if I see which is 700 megawatt. So largely is it safe to assume that 
that would be your DCR mix or would you also be buying a lot of cells from outside to cater to 
that segment from basically other cell manufacturers in India? 
Abhishek Pareek: I think you have hit the nail right at the centre. The understanding is very clear that at the higher 
module production level, the cell, DCR cell or local cell production has not gone up. And hence 
there is some moderation because of this mix as well. Yes, there are customers for which we 
have even to bu y out cells from the local markets just to ensure that we are delivering to our 
customers on time. But when you do that, you are putting the money on the table to the other 
side where you are procuring the cells from. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deep Sanghavi from Dalal & Broacha Stockbroking 
Limited. 
Deep Sanghavi: And congratulations on a great set of numbers for the quarter as well as the year. So, my first 
question was regarding the gap between the EBITDA and the cash flow from operations with 
the CFO conversation declining I think around 100 plus percentage to about 27.5, I guess, around 
that number. So, could you help me understand the key factors behind this diversion? 
Abhishek Pareek: Sure. So, if you look at our cash flow statement also, you are pointing out very right that the 
cash flow operations percentage has significantly come down. As I mentioned in my earlier reply 
as well that because the inventory build-out has happened in Q4, largely because a lot of material 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
has kept on the shores, could not be shipped out because of the logistics issue. Had that been the 
case, we would have realized the cash into our balance sheet. 
That would have changed the number altogether. The inventory levels in the balance sheet also 
reflects the same. If you keep the inventory at normalized levels, the same number will go back 
to the normalized level of 70% to 100% conversion of cash from current 27%. 
Deep Sanghavi: And just to follow up. So, could you explain the cash conversion cycle? 
Moderator: Sir, please re-join the queue for follow-ups because we have a lot of participants are waiting for 
that. Okay. Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Shah from 
DAM Capital. 
Kunal Shah: So, just could you give some colour on this entity, Waaree Semicon. And how are we thinking 
of this business? And what would be the status of this entity in terms of, let us say, talent 
acquisition, government PLI, capex timing. And also, the rationale to get into this segment? 
Thank you. 
Abhishek Pareek: Well, I think I would really want to take this opportunity to clarify to all. The company that you 
saw yesterday, Waaree Semicon, is a company which is going to only manufacture to start with 
the components which we are consuming in the inverter manufacturing at our facility in Sarodhi, 
Gujarat. So, we are manufacturing inverters at our facility and we are getting the complete 
lockdown and we are building the inverters in a factory. 
We require diodes for the same. This company is going to build out diodes, procure diodes 
globally. And get the localization of diodes within the umbrella of Waaree Power. And hence, 
the corporate structure has been kept in a way that this company is wholl y owned subsidy of 
Waaree Power Private Limited, which is the electronic manufacturing arm of Waaree Energies. 
Kunal Shah: But, sorry, just to clarify, but there would be like an OSAT business in this entity, right? 
Abhishek Pareek: This is a recently incorporated entity with the tie -ups which are underway already. We believe 
that it is most critical for the electronic manufacturing arm to have this business or this backward 
integration under its own corporate structure. And hence, this decision. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: My question is related to the order book. Sequentially, if I look at, there is a INR7000 crores of 
order decline. So, can you give some colour? Is that some order domestically because of 
challenges related to the procurement or as you had highlighted, you had domestically also cell 
procure. There is some depletion in the order book domestically. 
Abhishek Pareek: So, if you look at the order book, around INR53,000 odd crores, we have delivered more than 
INR8400 crores of revenue already. So, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there is an intake of orders, 
but then the ship-out of orders is much higher than the build-out. So, last quarter, largely because 
of the disruption in the Middle East. The new order from the overseas market have deferred from 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
maybe a quarter to a quarter's time. Similarly, there's a lot of dispatches which are happening in 
the local market. 
And in the local market, if you see there is an ALMM II which is coming up. So, many decisions 
in the C&I sector largely are held up because of the few people are citing that maybe there could 
be some extension, etc. So, decisions are getting deferred.  
I think government has clarified a day before that at which point in time, they will be able to use 
the earlier shipped-out panel under ALMM 1 category to the site so that they can actually use 
even after that date. I think that clarification is already under progress by the government. So, 
because of that, many decisions were pushed out to next quarter. And hence, the net offtake from 
the local market also was slowed down.  
Praveen Sahay: Thank you. for the clarification.  
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securit ies. Please go 
ahead. 
Nidhi Shah: Yes. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, my question mainly pertains to our supply 
in the U.S. So, we already know that because of the restrictions on Chinese cells, we cannot use 
that in the U.S. But my question mainly remains on other components of the solar module as 
well, which is the solar glass, the junction box, the wafer, and any other components. In order to 
satisfy the U.S. LPA guidelines, do we have to also procure those from non-China sources?  
Jignesh Rathod: Except cells , no need.  
Nidhi Shah: Okay. Do you think that this could come in the future?  
Jignesh Rathod: No. We do not think so. But as a matter of principle and policy, we are not using Chinese 
polysilicon wafers for USA. And this is all from India to U.S. Where in U.S. manufacturing, we 
have to procure all the material from the non-FEOC countries.  
Abhishek Pareek: So, what that means for you, Nidhi, is that if you are going to supply components to U.S. market, 
let's say for manufacturing in U.S. also, be it glass, be it, the cell is already restricted. So, apart 
from the glass, junction box, EVA, back sheet, everything and anything, it has to come from a 
non-FEOC source starting this April ‘26.  
So, which ensures that our build out of, let's say, glass will have its market from day one as non-
FEOC country. This non-FEOC clause , if I would take one minute just to clarify further, is an 
enabling factor for non -Chinese players to build out capacity outside of China and Russia and 
create the entire value chain for shipment to U.S. either for distribution in U.S. or manufacture 
in India and then ship to U.S. Both the ways are open.  
But FEOC is ensuring the non -Chinese supply chain get a great traction in U.S. starting this 
April 2026. That's how you also see a lot of new orders coming in U.S. from U.S. to us. because 
of the FEOC requirements as well. And this is bound to increase only. 
Nidhi Shah: All right. Thank you so much.  
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
Varun Goenka: So, while there is no way for us to quantify the ex-China market, which is very, very large today, 
but it's safe to say that it's growing at a very high growth. U.S. has already become local sourcing 
or FEOC compliant. Domestic market in India is already b ecoming completely dependent on 
local manufacturing. But even Europe has announced its intent to become an ex-China sourcing 
market. So, needless to say, it's difficult to quantify, but the ex -China market is a very high 
growth trajectory for several years now.  
Moderator:  Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Akshay Gattani from UBS. Please go ahead.  
Akshay Gattani: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is related to wafers and ingots. There 
has been some revision, both in revision to the cost of capex and timelines also. Like capex has 
been moved up to INR62 billion versus INR51 billion earlier. And timelines are now FY28 
versus FY27. So, why does it change? Like some technology-related change or any other reason 
to this change in both capex and timelines? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, if you look at the plan now, we were originally putting up 6-gigawatt worth of facility versus 
now setting up 10 gigawatt of facility. Because of that and other reasons, we also shifted our 
locations as well from earlier mentioned locations in Odisha to now Gujarat and Nagpur.  
So, that's how some delay in the overall timeline. But this revised timeline is for the 10-gigawatt 
facility altogether, including the earlier 6 gigawatt and the additional 4 gigawatts. Hope that 
helps.  
Akshay Gattani: Got it. Thank you, sir. And what will be your timeline for glass manufacturing plant?  
Abhishek Pareek: So, we have mentioned in our disclosure also that we are expecting the glass production over 
the next 24 months of time. 
Akshay Gattani: Got it.  
Abhishek Pareek: Thank you, sir.  
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitoj from 360 One Capital. Please go ahead.  
Amitoj: Yes. Thank you, sir, for taking my question. And a few questions. First, on the copper and silver 
commodity pricing, I think the silver and copper pricing has been on an upward trend since the 
past year. But the margin impact has been very severe this quarter, 590 bps decline. So, is there 
any other factor?  
Now, of course, you mentioned that we have been also procuring DCR cells from other third 
parties domestically to cater to our DCR order book. So, that could be the main reason for our 
EBITDA margin decline. Or is this more structural and we should see EBI TDA margins at 20 
percent levels compared to 25 percent in the previous quarters? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, as we have said, one thing you already covered that since the overall cell production or the 
cell dispatch, to be precise, has been in line with last quarter, but overall production of modules 
was way higher. Hence, the percentage wise DCR number was lower. And in fact, since we had 
to procure some cells and supply to our customers, that also diluted the number.  
===== PAGE 19 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
This is an over and above the addition of the impact of commodity price. At the same time, I 
mentioned in my earlier reply as well that the change in overall sales mix from the overseas 
revenue to more of utility also had an impact and some dilution in the margin overall.  
Amitoj: Okay. Thank you. So, should we see this as a structural trend or did the margins are expected to 
bounce back from Q1 onwards? Any soft guidance?  
Abhishek Pareek: As I mentioned, like H2 onwards, since our 10-gigawatt cell is going to go live, our full throttle 
cell execution 15.4-gigawatt production and dispatches shall start. So, that will lead to a point 
wherein our entire requirement of cells for the Indian market, be manufactured and sourced in -
house. And that will give a filip to the overall margin profile that we have today. 
Amitoj: Okay. Thank you. And just one last bookkeeping question.  
Moderator:  I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir. Yes. Thank you. 
Amitoj: Yes. Thank you That’s alright.  
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead.  
Raman KV: Hello, sir. Can you hear me? 
Moderator:  Yes, sir. Please proceed.  
Raman KV: Yes. So, I just have two questions. One is more or less like a clarification with respect to the 
margins. You have guided the EBITDA level to be around INR7,000 crores to INR7,700 crores 
for the financial year FY27. 
So, if possible, can you just let us know whether are you sticking to your initial guidance of 
maintaining the EBITDA margin of 20%? One of that and a follow -up on that is due to the 
increase in commodity prices, have you taken any price hike during this q uarter or are you 
planning to take any price hike in the future quarters?  
Abhishek Pareek: I think I'll again re -emphasize on our earlier calls also. And as mentioned by you that you've 
been guiding over all that on a long-range basis, if you really wish to see what is there in for the 
next 5 to 10 odd years, the safest assumption there will be is your 19 %-20% margin consistent 
for a decade long at least.  
Secondly, because of the effect of cells in H2 and more cells coming up in the quarter beyond 
that, the margin profile compared to this quarter could be different because there'll be more cells 
manufactured and sourced in-house. So, that completely uplifts the overall margin profiles. So, 
certainly, there could be quarters wherein the margin could be much higher because of the 
change in mix of DCR, non-DCR.  
Same point in time, relevant play also comes from the export book and export revenue.  In a 
particular quarter, if the overall overseas revenues are higher, that also gives a belief to  the 
overall margin profile of the quarter.  
===== PAGE 20 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
So, two to three KPIs to  monitor will be how much DCR manufactured and shipped out in -
house. Second, how much overseas revenue is there in the quarter.  Thirdly, how much revenue 
are we also generating from our retail arm?  
Because these three put together takes care of 70% -75% of market. And if you also look at the 
EPC business, which is doing phenomenally well, that also helps us to work out on our overall 
margin profile.  
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And my last question is... 
Moderator:  I'm sorry. So, I would request you to kindly rejoin the queue for follow-up or new questions.  
Raman KV: Sure 
Moderator:  Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Divya Patni from NVS Brokerage. 
Please go ahead.  
Divya Patni: Hello. So, firstly, congratulations on the great set of numbers. Could you explain the current 
margins in your module and cell business and how we expect them going forward?  
And also, there are concerns about the overcapacity in the module segment. So, how do you see 
the demand versus supply shaping up? And are the government policies like ALMM and PLI 
supporting in demand and pricing? That's it. 
Abhishek Pareek: Let me take up the second question first to answer. So, the definition of supplies in the country 
is changing. With ALMM II coming in place, the real available supply for the sector asking for 
DCR is not, let's say,  160 gigawatt  of (ALMM) I approved module.  It is rather 
(ALMM) II approved solar cell capacities integrated with module capacity.  
So, relevant capacity to note is 30 gigawatt today for new regulations kicking in from June 26. 
While the demand, like in last financial year you've seen, 50-gigawatt, 55 gigawatts of module 
were consumed to install 44.6-gigawatt worth of ACsite of solar installations.  
Going ahead as well, there's another regulation, ALMM III, which is kicking in from 2028, 
which means that the cell manufacturers will have to integrate further with backward ingot and 
wafer manufacturing over the next two years, three years of timelines. So, that point in time, the, 
again, definition of supply will change over of integrated ingot wafer cell and module capacity 
as a total capacity.  
So, we really don't foresee any scenario anytime next 5, 10 years of time will be the supply is 
going to be much higher than demand. Yes, we foresee a balance between supply and demand. 
Anything that you export will be over and above. But the demand and supply largely equates 
with the regulations coming in at the right point in time, aligning with the capex by the serious 
players in the industry.  
Divya Patni: Okay.  
===== PAGE 21 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
Varun Goenka: Let me do some interpretation of this capacity numbers. There are multiple numbers out there 
with respect to module capacity. It could be 160 gigawatt. It could be 200 gigawatt. There is no 
way to ascertain clearly, but I'll just offer my bit.  
One is capacity, which is nameplate, but one has to adjust for the wafer input adjustment.  So, 
there is a 17% adjustment factor there. The other is utilization, not the theoretical utilization 
could be for everybody different, but the industry operates from the smaller players are much 
lower utilization. The more efficient players are at 75, 80% utilization.  
So, there is that utilization factor. The other is the efficiency factor, which is the cell efficiency. 
So, what Abhishek is trying to say is, let's say, for utilities who are looking for high efficiency 
modules, which have to perform for 25, 30 years, the supply is not in excess.  There could be 
oversupply in the lower efficiency modules, but that's not where Waaree plays.  
Another interpretation of the EBITDA margin, and I think a lot of you have these questions 
around EBITDA margin. One EBITDA margin is a function of the proportion of module and 
cell, and every company will have different proportions. So, Waaree's module volume and value 
is much larger being an industry leader, and that's why the module by design is higher value and 
margins look lower.  
To give you an example, a company with no module sales and only cell will seem very high 
margins, but the value of sale will be much lower. Right?  What we emphasize from H2, the 
entire cell manufacturing will also be complete and operational. Then Waaree will have the right 
proportion of module to cell , and that's why margins are poised to rise. There is a transition 
period.  
So, please be aware of these two factors, one with respect to industry capacity, and the other is 
the module to cell mix. Margins are an outcome. Just one more last point on EBITDA per watt 
peak is the right way to look at it rather than percentage EBITDA margin, and maybe, Abhishek, 
you can explain one bit on that, why percentage margins actually change? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, I would further take this on from where Varun just left. If you look at the pricing, so there 
are different pricing for different markets. Let's say if you're shipping out an export product, the 
pricing is in the range of 25, 26 cents per watt peak FOB basis, while a domestic utility product 
will be a round 16, 17 cents. So, there's a price delta. In the exports, let's say if you're earning 
around 4 to 5 cents per watt peak, your margin will be in the range of around 18%, 20% percent.  
In domestic utility, even if you're earning 2.5 cents, you are still good to earn 15%, 16% margin, 
while the EBITDA per watt peak profile is completely different from the same panel which is 
manufactured. So, more important to follow is how well is your sales mix coming out?  
Is it only going to one particular market which takes care of the overall revenue and margin mix, 
or is it segregated to various pockets where you can really play out on the margin and also de -
risk your customer segments . If there's a disruption in one market, you have alternates to deal 
with and supply with. Hope that helps. 
===== PAGE 22 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Thank you for answering those questions. We'll move on to the next question, 
which is from the line of Parth Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Parth Shah: Hi. I wanted to know what are the timeline of fundraise and what are your plans for Indosolar, 
Waaree Indo? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, as we mentioned that we are going to come out with the objects also in the notice for the 
shareholders. Same point in time, we would also want to clarify on the timelines. However, right 
now, we are taking the enabling resolution to do this fundraise over the next couple of months. 
We'll be soon coming out with the clarification on the amount, etc.  
Second question on the Indosolar, I want to clarify , since this is a call for Waaree Energies 
Limited , I think we can take up Indosolar questions separately through the IR channel. 
Parth Shah: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Donatella from V.T. Energy. Please go ahead. 
Donatella: Good morning to the management team and thank you for taking our question. I'm talking on 
behalf of Mr. Volpe. We are speaking as an early investor who has believed in Waaree since 
2009. First of all, congratulations to Mr. Hitesh Doshi and the entire board on closing a 
phenomenal financial year, achieving nearly INR6,000 crores in EBITDA and reaching almost 
26 gigawatts of capacities and evidence of your execution.  
But today, our primary reason for speaking is to give a very warm and official welcome to Mr. 
Jignesh Rathod in his new role as a CEO. Having known Jignesh since his days leading the 
production division, we know as long-term shareholders, first of all, his technical brilliance and 
his dedication to this company. The transition from phase 1.0 to Waaree 2.0 couldn't be in better 
or more capable hands.  
We see the market reaction today, but as partners since 2009, we look at the fundamentals. The 
vertical integration into Glass and the T&D acquisition are the right strategic moves, according 
to us. So, congratulations again, Mr. Doshi and Mr. Jignesh Rathod. We remain proudly by your 
side for this next chapter of growth.  
And now the question is, as you may know, the Italian government is trying to limit the usage 
of PV modules made in China. In Italy, 11 gigawatts of photovoltaic projects have been approved 
to be built with known Chinese photovoltaic modules and known Chin ese cells. These projects 
could use Waaree modules made in India, which would certainly lead to an increase in Waaree’s 
order book. Have you considered the Italian and European markets in your development plans? 
Thank you. 
Jignesh Rathod: Hi, Ms. Donatella. Good afternoon. Nice to hear you after a long time. Give my regards to Mr. 
Volpe and his family. 
Donatella: He's online. He's online as well. 
===== PAGE 23 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
Jignesh Rathod: Okay, great. Yes, Italy is always close to Mr. Doshi's heart and entire Waaree. From where we 
have started, our first line is from Italy with the capacity of 30 megawatts way back in 2007. 
And we love Italy. So, yes, it is in our growth plan. We have built an export team dedicated to 
Italy with three people and two more are joining.  
We are addressing our supply chain from Southeast Asia and India for Italian market. And we're 
very much ready to restart the Italian market, which has been stopped since 2015 onwards. And 
we're absolutely ready for entire Europe as well. 
Donatella: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi from Sameeksha. Please go ahead. 
Pallavi: Yes, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to know what would be the efficiency of the 
G12R line right now and what is expected in the second half when we have full 15 gigawatts? 
Jignesh Rathod: 25.4% is the normal efficiency with fraunhofer reference cell. 
Pallavi: Right. And you mentioned about the savings, right? 10 % to 12% savings. Is that the primary 
right now of this coming from the efficiency of the savings? 
Jignesh Rathod: No, it is from G12R we can make 615-watt modules. M10R was 580-watt modules. So, increase 
of the wattage resulting into the savings, the realization of the profit. 
Pallavi: Right. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from ACMIN. Please go ahead. 
Karan Gupta: Yes, hi. This is Karan Gupta from Asit C Mehta Investments. My question is the revenue mix, 
just wanted to understand what is the revenue mix geographically? And the question is related 
to how much we have exported to U.S. and Europe countries? And then something to DCR cell 
production, why the DCR cell production is so low as compared to the peers, which is something 
close to double, basically the production of cell? So, these two things are core interrelated.  So, 
first is your geographical mix in terms of revenue and the cell production? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, in terms of the geographical mix in the overall overseas revenue, since we have 
manufacturing in U.S. itself and we are also exporting from India as well. So, our overall revenue 
from overseas more than 90% shall be from U.S. markets alone. The remaining is from markets 
where we have started to explore and also started to ship out materials. However, over the next 
few months, we see a great amount of opportunity coming in from European markets and African 
markets as well.  
In fact, in the Middle East market also, we have started to receive the enquiries for build out of 
large farms over there for renewables. So, that means not just U.S., there are three markets which 
have U.S. equivalent potential to consume overall renewabl es, be it Africa together, European 
markets or Middle East. So, we really foresee a very diversified overseas market as we are going 
ahead.  
===== PAGE 24 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
Answer to your question number two around lower production on DCR as you have explained 
in the earlier questions as well, that since we have been transitioning now from M10 to G12R 
size of cells, hence there have been some drag in the production of cells. But this will have 
benefit starting from a quarter down the line, wherein we will see 10%-12% of higher production 
from the same lines resulting into higher realizations for the long term. 
Karan Gupta: Okay. Okay. Utility, retail, EPC, all are domestic? 
Abhishek Pareek: Sorry, I could not get that question.  
Karan Gupta: Utility, retail, EPC, all are domestic revenue mix? 
Abhishek Pareek: Yes. Yes. Yes. In the revenue mix, yes, you are right.  
Karan Gupta: Okay. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Nigam from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Nigam: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity again. Just I know this question was I think, it 
came up a little earlier in the call. But just on the cash conversion cycle and the working capital 
days, if I look at numbers in the last year FY25, overall worki ng capital cycle was around 45 
odd days, which is now closer to 90 odd.  
So, is this what we should sort of build in go ahead? And do you think that, you know, it's a sign 
that there is more sort of capacity in the industry? And so, the working capital is getting a little 
favourable in terms of the customers? Or how should we think about it now? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, there are two areas to look at to understand this better. First is the effect of inventory, higher 
inventory, which I also explained in my earlier reply that in the March ending quarters, the 
overall inventory has gone through the roof because of lower shipments for the overseas market.  
Number two, the advance from customers has remained steady and strong, even the levels are 
also similar. But because the overall run rate of production has almost doubled in a year's time, 
while the absolute number of advances were same. Hence, the effect on the working capital 
cycle. So, despite the high advance from customer even today, but because of higher sales 
numbers, the dilution in terms of working capital days. I hope these two put together experience 
the effect of cash conversion in the cash flow. 
Abhishek Nigam: So just one clarification on that. So, the percentage of advance, let's just say assume you were 
asking for say a 5% advance earlier. Is it still 5% or has it say gone down to say 2.5% or 
something? 
Abhishek Pareek: In fact, not 5%. We have seen when we have been getting advances to the tune of 10% to 20% 
also in few cases and other few cases 5% also. So, the trend isn't the same. However, because of 
geopolitical reasons, the tendency to be higher upfront advances for long term contracts in the 
same set of customers has moved towards more advance at the time when you start the 
production or start the raw material procurement.  
===== PAGE 25 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
So, you won't get that much of higher advance on the day one of signing off, but certainly we 
continue to receive advances before we start the dispatch or the production also. Our overall 
cash remains in the same environment of no credit policy, but yes, this will have an effect in the 
number of days of advance from customers. 
Varun Goenka: Abhishek, just to add to while you're right on asking about the working capital, but we shouldn't 
take our eyes off the main true north is ROC and we see despite the rise in working capital, our 
ROC remains truly top quartile. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mitesh Mehta from Long Term Investment 
Group. Please go ahead. 
Mitesh Mehta: Good evening and congratulations for a great set of numbers. Most of my questions have been 
taken up, but I'm keen to know how company is planning for non-US and non-Indian market. 
Jignesh Rathod: That's what we said. Europe is our next big destination, Africa and Middle East. Okay.  So, we 
are coping up with everything. 
Mitesh Mehta: So, we can expect, say, some 15 %-20% revenue three years down the line from non -US and 
non-Indian market? 
Jignesh Rathod: Three years down the line, yes, but it is yes. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Aritra Banerjee from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Aritra Banerjee: Yes, thank you for taking up my question again. So just wanted to understand, you know, 
regarding the BESS business. So, what are the kind of unit economics and margins that we can 
expect and what will the contribution  from FY29 of that BESS business to Waaree’s total 
revenue and EBITDA? 
Abhishek Pareek: For someone to understand BESS business, I think I'll fall short of time if I start trying to explain 
the economics, but what I can do for you is make it a little easier. On the BESS business, the 
basic conversion plus the raw material that we will require for manufacturing of cell plus the 
BESS cost our ROCs and ROEs are falling in the current range of delivered ROCs and ROEs 
over the historical numbers.  
To explain it further, you expect the business to generate around 18 % to 20% margins without 
any support from the policy perspective or any MOAT of regulatory inculcated. If at all, there 
are policies which are more conducive for global manufacturing, which we are certainly hopefull 
as we keep hearing from the government as well that they are going to support Make in In dia 
for the entire value chain. 
I think numbers could change, but the basic business economics considering the ample demand 
coming from the States market and now from the Middle East market also wherein customers 
are asking for alternate supply solutions for energy storage. I think this is the time to do the 
manufacturing deployment so that we have enough capacity available. 
===== PAGE 26 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
Aritra Banerjee: Any thought of revenue colour for FY29 or any timeline that you have in mind for revenue 
contribution from BESS? 
Abhishek Pareek: I think it is too early to comment on any guidance around the revenue in FY29 for this, but if 
you wish to calculate anything, you can take up the total capacity that we are setting up 20 
gigawatt hours. You can also take an assumption from market around the average price per 
megawatt hour for the BESS in India and the US. The average would come around $110 to $120 
odd dollars. I think you will get some sense of the numbers that can come out from this business, 
but right now, too early to comment. 
Aritra Banerjee: Thank you. 
Varun Goenka: I think we will all agree that BESS is one of the biggest enablers of the entire energy transition. 
It is the most critical component for even solar to accelerate during the non -solar hour because 
whatever surplus energy that gets created during solar hou rs can now be stored and that gives 
new wings to solar manufacturing. 
With respect to revenues and all, obviously we cannot put a number, but the industry number is 
that India would need anywhere close to 60 to 80 gigawatt hour of BESS annually. The 
cumulative number that is put out by NITI Aayog and MNRE is that India needs  to get to 300 
gigawatt hour of BESS over the next five to seven years. 
Waaree's 20 gigawatt hour is just the beginning. I think the runway of growth and capacity is 
multi-decadal in this segment. So, let's be patient about how BESS segment plays out. That has 
the potential to create a new Waaree in itself. It would take a few years to get there. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity. Please 
go ahead. 
Sushil Choksey: Sir, congratulations for very stable numbers. What do you forecast as your cell production in 
second half of the year and next year on established capacity which you highlighted? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, if you wish to get a sense of cell, difficult to give exact number, but I can give you some 
range like on the existing cell capacity of 5.4 gigawatts, you can expect in the H2 because there 
are six months. I'll cut down the capacity from 5.4 gigawatt to 2.7 gigawatt effectively. 
You expect at least 90 %- 95% of production in second half itself. For the new build -out 10-
gigawatt capacity in H2, since the ramp -up will happen over three to six months of time, you 
can expect some bit of number from that capacity as well. 
Sushil Choksey: Can you just give an indicator number for, let's assume for FY '28, forget FY'27, and secondly, 
what is the total production increase you're estimating from existing capacity line which you're 
converting? 
Abhishek Pareek: All right. For FY '28, we have entire 15.4-gigawatt cell capacity available for complete 12 odd 
months. The safe assumption could be to assume 80%-85%utilization on the full year scale for 
FY'28 on the cell capacity. 
===== PAGE 27 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
Sushil Choksey: How much will you use for DCR and schemes like Kusum and Surya out of that? 
Abhishek Pareek: Sir, our cell that we are going to manufacture largely is right now planned for the domestic 
markets only. So that means not majority. In fact, almost 90%, 95%or maybe 98% shall be used 
for the local DCR markets only. 
Unless there are, like we keep hearing now from Italy market, from French markets that the 
requirement of non-Chinese supply chains are coming a big way. If at all that also opens up, we 
may use something in those markets, but too early to comment. 
Sushil Choksey: Entire Europe market is open for replacement, which has implemented between 2005 to 2010. 
So, is Europe market likely to fetch you a better price or domestic DCR? And second thing, the 
Topcon price and monoperc price, what is the price differential as on today? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, for us to see a comparison between European market and DCR market, right now, pricing in 
DCR market are fairly priced. In the European market, the orders are even coming for the full 
stack solution, not just the panel. So good news for us, a player like u s, wherein we not just 
supply the panel, we give the entire EPC soluti on, transformers, T&D services. The number is 
very exciting. 
Let's say if we are constructing a solar farm in India with T&D, if the cost is coming around 
INR3.5 to INR4 crores per megawatt, same set of plant in Europe would cost around 20 % to 
30% higher. So, for us, the realizable value for same set of megawatts on an overall system basis 
is very high when we go outside of India, be it US markets or be it European markets. That's 
why WAAREE 2.0 is very essential for us. 
If you really wish to take out larger pie of the cake, which is there for next decade, and hence all 
the segments which are going to sweat their assets starting H2 this year and big way in FY '28, 
we will really see numbers moving basis those capacities and sweating of those capacities. 
Sushil Choksey: Can I assume that in FY'28, first half will be lower number at 50%-60% of the new capacity and 
second half would be at 80%-90%. On a blended basis, it would be at 80%? 
Abhishek Pareek: Sir I think difficult to comment exact percentage, but you can reasonably expect that 15-gigawatt 
cell capacity will be used reasonably the next financial FY '28. 28 gigawatt of module capacity, 
global capacity including 4.2 gigawatt in US and another 24 gigawatt in Indian markets will be 
used at full throttle. Some bit of base capacity which is coming this year, 3.5 gigawatt will be 
used for entire next financial year. 
20,000 MVA worth of transformer capacity will be consumed throughout next financial year. 
Electrolyzer capacity of 1 gigawatt, yes, available for entire year. 4 gigawatt of inverter capacity, 
yes, available for entire year. In fact, on top of it, EPC company with an acquisition of 
transmission and distribution arm, APSL, will be also available to capture a good amount of 
share in the market of EPC in India and overseas as well. 
===== PAGE 28 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
So, answer to you will be, next year FY '28, WAAREE 2.0 will start showing its results, the 
compounding of assets that we are trying to create over years and the impact of large-scale deep 
integration and penetration all working together to build a new Waaree. 
Sushil Choksey:  Do you – the current year which went by… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Mr. Choksey, may we request you to return to the question queue, there are 
participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is on the line of Abhishek 
Kansara from Axia Asset Management Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kansara: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. So, my question was, how much will be 
the module production from our US arm and how much will be the IRA rebate that we have 
received this quarter, whether this IRA rebate is included in the revenue number or other 
income? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, in the US markets, the overall revenue in last financial year was 1 gigawatt plus, wherein 
around 85% to 90% was manufactured locally from our own factory. We have been getting IRA 
for $0.07 per watt peak against per watt peak of panels sold. There are some costs to incur when 
you convert that into cash. So, we factor around 87%-88% percent only of the eligible IRA. 
So last financial year, roughly around $40 million was our cumulative benefit from IRA. 
However, this year when we start another 2.6-gigawatt facility in the US and the earlier line also 
runs at full throttle, the overall effect in IRA will be multifold naturally. 
Abhishek Kansara: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Rahul Rohit from Ambit Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Rohit: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, it would be really helpful if you could throw some light on 
ALMM II. There's a lot of ambiguity in terms of when will the ALMM II demand actually kick 
in in India. So, if you could give some on-ground reality on this, it would be really good. 
Jignesh Rathod: Very difficult to answer with government also not able to answer so far. Speculations are going 
on, but I think within a week we will have a clarity from government. 
Varun Goenka: I think the intent is absolutely clear that the government wants to transition to as much local 
manufacturing of cell, eventually ingot wafer, power electronics, everything. The question is 
about three months here and there and the timeline. If you see ALMM I now is successfully and 
fully implemented, adopted by the industry. So, the cell manufacturing related ALMM II is just 
about almost formalization. First June, it comes into effect. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Shweta Jain from Anand Rathi Shares and 
Stockbrokers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Jain: Thank you for taking the question again. Just wanted to understand in the erstwhile comment, 
you mentioned that the higher commodity prices have now been started reflecting in our 
realizations as well. Wanted to know the current order book obviously is at  the last quarters 
numbers or reflecting the price hike that we have taken to factor in these commodity prices? 
===== PAGE 29 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
Abhishek Pareek: Thanks for asking this question, Shweta. I think I have tried to clarify in my earlier answer as 
well that the effect has started to see on the ground in terms of pricing conversion. However, 
there were not many intake of orders because of decisions on policy and clarity. 
Also, in the overseas market because of the global tension, the intake was comparatively lower. 
So, yes, we can rightly assume that now all the existing pipeline, all the current order which are 
going to intake are going to factor in the price naturally. 
Shweta Jain:  That would be reflected…. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Shweta. May we request that you return to the question queue? There are 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Varun Goenka: Shweta, just to acknowledge the report that you released had very good industry insights 
especially clarifying on the overcapacity issue, nuancing this high efficiency and areas. I think 
that was very well covered in your industry report. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is on the line of Rajesh Kapadia from Raj Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Kapadia: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, this is a 
question regarding our subsidiary Indosolar. Will you answer that question? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, we would request that we can get that question write into the IR team of Indosolar. We shall 
get back to you over there. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Harshit Jain from POJC. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Jain: Sir, that currently with the large capex announcement we have done across the new verticals. 
Are these businesses expected to deliver higher ROC and ROE with the current level or should 
we expect some dilution at the company level as they scale up? 
Abhishek Pareek: In fact, in the earlier calls in our presentations, we have tried to communicate this that the 
decision-making for allocating capital by the board is largely driven by the decision of return on 
the capital, which is a very essential matter for us. 
So, historically, we have seen the projects of ROC E and ROE to the tune of 20 % to 25% have 
been approved. Same is the case with current projects also. So, you reasonably expect to get 
delivery of similar set of return on capital from the investment that we are making. 
Harshit Jain: Sir, my second question is that… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Jain. May we request that you return to the question queue? There are 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Harshit Jain: Sure, ma'am. Sure. 
===== PAGE 30 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is on the line of Sarang Joglekar from Vimana Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarang Joglekar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to understand the demand -supply scenario in 
the non-DCR market. I mean, you addressed this before, but just a clarification because now that 
ALCM is also there, some speculations on that getting deferred. Do you see any pressure in this 
non-DCR market now? 
Abhishek Pareek: As covered in the earlier question, that yes, because of some speculations, some decisions, 
especially on the C&I and mid-markets, are being deferred, basing the assumption that there 
could be some change over the timelines. But I think we should wait down and see  -- wait for 
the developments, regulatory developments. 
Sarang Joglekar: Understood. But do you see any supply pressure because of that, any pricing competition? 
Varun Goenka: So, I think we're not clear about your question, but the mo at premise is that the entire market 
will move to DCR as soon as ALMM II is instituted. Right? And with respect to supply, cell 
supply, do you mean about that, that there's a shortage of module ? 
Sarang Joglekar: No, I mean that if that is ALCM is deferred and there's already a lot of module supply, do you 
see a scenario where the smaller module players would be much more aggressive in pricing to 
take advantage of that deferred period? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, you may expect some cases wherein the players who are in the race or mode of survival may 
even get down to any point of price that can’t be ignored. But fact here is the buyers, the C&I , 
be the utilities, anyone, are looking for suppliers who are able to demonstrate warranty servicing 
over the next 30 years. So, someone struggling for survival supplying at the cheapest price, 
majority of C&Is always take this precaution. 
In fact, the banking institution also now has started to acknowledge the fact that they're funding 
those projects wherein the visibility of the OEM to continue catering the warranties for the next 
25 and 30 years is reasonably well. Going ahead, the maturity of financial markets, the banking 
fraternity, acknowledging more for large scale quality suppliers who have ground performance 
track record, bare minimum certifications, all in a line of what has happened in the Western 
market is something that we are waiting to watch for. 
And this is, I think this is going to reward those players who are continuing to perform, supply, 
and are also now able to do backward integration in line with the government's expectations of 
AlMM 2, 3, and maybe many more to come. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akash Shirvat, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shirvat: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, actually, I want to know your view regarding green hydrogen. 
Sir, just want to know that whether, when green hydrogen can become commercially viable on 
a larger scale, and what scope do you see for the green hydrogen an d its derivatives, such as 
green ammonia and green methanol in coming years? 
===== PAGE 31 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
Abhishek Pareek: Thank you for asking this very relevant question in current context, wherein the entire Middle 
East market and the market dependent for gas supplies on this particular chunk are waiting to 
see an alternate form. The Indian market has started to see traction towards green hydrogen and 
ammonia and other derivatives out of it already. 
We are in discussion with many clients and customers who are asking us to commit supply of 
long-term contracts for hydrogen for their manufacturing capacities, those who are in the 
chemical sector, those who are in the steel plant manufacturing, and many m ore players. 
Similarly, there are discussions wherein the blending of hydrogen could be allowed in the gas 
system as well. 
So, once the decisions by the regulators come in for blending of hydrogen and other localization 
of green ammonia in the  urea, etc., I think there will be a gold rush towards getting hydrogen 
and green ammonia in-house in the country. 
Akash Shirvat: Sir, one more question. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Shirvat. That was the last question we could take. Thank you. Ladies and 
gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Jignesh Rathod for his closing comments. 
Varun Goenka: One more point that Waaree has pivoted to multiple areas of growth consistently over the years. 
It was primarily a domestic company four or five years back or before and then came the exports 
opportunity. And today we are talking about retail being such a large part of revenue and bein g 
a new additional growth lever. 
 We are talking about global manufacturing out of US being additional growth lever. We are 
talking about new business segments emerging. So, I think given the challenges which could be 
geopolitical, which could be supply chain, which could be domestic regulations, Waaree has 
always found its way to scaling and finding new areas of growth. 
I think what Abhishek and Jignesh  Bhai alluded right in the beginning, no single channel, no 
single market, no single customer or business segment will dominate. And over time, it will de-
risk both horizontally and vertically. Jignesh bhai. 
Jignesh Rathod: Thank you. Thank you all, ladies and gentlemen, for your time, your patient hearing, and your 
continuous trust in Waaree. It has been a pleasure to share with you yet another robust 
performance, and we remain confident in the growth opportunities that lies ahead. 
We are also excited to invite you to our Investor Day, an exclusive event where our leadership 
team will showcase our strategy in action across multiple business segments. The event is 
intended to provide deeper insight into our strategic priorities and th e next phase of our growth 
journey. 
You can get in touch with our Investor Relations team for registration process. Thank you once 
again. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 32 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Waaree 
Energies Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 