SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/WEBELSOLAR-Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 22


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Date: 5th February, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) Mumbai: 400051 
Scrip Code- WEBELSOLAR 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25,  
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai: 400 001 
Scrip Code- 517498 
 
WEBSOL ENERGY SYSTEM LIMITED: ISIN-INE855C01023 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Institutional Investors Meeting / Call on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 2025 held on 
Friday, 30th January, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company www.websolenergy.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For WEBSOL ENERGY SYSTEM LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Raju Sharma 
Company Secretary 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Websol Energy System Limited Q3 and 9M FY26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. SOHAN LAL AGARWAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MRS. VASANTHI SREERAM - CHIEF TECHNICAL 
OFFICER 
MS. SANJANA KHAITAN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. AMRIT DAGA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Websol Energy System Limited Q3 and 9M 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Anvita Raghuram from Churchgate IR. Thank you and 
over to you, Ms. Anvita. 
Anvita Raghuram: Thank you, Michelle. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Websol Energy 
System Limited Earnings Conference Call for Q3 and 9M FY2026. We appreciate your time this 
Friday afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 
Today, we have with us the senior management team of Websol Energy System represented by 
Mr. Sohan Lal Agarwal – Managing Director; Mrs. Vasanthi Sreeram – Chief Technical Officer, 
Ms. Sanjana Khaitan – Executive Director and Mr. Amrit Daga – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start the call with opening remarks from Mr. Agarwal, who will provide an overview of 
the quarterly performance and key developments during the period. We will then open the floor 
for a question-and-answer session. Please note the Earnings Presentation and Press Release for 
the Quarterly Results have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange and the Website and can be 
downloaded. 
Now, I will request Mr. Agarwal to open this conference call. Over to you, sir. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Websol Energy System Q3 FY2026 
Earnings Call. It's a privilege to address all of you today and share an overview of the Company's 
operational and financial performance and achievement during the quarter. 
For Q3 FY2026, we delivered a strong set of results with Revenue from Operations of Rs. 261 
crores, reflecting a 77.2% Y-o-Y increase. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 106 crores, yielding 
a margin of 40.8%, and PAT was Rs. 65 crores, with a margin of 24.8%. The growth was 
primarily driven by the commissioning of Cell Line-2, which contributed to higher capacity 
utilization and overall production output.  
For 9M FY26, we achieved revenue from operations of Rs. 648 crores, reflecting a 61% Y-o-Y 
increase. EBITDA for 9M FY26 was Rs. 282 crores, with a margin of 43.6%, and PAT was Rs. 
179 crores, representing a margin of 27.3%.  
As of 31st December 2025, net debt stood at Rs. 89 crores. The Debt/EBITDA ratio improved to 
0.47x, from 0.60x in FY25. I am also pleased to mention, gentlemen, that CRISIL Rating has 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 21 
assigned Websol Energy System a BBB+ stable rating for our cash credit and term loan facilities. 
This rating reflects our ability to manage debt effectively while executing our growth initiatives.  
As of 31 st December 2025, our order book stood at approximately Rs. 1,150 crores, reflecting a 
balanced mix across both modules and cells. Modules accounted for about 57% of the order 
book, while cells contributed the remaining 43%, providing visibility across our manufacturing 
segments. 
From an operational perspective, the quarter reflected disciplined execution across our 
manufacturing operations. Phase-1 of our cell manufacturing operations continued to operate at 
a high utilization, with Cell Line-1 achieving 97% utilization. Cell Line-2, commissioned in 
September 2025, reached a utilization level of 54% during its ramp-up phase, reflecting steady 
stabilization within a short period of commissioning. On the module side, capacity utilization 
improved to 64% in Q3 FY2026.  
The commissioning of the second 600 MW Mono PERC Cell Line reflects the Company's ability 
to execute projects within planned timelines and funding frameworks. The line was 
commissioned within a record-breaking time of less than one year and was fully funded through 
internal accruals. This line has already begun delivering high-efficiency cells, with peak cell 
efficiency recorded at 23.6% within only three months of commissioning. 
Building on our execution across Phase-1 and Phase-2, we remain committed to being an 
integrated solar cell and module manufacturing. Our focus is on scaling capacities in a 
sustainable and time-bound manner, supported by our long-standing engagement with solar 
technology and a deep understanding of the manufacturing process.  
In line with this strategy, we continue to progress on our next phase of expansion. During the 
quarter, the Company received approval for its proposed 4 GW integrated solar cell and module 
manufacturing facility at Andhra Pradesh. Land allotment for the project has been completed, 
and a tailor-made incentive package, including investment-linked subsidies has been approved 
by the Andhra Pradesh Economic Development Board, which is expected to support overall 
project economics. 
Alongside these expansion plans, the Company's fundamentals remain supportive of its growth 
strategy, enabling future investments to be funded through a combination of internal accruals 
and debt. In parallel, a dedicated team has been constituted under the leadership of Mrs. Vasanti 
Sreeram, Chief Technical Officer, to support the upcoming phase of execution.  
We continue to progress on our backward integration strategy to strengthen control across the 
solar manufacturing ladder chain. During the quarter, we entered into a memorandum of 
understanding with Linton, a global provider of photovoltaic ingot, and wafer equipment 
technology, to explore the feasibility of establishing local manufacturing of PV ingots and 
wafers in India. At present, the focus is on technical evaluation, research and development, and 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 21 
finalizing timelines and project details in collaboration with Linton. This initiative forms part of 
the Company's broader strategy to deepen integration across the value chain. 
The solar sector continues to operate within a supportive policy environment in India, with 
government initiatives aimed at strengthening both demand and manufacturing. On the demand 
side, policies supporting renewable energy adoption across utility-scale rooftop and emerging 
applications continue to drive solar installations. At the same time, measures such as the PLI 
scheme and the Approved List of Models and Manufacturing frameworks are encouraging 
manufacturing capacity creation and deeper localization across the solar value chain. 
In summary, gentlemen, we are excited about the progress we have made this quarter and remain 
committed to executing on our growth strategy. As we continue to expand our manufacturing 
footprint, strengthen our supply chain, and integrate advanced technologies, we are confident 
that the Websol Energy System will be able to capitalize on the growing opportunities in India's 
solar energy market. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. 
Aman Soni: Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. One is on the margins front. This quarter, 
obviously, we are reporting a bit consistently good margins. Looking at the industry landscape, 
where the cells capacity is rising as well as the module capacity and we are also speaking about 
the further capex, so how long do we see these margins to be sustainable going ahead? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Thank you so much for your question. We have reported margins of 40% plus in the last few 
quarters. Given all the capacities which have been announced, we do foresee that there would 
be some dip in the margins to more sustainable levels in time to come. However, given all the 
capacities that have been announced, we feel that it would take some time for such capacities to 
come on ground. Even when such capacities are installed, as per our experience, given that we 
have been doing this for 30 years, we feel ramp-up and operating the line is not very easy. Hence, 
though installed capacities may increase in the announced time frame, which also we feel may 
be a little difficult, in terms of operations, from a utilization and efficiency perspective, we feel 
it would take time for those capacities to add up as announced. So, definitely 2-3 years we 
foresee that margins should remain at the level that they are. 
Aman Soni: Sorry, what time frame did you mention for the sustainability of the margins? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Definitely there maybe some sort of 3%-4% variation, but otherwise the level we are at right 
now, we should continue at that level. Also, I would like to point out that given our order book 
has essentially been just cells until recently, with addition of modules as part of our product 
portfolio, the blended margins would look a little lower than the margins we reported last few 
quarters. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 21 
Aman Soni: Understood. So, for this particular year and for FY27, what kind of topline do we see and what 
kind of absolute bottomline? Because I am asking for the absolute bottomline, because people 
are not giving any guidance in terms of certainty  of the margins that I understand, but I think 
some base level of margins we should be having in the mind. So, if you can give some color on 
what kind of absolute PAT and what kind of absolute topline are we projecting, based on our 
capacity for this year as well as next year? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. So, we do not want to provide any guidance or comment on forward-looking 
projections. However, the ongoing capacity ramp-up, improved utilization of our module line 
and the healthy demand environment would kind of indicate a positive outlook for the growth 
opportunity. And as I suggested, given that the capacities coming up would take longer than 
probably announced, I would believe that the margins would remain at the current levels for 
some time. 
Aman Soni: Understood. And secondly, on the supply chain front, for cell manufacturing, we need silver 
paste and a little bit of silver also, right? And looking at the prices of the silver, how are you 
managing this commodity effect, the commodity inflation that we are facing right now? Are we 
able to 100% pass it on to the end customer or how is it going to be? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. So, silver prices have definitely increased significantly during the current financial year. 
And to mitigate this input cost volatility, we have secured advanced procurement of the silver 
requirement, providing near-term cost visibility. Also, our technical team is working on a silver 
consumption reduction project, wherein we have already approximately reduced 25% of the 
silver that we use for our production process through process and technology optimization 
initiatives. So, we are definitely working on bringing these consumption levels down further. 
Moreover, we are also evaluating potential alternatives to silver and we are closely monitoring 
these developments to manage long-term cost competitiveness. 
Aman Soni: Understood. Again, like on the margin front, just to get the understanding better, it should not 
be like we are doing a topline of 200, maybe down the lines of 2 to 3 years. We are doing the 
topline of Rs. 2,000 Cr. Do you feel like on Rs. 2,000 Cr., the situation will be like that the 
bottomline will still be more or less marginally increased? It will be like that only or maybe we 
will be still able to manage, like for example, topline we may grow by 30% and still we will 
manage the bottomline to grow maybe not by 30% but by 20% at least. Will it happen like that? 
What is in your mind in terms of your experience in this industry? Because we are seeing a lot 
of players are entering into the industry. So, even if it should not be like realizations suddenly 
fell down and then profitability gets significantly impacted over this. So, how do you look at 
this? 
Amrit Daga: So, Amrit this side. As we have already told , we do not see any significant margin reductions 
on account that we do not believe that the capacity ramp up will be happening so soon. We 
believe that it takes time to install the capacity and to ramp up the production. So, we do not 
foresee any significant dip in the margins. Some moderation is likely because the industry is 
maturing, but we do not foresee a very significant dip in the margins and are confident of the 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 21 
levels that we are maintaining. We will be able to maintain one of the highest industry margins 
that we are confident. But to give an exact margin percentage is very difficult, because it is a 
dynamic industry. 
Aman Soni: Understood. That is from my side sir and all the best for the future. 
Sanjana Khaitan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mishra, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Mishra: Hello. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to put up my 
questions. Firstly, I would like to say that this is our first maiden concall which is a very good 
start to have a direct dialogue between management and investor fraternity. It is very much 
appreciated. So, thanks for that. Also, I would like to congratulate Mr. S. L. Agarwal and the 
whole team for their amazing work for the last two years to turn around the Company. It has 
given very strong foundation for further capex in Andhra Pradesh which we are starting now. 
So, very happy on that front. I will start my questions now. I have three questions in total. So, 
first question is related to capex for Andhra Pradesh project. I heard that land allotment 
formalities have been completed now. So, going forward, we want to understand about Phase-3 
funding which is around Rs. 1,700 crores. So, what would be the source of this funding? Internal 
accruals, debt, equity? Can you give some breakdown so that we can understand how would it 
be sourced? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. So, basically on the funding part, as you said, we are projecting a cost of around Rs. 
1,600 crores to Rs. 1,700 crores for Phase-3 which is the cost for an integrated 2 GW Topcon 
cell and module manufacturing facility. As of now, we are hoping for a 70:30 debt equity mix 
for this project wherein for the debt part, we are already in touch with Financial Institutions and 
Banks for around Rs. 1,100 to Rs. 1,200 odd crores. In fact, our discussions are at an advanced 
stage and we are hoping that we can achieve financial closure by around March-April in order 
to ensure that our timelines for this project do not move. With respect to the equity part, which 
should be around Rs. 500 crores, I think we are very comfortable from a margin perspective that 
we would have those cash flows to pump this money as our internal accruals. So, we are not 
planning to raise any money at the moment from the market. We would be funding the same 
through our accruals. 
Amit Mishra: So, there won't be any QIP or pref fundraise? 
Sanjana Khaitan: At the moment, we are not planning for that. There is a warrant conversion which is happening 
at the promoter level. So, that would be completed by around February-March. But apart from 
that, we are not planning any other sort of equity raise for Phase-3. For Phase-4, we are hoping, 
given successful operations of Phase-3 and our current lines, we would be more than comfortable 
to fund the same through accruals and very minimal debt raise. So, there is no equity roadmap 
as of now. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 21 
Amit Mishra: Understood. So, there won't be any dilution except the warrants which are coming in? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. 
Amit Mishra: The question on the debt part, I would like to hear your thoughts. Because we have our assets as 
collateral for last debt from IREDA, including pledged promoter's holding. So, are we going 
back to IREDA? Do we have some understanding to extend the loan facilities based on increased 
asset base, etc.? So, I wanted to hear that how would we be able to secure that debt of Rs. 1,100 
crores-Rs. 1,200 crores? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. So, on your first question with respect to the loan taken from IREDA, we have pledged 
a sizeable amount of shares to IREDA for the first sanction facility for our current Mono PERC 
cell and module lines. We are actively working to get these shares released and just to give you 
the exact net debt amount right now on this fund is around Rs. 100 crores. For the upcoming 
project, yes, we are in touch with IREDA for this project. However, we are already having 
discussions with respect to what the collateral and security would be. Because we will be doing 
through our wholly owned subsidiary, Websol Renewables, we are hopeful that there would be 
no pledge of shares required for this loan and that we will be able to get the shares released 
potentially in the next few months on account of the previously sanctioned facility. We are 
working quite hard on this and we are hopeful that the shares should be released soon. 
Amit Mishra: Very good. Thank you. Second question is on the, last quarter we faced some delays in material 
offtake because the prices were going down in that quarter from let's say September to 
December. We saw a decline in solar cell prices. Now, are we seeing reversal because the prices 
have been firming up for some time due to metal upsurge. And also China is lifting this 9% 
rebate on their exports with effect from 1 st April. So, are we witnessing that clients are actively 
approaching you to take off earlier than expected deliveries which are planned later? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Yes, correct. Absolutely right. Last quarter there was some downward push on the price, which 
I think was an industry phenomena, and there was some sort of inventory piling up which took 
place because of that. However, we feel it was also on account of some temporary liquidity 
constraints which were experienced at the customer end which led to deferment of the scheduled 
offtake. However, what our understanding is that the same has occurred in the industry before 
and given our order book visibility we feel that this level would normalize in the current quarter. 
Also, given the rise in silver price and the rebate in China, there will be some increase in cell 
and module prices as well, and India is already showing higher prices than last quarter. 
Amit Mishra: Okay, so that's good. So, the momentum is coming back. The third, last question is regarding 
long term visibility on leadership of the Company. I know Mr. S.L. Agarwal has given so many 
years to this company. I would like to know what would be the leadership like when sir actively 
stops active work in the Company. I assume already Sanjana ji is in place, Vasanthi ma'am is 
there with a very brilliant team who is doing a very brilliant job. But we would still like to hear 
from management if the plan is different. Also, if you can just develop on what kind of second 
level management or leadership for AP project because the construction timelines are 5-6 months 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 21 
and I know it takes a good project manager to see us through to stick with the time. So, if you 
can develop on the leadership in the Company as a whole, I would be very appreciative. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: So, Amitji, while I continue to remain fully active and engaged in the business, driven by my 
long standing association with the Company and commitment to the industry over the past three 
decades, I recognize that succession planning is definitely a critical pillar of long term 
organization stability and governance. The Company is actively working towards further 
strengthening professional management structures to ensure seamless leadership continuity. I 
would also like to highlight that Mrs. Vasanthi Sreeram, who has been with the Company last 
30 years and is serving the organization in her capacity as CTO, is leading the Company's 
technology strategy and continues to anchor all technology-led initiatives ensuring sustained 
competitiveness and innovation on the technological front. Ms. Sanjana Khaitan, who has been 
associated with the Company for the past three years and is actively involved in managing key 
business and operational functions to the best satisfaction of mine, is well positioned to take on 
higher leadership responsibilities in time to come and will be supported by a strong professional 
management team. I would like to reassure shareholders that the succession process is being 
implemented in a structured and phased manner and will not create any disruption to the 
Company's growth, trajectory on the strategic direction. So, Sanjana is quite young now, so she 
can take up a longer time, not to worry about it. 
Amit Mishra: Sir, we want you to continue in the Company for as long as you want. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: I have already informed almighty to give me another 50 years to continue here. 
Amit Mishra: Sir, on the AP project theme, can you elaborate a little bit because it's a large capex so we 
investors just want to see how the Company is being prepared to take that challenge. It's a new 
place, it's out of our comfort zone also.  
Sohan Lal Agarwal: Websol has always been taking challenges like this, so not to worry about it. If you see the 
second phase line also, we have done it with our own cash flow. We have not taken any debt and 
we have also been repaying the debt of IREDA. So, I think the cash flow is sufficiently there 
and with our good performance and payback in time to IREDA, they are quite confident that we 
can take up the further debt. I do not feel that there should be a problem. Let the time come, we 
will see if any issue comes in and we will resolve it in a proper manner. 
Sanjana Khaitan: With respect to the team, Ms Vasanthi has also dialed in. She can just inform a little bit about 
the status of the project because we have been actively creating a separate team for this under 
her leadership. I request her to share more details. 
Vasanthi Sreeram: Good afternoon, everyone. We have an experienced team ready in house  We are training another 
set of people under them so that they can take care of the present line and then the senior team 
members can handle the new project in Andhra Pradesh. So apart from this, we will be training 
and inducting more technical people, maybe a month or two before the project actually starts 
there.  We will be training them in house, in our present facility, so they are well trained and 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 21 
understand how to execute the new project Apart from that, we are talking to our technology 
providers also, if we can send a small team of people who they can get trained when the 
equipments are in the final phase of assembly, so that also we are already in the process. We will 
be doing that as well. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shashank Jha from SB Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shashank Jha: Ma'am, can you give your distribution between DCR and non-DCR? 
Sanjana Khaitan: So basically for cells right now, through our 1.2 GW line, we are manufacturing DCR cells. Out 
of that 600 MW, which is one line, we are completely using captive into our module production 
and producing DCR modules. We do not have any Non-DCR exposure at the moment. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: Non-DCR is importing cells from China and then fabricating the panels in India. That is what is 
called a Non-DCR panel. So, Non-DCR is a product where cells are being brought from outside 
the country. Whatever cells we produce in India is DCR. 
Shashank Jha: Okay and one more thing it is regarding your EBITDA margin. So EBITDA margin like in last 
quarter was 45%. Here it is 40% and so my question here is that like all other companies are also 
developing cell plants, right? So is your 40% margin sustainable like one of the top here 
Emmvee, Emmvee is having margin of 35% so 40%-45% looks very high. So first thing is what 
is the reason behind this high margin and is it sustainable and if not can you give some 
sustainable margin over a longer period of time? 
Amrit Daga: Your first question, Shashank, the margin depends on how much you are blending between cell 
and module. So if you notice that we are uniquely positioned in the market, in that, our cell 
capacity is 1.2 GW and our module capacity is only 550 MW. I would not like to comment on 
other players, but most of the players in the Industry are having higher module capacity 
compared to cell. So that is the reason behind getting the highest margin in the industry. And 
regarding the margin sustainability, we would like to reassure that the cell line is a highly 
technological business and it takes time to install the plant and also it takes time to ramp up the 
plant. 
Shashank Jha: Sir, sorry to interrupt. My question here is that, sooner or later most of the companies will have 
cell and module in the similar line and those having higher capacity may be either using it for 
export or buying some non-Chinese cell so my question is that your competition is going to 
increase in DCR market when all other companies will have cells in their in-house. So will you 
be able to sustain this margin at that time? And you will also have similar line up like sooner or 
later you will have around 5 GW of module and cells? So at that time will you be able to sustain 
this margin? 
Amrit Daga: So we have already stated  when we were discussing the long-term sustainability of margins. We 
are expecting some moderation in margin, but we do not expect any sharp decrease compared to 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 21 
the present level. There might be some moderation in the margin, we are not denying the fact, 
because the market is maturing. However, margin also depends on many factors - how you are 
operating your line, how you are managing your expenses, how efficient you are in terms of cell 
efficiency. So, the margin also varies on many factors. 
Shashank Jha: Got it. Sir, one last question regarding order book. So your current order book is giving visibility 
of one year. So any bid pipeline going on, so how is the order book pipeline looking like at the 
current moment? 
Sanjana Khaitan: So we are already looking at the order book as of 31 st December 2025, which stands at 
approximately Rs. 1,150 crores. This comprises of whatever firm purchase orders we have 
received until now. We do also have repeat orders which we haven't included in this and there 
are certain negotiations which are ongoing as well.  Once we are able to close on the same, we 
will be able to disclose. So definitely, with the ramp up of our new cell line and with increasing 
utilization of the module line, we will have some headroom to be able to take on more orders. 
Shashank Jha: Okay. One last, it is regarding, do you have G12R? 
Vasanthi Sreeram: At the moment we don't have, but then we will be ramping one of the lines to G12R by the 
middle of next year. 
Shashank Jha: So your nameplate capacity and effective capacity will be different right now? 
Vasanthi Sreeram: As of now, whatever we have mentioned is our present capacity but once we convert to G12R, 
yes the capacity will increase. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: The size what you are mentioning gentlemen,  there are different projects the government are 
already running. One is the pump, the other is the roof top, the other is the solar power park. So 
far the pump, there is a fixed capacity of the module that you can't increase much because they 
cannot use it. If you make a 600W or 700W normally they do not go in the pump, for the rooftop 
now people are looking for a higher output. One more thing is important that I do see for margin, 
my observation is that if you look at the recent push by the Government of India that lot of the 
projects the government has announced are still not fulfilled completely because there is a gap 
of demand and supply in the DCR market and they have requested all the state governments to 
kindly look into it and see that these projects are completed. Because still the capacity is not 
there to complete those projects in a very fast and quick manner. because in rooftop,  still there 
a lot of outstanding projects are there similarly the pumping is also there. Definitely the margins 
are so high, at the moment it cannot be maintained at that level. I do agree with you, logically it 
should be levelized because the price of the wafers are increasing. But you have to see why it 
should come down because you have to also observe to what extent the consumer can accept 
and absorb the prices economically for their project. That is also very important to maintain the 
supply chain and the manufacturing industry. So I don't think there should be a big downfall in 
the margin, it might take some correction in the time to come when the capacity increases, 
automatically it comes like that. So there is nothing to be panicing in that area in my opinion. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 21 
Shashank Jha: Okay, got it. Sir, one last thing there is a 1.2 GW cell nameplate, how much actual cell is being 
produced there? I have seen in some companies that they can produce 90% of it nameplate 
capacity and effective capacity, so in your case how much is it? 
Sanjana Khaitan: We have already displayed these numbers in our investor presentation. The first cell line we are 
currently operating at 97% of the effective utilization level. So the reason the effective utilization 
is different from the labeled capacity is that some machines have a different throughput and 
given certain preventive maintenance activities it is not possible to achieve the labeled capacity 
level. 
Shashank Jha: Okay, ma'am. Thank you for answering everything. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Somnath Saha from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Somnath Saha: Thank you for the opportunity. Can you give some idea of the current relation for cell and module 
both in domestic market and as well as the export scope you have? And also can you give some 
breakup of the current order book of Rs. 1,150 crores, how much of that you have export 
potential on that? 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: Export order is not possible at the moment you know it very well, because the main market for 
export was USA and USA already as you know, there are issues still ongoing because of the 
tariffs that have been announced. So export market is very minimal. However,  but the rest of 
the market is in India and I think further they can give some clarifications. 
Sanjana Khaitan: So, as sir said, we do not have any export exposure at the moment. The DCR market seems fairly 
lucrative at this point wherein prices are at a good level, margins are at a good level. Given that 
we have additional cells compared to modules, we don't really need to worry about the Non-
DCR space. So, our focus is only on the DCR segment right now. We are not concentrating on 
any export at the moment and the order book we disclosed is all DCR cells and modules. There 
is no export in that. 
Somnath Saha: Okay, understood. Can you give some idea of the realization for the quarter for both cell and 
module? 
Amrit Daga: So the current realization in cell is roughly 14 cents per watt and in the case of module it is 22.5- 
cents to 23 cents per watt. 
Somnath Saha: Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sushil C. Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 21 
Sushil C. Choksey: Congratulations management of Websol for super performance and very good implementation 
of Phase-2. So my first question is everybody is asking on margin. Is it possible to indicate that 
our Cell-2 line is working at a much higher efficiency like the Cell-1 line of 97%, as of today, I 
am saying just say indicative on January. I am not saying anything more. 
Vasanthi Sreeram: We are almost close to operating at the same level utilization. Now it is like close to 90% 
utilization. I am talking about today's scenario. So we have almost achieved 90% utilization. As 
far as cell efficiency is concerned, we are at a very top level of 23.4%. So that is where we are. 
Sushil C. Choksey: Thank you, Vasanthi ma'am. One other question on that basis. Everybody is asking about cell 
efficiency pricing, raw material margins and everything, can you indicate I am not hurting any 
other competitor company, what is the science that our cell manufacturing efficiency is superior 
to industry or our experience of 30 years is working on our interest? Can you elaborate a bit on 
that? 
Vasanthi Sreeram: Of course, our experience of 30 years is definitely helping us to be among the top players of the 
industry in India. We are almost matching with the Chinese players. Apart from that we have 
recruited some very good PhDs who have a lot of knowledge and experience, so that is also 
helping us. 
Sushil C. Choksey: So basically you are saying that we do not have breakage or deficiency in the manufacturing 
process which gives us higher productivity number, if I am producing say one million cells on a 
particular time, that one million will have lesser breakage and a higher output per cell what are 
we producing. Am I right to conclude that? 
Vasanthi Sreeram: See, breakage and rejections is one part but then you should be able to utilize the equipment. So 
whenever there is breakdown you have to be very quick in bringing the machine up and running 
and we should be able to tune the process in such a way that we are able to produce for every 
second that the clock is ticking. This caliber our people are having. They have been trained for 
that. So it is not only the breakage and rejection, which is also one of the lowest that we are 
having now, but it is not just the breakage and rejection, but also that we are able to get the 
machine to work at its full capacity. 
Sushil C. Choksey: Sanjana, you replied on silver consumption and some replacement and technology updation, do 
I assume that our silver content in the cell is in a single digit and not double digit like others? 
Sanjana Khaitan: So for the silver part of course we have brought down our consumption successively. I do not 
know what the consumption is for the other companies, but in our case from the level we started 
at, we have already gone down 25% in terms of the consumption. So from that perspective we 
are quite confident that we will be able to bring it down more.  
Vasanthi Sreeram: We are working on bringing it further down. So another 10% is our target. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 21 
Sanjana Khaitan: So the consumption part is what we are very actively working on to eliminate the possibility of 
any increase in price affecting us very drastically. 
Sushil C. Choksey: Agarwalji, I have a question for you. Your 32-33 years of rich experience from inception of 
Websol, now everybody talks about only solar module for rooftop and solar parks and otherwise. 
Nobody has assumed that our Prime Minister has a vision to make hydrogen hub from India for 
5 million ton and 10 million ton. I understand for every million ton you need 20 GW of solar 
power. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: You are correct. 
Sushil C. Choksey: Second thing is, Europe if I recall well implemented solar between 1995-2008-2010 when China 
was not existing in solar play. The entire European replacement market is going to open. India 
EU FTA has been signed. Besides this whether it is a government scheme of KUSUM, rooftop 
solar, everybody is deficient, government subsidy in last quarter was not paid, so the solar 
module even in your inventory is reflecting that you have not delivered. Now European demand 
may be one year later when our capacity in Andhra is ready. Hydrogen may be FY28, now 
keeping all this vision in mind, second thing is everybody is focused on China prices on a daily 
basis, looking at MNRE website on your DCR production. Mr. Agarwalji you can reply, you 
understood my question. 
Sohan Lal Agarwal: I think, Sushilji, what you have mentioned about the FTA and Europe relationship.  I also predict 
that Europe will be a big market in coming time because the installations which took in the year 
2004-2005-2006 those plants can be replaced. Because they already have the land, they already 
have the structure and they already have the cable. So all the infrastructures are already there. 
They have to just throw away the old modules and put a new ones. But the market will come 
now because the FTA has recently been signed so we have to just see how it works out, because 
the Chinese have been dumping the European market but now the China realized that they were 
dumping at a loss because they were working on a price which was not economical and they 
have seen that if it is not economical and if they don't make profit then they don't plough back 
the money to reinvest into their projects. So I think in short time it should happen that with the 
increased capacity in India also the price will be economical where we will be able to fight back 
with the Chinese prices and we can try to get the European market. US market we cannot predict 
so long Mr. President is there we don't know. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir, for answering that question We will move on to the next question which is from 
the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: Thank you for taking my question. So the first question is, if I look at our capacity utilization 
both for say the earlier cell line and the current new cell line and even the module line versus 
the Q1 which was the last peak for us, it is like 60%-70% higher. But still our revenues have 
only grown by 20% versus Q1 of FY26 so I am trying to understand what is happening over here 
has the realization reduced substantially over the last 6 months? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 21 
Sanjana Khaitan: So basically, of course, for the 2 cell lines that we have, both have  increased in terms of 
utilization and module has doubled in terms of utilization. But as we mentioned somehow last 
quarter because of liquidity constraints at the customer end, offtake has been deferred. We still 
have such orders with us, but the offtake has been postponed. Owing to this, higher utilization 
of the lines has not translated into revenue. We are hopeful that this quarter would help normalize 
this situation. 
Ankush Agrawal: Okay, like I think post Q2 results, the management sort of put a number of Rs. 500 crores-600 
crores of revenue potential with the new cell line. So do we still believe that we can do that Rs. 
500 crores-600 crores of revenues in the coming quarter? 
Sanjana Khaitan: We would not want to give any guidance on the revenue part of it. You will appreciate it is a 
very dynamic industry wherein the final cells price is being driven by a lot of factors. So it is 
difficult to comment on any particular number but at a management level our focus is to ensure 
that we are utilizing all our cell lines to the maximum capacity possible and I think we have 
reported substantial progress on this front. Our target for the current quarter is to ramp up Line-
2 to 90% up and module to 75%. We are hoping that will translate to healthy revenues as well. 
Ankush Agrawal: Okay, last question on the gross margins, so in last quarters we were doing like high 60s sort of 
gross margins that has reduced considerably this quarter. You sort of indicated that part of it is 
also because the improving mix of modules wherein the gross margins are lower, but is that is 
what entirely explains the reduction in gross margins or there is something more to it? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. I would attribute it to potentially two factors. One of course as we mentioned earlier on 
the call, there has been some softening of cell and module prices, which has reflected in the 
margins. Second, initially we were just manufacturing and selling cells but in the previous 
quarter, you will see that our module has ramped up and we have increased the sales of modules. 
So given a blended margin basis, there has been some reduction on this front. So that is because 
of change in the product portfolio, I would say. 
Ankush Agrawal: Okay, got it, that was helpful, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Rudransh Kalra from MB Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Rudransh Kalra: Hi, good evening. My question is why have the operating profit margins been subdued and what 
is the future impact of the subdued module prices in the upcoming quarters? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Right. Margin has dipped a bit, because of the softening of the cell and module prices and, 
because of change in the product portfolio, wherein module is also a part of the product mix. I 
think most of us here know that the margins in case of module is different from the margins in 
case of cell, wherein, module margins are much lower. This has resulted in an impact at a gross 
margin level. There is some sort of reduction. And sorry, what was your second question? If you 
could please repeat? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Rudransh Kalra: What is going to be the future impact of the, we have seen pressure on the module prices and 
you have just mentioned that you have moved towards more of cell manufacturing to more of 
finished module, so what is going to be the impact of the pricing pressure that we have seen in 
the module prices in the upcoming quarters? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Yes, so I mean we haven't moved to module in the sense that we are still operating 600 MW 
cells which we are selling in the market. Remaining 600 MW we are converting into our own 
modules and selling as DCR modules. With respect to your question on pricing, what our study 
tells us is that the price tends to be a bit dynamic. Definitely, it did come down last quarter 
because of which we have seen the impact at a margin level, but already we are seeing an 
increase in price in the current quarter. We don't foresee major variations in time to come. 
Margins in the short term should revolve around the current levels only. 
Rudransh Kalra: Alright, thank you so much. That answers my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Hemani from Hemani Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Hemani: Hello, everyone. So thank you for this opportunity. I think my answer has been questioned, but 
again I will frame it in a different manner. Most of the cells that we are manufacturing is into 
the DCR market. Now the cell prices have actually not fallen is what I understand in the DCR 
market and if that is the scenario then why have the Q3 figures for the revenue been so low? 
That is question number one. And question number two is that, starting June 2026, ALMM and 
for cell is also coming, so what will be the impact on the cell prices? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct, so for the first question, last quarter which is Q3, prices did dip a bit. Now the prices 
have started rising again. So that has attributed to a little drop in margin and with respect to your 
second question on the ALMM part our first line is already covered under ALMM and our 
second line will also receive the ALMM approval by the next month. So I mean obviously once 
this mandate is out there, the demand for DCR will increase even further than what it is today. 
So it gives us more sort of scope and on a pricing stand again I would say that that would depend 
on how many capacities are actually live by that time because the moment the government starts 
mandating projects to use DCR cells, it depends on what is the visible supply at that point of 
time. So obviously these projects have a long gestation period and it is not very easy to bring 
such projects live in a very short period of time. So definitely in the short term the prices would 
remain at the level that they are and the margins would also be very decent at what level they 
are today. 
Rahul Hemani: And you have been saying that the prices are now again inching up as it used to be in the first or 
the second quarter, is that? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. It have started moving up again. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We will take the next question from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest 
Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Aman Soni: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. Just wanted to understand on the pledge part. Are we going to take 
steps to reduce the pledge going ahead or what is our thought process in this regard? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Yes. We are already in touch with IREDA for this purpose. As I said, current outstanding net 
debt is around Rs. 100 crores. All the shares which are pledged, rather, greater than 90% of the 
shares pledged, is towards the IREDA loan. We are actively working on releasing this share 
pledge in the next couple of months. 
Aman Soni: Yes because I am asking this like I am seeing you are trying to improve the corporate governance 
doing the concalls and all and I hope we will be continuing that going ahead. So at the same time 
we should also be focusing on reducing the pledge and all right? You are speaking about the 
capex getting funded via internal accruals then why we are not working for reducing the pledge. 
So I hope we will be doing that, right? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Yes, of course. We are already working on this and are hopeful that the release would come 
soon. For the next loan which we will be taking for our expansion project in our wholly owned 
subsidiary, we are having conversations in line to ensure that there is no further pledge. 
Aman Soni: Understood and one more thing, in your annual report, there is some contingent liabilities in 
relation to the income tax concern around Rs. 75 Cr. So what is our take on that particular amount 
of contingent liabilities? 
Amrit Daga: Yes. We have already received the order from the commission of income tax appeal on 22 nd 
December 2025 and they have allowed our claim in the income tax appeal. So this contingent 
liability as of now stands reversed and we have implemented the same procedures. 
Aman Soni: It is a sign of communication to the exchange, isn't it? 
Amrit Daga: Yes, we have communicated to the exchange on 22 nd December. 
Aman Soni: Understood. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorv Singh from Panchratna Investors. 
Please go ahead. 
Apoorv Singh: Thank you for the opportunity. It was a long wait. Congrats. I have been tracking this company 
from Rs. 250 crore market cap and today we are almost about to reach an annual PAT of Rs. 250 
crore. It's a wonderful journey. All of you should be immensely proud Thanks a lot for this 
journey. Before my questions I wanted to first publicly thank you for the wonderful turnaround. 
I have couple of questions. First question is on cost of capital and the return on the invested 
capital which you are seeing for the upcoming Rs. 3,500 crore capex. Second is on the Redington 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 17 of 21 
partnership of solar kits. Want to understand what is the significance of that partnership in terms 
of scheme of these things? Yes, these two questions, please. 
Amrit Daga: Hi Apoorv, so the cost of funds depends on the lenders, how the lenders would like to give funds 
and at what cost. You must be aware that the Company is already rated at BBB+, so we believe 
that we will be able to raise the funds at rate that is prevailing in the market. Cost of fund should 
be as per current prevailing interest rate. 
Apoorv Singh: Any range of cost of capital you can give us? 
Amrit Daga: Generally, I believe the cost of fund as of now is between 9%-10.5%. 
Apoorv Singh: Okay. And what are the kind of return on the capital we are expecting on a blended levels for 
two to three years? 
Amrit Daga: As you see In the presentation, we have declared that our current ROCE is 51%. 
Apoorv Singh: Because both of these capex will come live in the next let's say three years. So obviously 
dynamics will change but the cost has to be incurred right now and progressively, in fact. So 
wanted to understand what kind of return on the invested capital you guys are kind of 
comfortable with? 
Amrit Daga:  So we have already told you in the call that we expect some moderation in margins as the 
industry matures and become a larger industry. But to comment on what exactly will be the 
margin after two years is very difficult. However, we believe that the margins will be stable 
margin and healthy. 
Apoorv Singh: So you don't see any stretch on the balance sheet because of the debt kind of we will incur? 
Amrit Daga: Yes, as of now we don't see any stress on the balance sheet. 
Apoorv Singh: Got it. Please on the Redington, if you can? 
Amrit Daga: So the Redington is an operational deal that we continue to do with the middle  clients. Redington 
is a known party, and we supply them the module as and when it's required by them. 
Apoorv Singh: The Redington partnership, does that improve our distribution and help us in getting better 
margins? Wanted to understand how does this fall in the scheme of things in the partnership? 
Sanjana Khaitan: It's a simple buy and sale arrangement. Like all our other buyers who buy modules from us, I 
mean there is no substantialchange in margin on account of selling to Redington specifically. 
Our market price for modules is pretty similar for most of the buyers. So there is no sort of 
differen in selling to them. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 18 of 21 
Apoorv Singh: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwani Agarwal from CASA Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashwani Agarwal: I just wanted to know about the current demand scenario like the market believes that the capital 
projects are currently seeing a bit less of demand, so is it getting offset from all the solar rooftops 
or the PM KUSUM demand and everything like is the major chunk of our sale is right now 
happening towards that area or is it still towards the captive projects? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Yes. Currently,  we are doing Mono PERC technology primarily and most of our products are 
going for PM KUSUM and PM Surya Ghar schemes. We haven't seen any shift in demand. In 
fact, given that there is such a huge gap between the cell supply and module supply in the 
industry right now that for cells we are still being able to hold the ground very comfortably. 
Given we have our own module line, we are definitely able to have that advantage of being able 
to give the DCR module directly to such schemes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshan Garg from Tiger Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshan Garg: Good evening. So what is the capacity utilization of the new expansion of 600 MW? 
Sanjana Khaitan: For Line-2, we have recorded around 54% utilization in the previous quarter, The line was 
commissioned on 27 th September 2025. The 54% reflects on the first 3 months since 
commissioning. Of course, we are ramping up these levels and as Ms. Vasanthi said, as we are 
speaking right now, for Line-2 we are already achieving utilization close to 90%. And as 
disclosed even in our earnings presentation, Line-1 we are operating at 97%.  
Darshan Garg: Great. Secondly, like you have mentioned about the demand. So are we seeing the government 
offtake and government slowdown in demand? 
Sanjana Khaitan: The latest numbers which I read were 24 GW of ALMM approved cell capacity 145 GW of 
modules capacity. I don't really see any sort of issue in terms of the demand. There is sizable 
demand for solar cells and as I mentioned having the advantage of our own module line gives 
us access to sell the final product directly to such schemes. So we aren't very wary on the demand 
front and we have a very positive outlook in terms of the future roadmap. 
Darshan Garg: So ma'am, the PPA for the renewal project has slowed down. So would that really affect the 
demand? 
Sanjana Khaitan: We haven't seen any impact on that front given that we are catering primarily for the pumps and 
solar kits for residential purpose. So given our book, we haven't seen much change in demand 
from our end consumer. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 19 of 21 
Darshan Garg: Okay ma'am. Thank you so much  
Moderator: Thank you The next question is from the line of Deepak Rao from Qber Asset Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Rao: So Sohan Lalji and team congratulations on excellent results and thank you for holding the 
maiden analyst call. I have three questions to understand your company better; on sourcing, 
technology and demand. Demand has been sort of answered already As far as sourcing is 
concerned I'd like to know like the sourcing of wafers at this point of time, which are the 
countries you get it from? Do you see any challenges? And as you said China has been dumping 
wafers, do you expect cost to go up in wafers? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Right now we are securing wafers only from China. As you would know there is no such installed 
capacity in our country for wafers. So definitely, there has been some increase in price on 
account of wafer, but it hasn't been substantially high. In terms of risk, personally I do not foresee 
any risk for procurement of this raw material from China. All the manufacturers in India 
currently are doing the same and I would think China's economy is also supported greatly by the 
exports they are making of these wafers given that there are such large over capacities in China 
that maybe they are not able to absorb this capacity at their own end. Hence, I do not see any 
risk in terms of procurement. Definitely price is dynamic. But as of now given the comfortable 
margins, I would not foresee it as a risk. Having said that, we have also taken the initiative to 
backward integrate and install our own ingot and wafer manufacturing capacity. We are 
diligently working on this and we are hopeful that once such capacity is on ground, there would 
be greater synergies. 
Deepak Rao: Thank you very much. I think there was another person who asked about Linton, but he could 
not get answered. Do you have plans on when the wafer and ingot manufacturing will take place? 
My last question was on technology, so what are the plans? Are you going to replicate the 
technology that you had in West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh? Are you going to get equipment 
from Europe like you have done before? Are you going to be reliant on China for all this? Do 
you see any challenges in terms of setting up the plant there? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. So on your first question with respect to Linton, we have signed an MOU for the 
partnership with them and currently we are working on all the technical details for this project, 
in terms of building of team and all the training exercises that need to take place given that it is 
a new technology for our country. We are working on this and we are hoping that we will be 
able to bring such capacities in time of the Government’s ALMM mandate for wafer which has 
been announced for June 2028. To begin with, we have planned a 2.5 GW line which we will 
further expand in time to come. That is on the wafer front. With respect to your question on the 
technology in Andhra Pradesh, so currently in West Bengal our 1.2 gigawatt GW is completely 
Mono PERC. So of course in Andhra Pradesh we will be migrating to the Topcon which has 
higher efficiency levels. For the same currently we are evaluating both German equipment as 
well as Chinese equipment. We will be placing orders for the same close to April and until then 
we are continuing with our evaluation in order to choose the provider which is able to guarantee 
===== PAGE 21 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 20 of 21 
maximum efficiency of the product. So right now we are keeping both our options open until 
the time of ordering. 
Deepak Rao: Thank you very much. 
Sanjana Khaitan: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, we will take the last question for today which is from the line of Yash 
Chandalia from British Asian Trust. Please go ahead. 
Yash Chandalia: Hi everyone. Firstly huge congratulations to the entire team, amazing set of numbers. I had a 
question on the existing cell line, correct me if I am wrong but from what I understand the 
existing line can be upgraded to Topcon if we choose to do that. So I wanted to understand if 
there is any visibility on that or any plans to upgrade the technology to Topcon? 
Sanjana Khaitan: Correct. We are evaluating this already given that in time to come the industry is going to 
transition from Mono PERC to Topcon. We have been evaluating converting our current Mono 
PERC facility to a Topcon facility. We do not have an indicative timeline right now with respect 
to when we will be doing this given that we have a strong order book for Mono PERC and as 
we mentioned, there is a strong demand from PM KUSUM and PM Surya Ghar for Mono PERC 
modules. But definitely, we will be converting our line in time to come. We will be able to share 
further details once we have the entire cost and timeline of the same. We are aggressively 
working on this. 
Yash Chandalia: That's very encouraging to hear. Another question I had was, so the investor presentation 
mentioned that they are evaluating ancillary opportunities within their entire sector. So we 
obviously know about the backward integration that you are planning, but just wanted to get a 
sense of any other opportunities that you are potentially looking at in this space and if you could 
give us some indication if there is anything? 
Sanjana Khaitan: So I mean as of now our strategy is to scale up cell and module manufacturing which we are 
doing by means of the greenfield project in Andhra Pradesh and along with that we have 
proposed to backward integrate into wafer and ingot. This is what is firm and we are aggressively 
working on the same. Meanwhile, of course, we are working on smaller projects for example, 
reduction of silver consumption in our products and researching on technologies post Topcon, 
like Back-Contact and Perovskites. so we are already researching on all of this but in terms of 
diversification to new businesses as of now we haven't really, I mean we are exploring in terms 
of identifying these opportunities, but as of now we do not have any firm plans of any 
diversification at the moment. 
Yash Chandalia: Got it. Final question, so what I see is that the inventory for this quarter has actually gone up, 
right? So when there is such a huge order book already in line like I think Rs. 1,150 crores, why 
is it that the inventory has built up to Rs. 93 crores? 
===== PAGE 22 =====
 Websol Energy System Limited 
January 30, 2026 
 
 Page 21 of 21 
Sanjana Khaitan: As I said that, I mean, the reason the inventory has built up is because of certain liquidity 
constraints at the customer end. In fact, this has been an industry phenomenon that there has 
been some temporary liquidity constraints. This has delayed the sales. Of course, these orders 
are not cancelled, but just deferred orders. We are hopeful that the slow offtake of the previous 
quarter will get neutralized in the current quarter. Order book still remains strong and whatever 
numbers we have shown, we are extremely confident about that. But definitely Q-o-Q there is 
some change in offtake because of certain constraints at the end user front. 
Yash Chandalia: Got it. Thank you so much. I think this has been extremely helpful. Great, congratulations again. 
Sanjana Khaitan: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: As that was the last question for today I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sanjana for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Sanjana Khaitan: Thank you so much everyone for joining the call. It was great interacting with you all and we 
will make sure that we do these investor calls every quarter. Such that we can stay more 
connected. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, ma'am. Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Websol Energy 
System Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines Thank you. 