SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/WAAREEENER-Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 15


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
WAAREE Energies Ltd. 
Registered Office: 
602, Western Edge – 1, Western Express Highway, Borivali (E), Mumbai – 400 066, INDIA. 
Tel: +91-22-6644 4444. Fax: +91-22-6644 4400.  
Email: waaree@waaree.com.Website:www.waaree.com 
Corporate Identity Number:L29248MH1990PLC059463 
 
 
February 27, 2026 
 
To  
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code:  544277 
  
 
To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: WAAREEENER 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Institutional Investors Meeting / Call held on February 
25, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 
Wednesday, February 25, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at  
www.waaree.com. 
  
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Waaree Energies Limited  
 
 
Rajesh Ghanshyam Gaur  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A34629  
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Waaree Energies Limited 
Discussion on US Duties on Indian Solar Import 
Conference Call” 
February 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT PAITHANKAR – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, WAAREE ENERGIES 
LIMITED 
 MS. SONAL SHRIVASTAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
 MR. ABHISHEK PAREEK – GROUP HEAD FINANCE,  
WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: MR. NIKUNJ JAIN - MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Discuss Recent News Pertaining to US Duties 
on Indian Solar Import hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Jain from MUFG In time India Private Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Nikunj Jain:  Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the conference call of 
Waaree Energies Limited to discuss the recent news pertaining to the US duties on Indian solar 
imports. From the management side, we have Mr. Amit Paithankar, Whole -time Director and 
CEO, Ms. Sonal Shrivastava, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Abhishek Pare ek, Group Head 
Finance. 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filing s that can be found on the 
company's website. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you.  
Amit Paithankar:  Thank you very much. This is Amit Paithankar here. As we all know, the US Department of 
Commerce has announced preliminary countervailing duty of a 126%. The matter, however, 
remains under regulatory review. Despite earlier 50% duties, we continued to ramp ing up US 
shipments supported by our diversified supply chain , investments in Oman for fully traceable 
and non-Chinese polysilicon. 
Our US manufacturing footprint is also expanding with 2.6 gigawatts of current US module 
capacity, which is expected to expand to 4 .2 gigawatts by around the year -end. We do not 
anticipate any material adverse impact on servicing our US order book 
Based on our assessment, this development, I reiterate, does not impact Waaree Energies 
Limited as we are steadily increasing our US manufacturing footprint and operating with a 
highly diversified supply chain. 
With that context, I would like to hand over the baton to our Chief Financial Officer, Sonal 
Shrivastava. 
Sonal Shrivastava:  Hello and good afternoon, everybody. And just, I will briefly elaborate how the tariff structure 
works for the US market. And we have talked about this earlier as well in various forums and I 
would like to reiterate it. 
The tariff is applicable on the sourcing of the cell. So , wherever we source our cell from, that 
jurisdiction becomes the primary tariff duty which is applicable on our modules. Modules are of 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
course assembled in India and shipped from India or the modules are manufactured in US and 
of course supplied locally. So important part to remember is the tariff applicability is in the 
region where the cells are produced or the country where the cells ar e produced, and that has 
been the case for many years now actually. 
So, when the first 50% was also announced, we were not affected. As Waaree has already 
diversified its supply chain to countries with not only low tariff jurisdiction, so we also have that 
in addition, but we also have jurisdiction expansion because the US re quires full traceability 
from non-China sources and this is also another law. Because of this, we have constantly been 
looking at new sources, new jurisdiction, and new supply chain ; also it helps diversify our 
availability, as well as costs. 
 Going forward, you will also know that FOEC will come into place. So, we are already thinking 
ahead and diversifying our supply chains. And just to put a number, currently our cells are being 
sourced from jurisdictions which are at about 10%. It was 19% also but moving more towards 
the 10% regions. And now we will look at w here that 10% moves given that Trump has 
announced, that it'll range between 10% to 15%. We are awaiting that clarification. 
 So, this 126% is for any modules which will be using India-based cells, which again must have 
all non-Chinese sources. And in our case, we don't use those cells. So , 126% is not applicable 
for us at the given moment, and our supply chains are tied up at around 10% jurisdiction. 
  We can open up to questions now and any clarification that the team may have. 
Moderator: Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will begin with the question and answer session 
now. Our first question comes from the line of Abhi Sehgal from Singularity. Please go ahead.  
Abhi Sehgal: Good afternoon, ma'am. Just one question to understand further. So , we understand that India-
made cells will not make sense, but there are also duties from across the Southeast Asia region, 
we cannot use China. So just wanted your thought process, when you say you can source cells 
at 10%, where are you, which region does that imply? 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yeah, so Abhi, our sourcing supply chain is not new. We have been non -China for our US 
supplies for almost over 2 years. So, okay, since 2019 actually. So I have also with me Mr. 
Jignesh Rathod, who is our Operations Director and CEO-Designate. So, he corrected me that 
it's since 2019. So that's a long time. 
 So, we have several non-China sources. Earlier I had given out some countries, but normally we 
do not specify these regions, but it should suffice to say that there are multiple options, number 
one. Number two, we continue to develop new options. That's also very important to note. And 
as you know, we have also invested recently in Oman, this is just part of diversification of our 
inputs and supply chain.  
Abhi Sehgal: Just one more question last. Just adding here. So , all, does this CVD which was already there 
previously and now on Laos and Indonesia, this primarily covers the full Southeast Asia region 
or are there still any countries which are still open in Southeast Asia with this 10% tariff? 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Sonal Shrivastava: So Southeast Asia, we had stopped sourcing also because, earlier there were the UFLPA rules 
which had come in. So, we had stopped our sourcing and there were some countries which were 
left where we were sourcing, we did some sourcing from Indonesia las t year, but now we don't 
do it. 
Abhi Sehgal: Noted, ma'am. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead.  
Sabri Hazarika: Yeah, first of all, thank you for hosting this call and providing the clarification. So, I just wanted 
some more color on the US business. So, we have got like 2.6 gigawatt capacity which you are 
saying. So right now what is the sale of module in US and how much of it is like produced from 
US itself and how much of this is exported from India? And is the cell sourcing pattern actually 
same for both these places? 
Abhishek Pareek: Yeah, so thanks for asking this question, Sabri. If you look historically also, in fact this year, 9 
months, the numbers are already out. Our exports to the US markets and now exports plus local 
manufacturing in US markets, the numbers remain very consistent and are growing every year. 
Like last couple of years, we have been consistently exporting to US market in the range of 2 to 
3 gigawatts. Overall numbers and this year also the numbers are in the similar range if you look 
at the 9 months number. 
 Our US capacity, since now it is shaping up and ramping up, the production is rising every 
passing quarter. Basis that, if you consider this year's number, you are seeing that local capacity 
adds up to the overall overseas customer servicing from India, as well as from the US markets. 
 And since new capacity is of 1.6 gigawatt which is under construction at same site in Texas and 
1 gigawatt acquisition of capacity in Arizona, both of these capacity are also expected to add up 
over next 1 to 2 quarters of time. Taking our total capacity in US up to 4.2 gigawatts, which is 
fairly sufficient to supply to the US market as per the current order book. 
Sabri Hazarika: Right. And, and I mean, it's not like in near term, but eventually cell production in US, are you 
like contemplating that also or right now you have got enough options to like procure cells from 
other countries? 
Sonal Shrivastava: So, I mean, see we continue to evaluate all options, but obviously we cannot give out any 
definitive here because, it all has to go through its natural process of Board approvals and so on. 
But if you see the our IPO documents, we have of course a long -term view on the US market. 
And we will see as and when necessary how we want to expand our operations. 
Moderator: Participant had left the queue. We'll move forward to the next participant. Our next question 
comes from the line of Madhu. Please proceed.  
Madhu: Hello? Yes, thank you for hosting this call. I just wanted to understand that if suppose we supply 
whatever our US orders which are there either from US or we supply from India, can you give 
us some perspective about, you know, what could be the potential margin impact if we have to 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
fulfill all the orders from the US whatever we have got? And will it change our guidance or 
working going forward in any meaningful manner?  
Abhishek Pareek: Thanks for asking this question, sir. Let me first clarify the fact that our guidance which we have 
given at the start of the year, reaffirmed in quarter three earning call, remains firm and consistent. 
Secondly, on the question of any potential impact on margins, I would want to highlight a fact 
that last 12 months we have remained in the era wherein 50% tariff was applicable on Indian 
products. Throughout that period, we have continued to export from India for last 10, 12 months 
time. 
 Numbers are already out. We can really see that nothing has changed for us as far as our margin 
management is concerned. Because, as earlier clarified by M s. Sonal Shrivastava also on the 
call, that the tariff in US on solar value chain, specifically panels and cell, applies on the point 
of manufacturing of solar cell. 
 To further clarify it, let's take an example if we start using India -made cells and then assemble 
modules also in India, which is a DCR module, and then export to US markets, there could be 
potential duties which have come up last night. But as long as we continue our supply chain 
sourcing from those countries wherein the duty impact is maybe 10%, 15% and much lower 
ranges, we continue to thrive the similar set of numbers that we have given in the past because 
nothing changes as far as commercial is concerned for us. 
 For our US manufacturing also, I would like to add up, we continue the similar set of supply 
chain strategy. We not only source from these countries, we are also hunting new territories from 
wherein the cell sourcing can really happen. If you look at globa l announcements recently of 
new capacities in the Middle East markets, in the South Africa and other parts of Africa, there 
are ample of capacities which are coming up. 
 One recent example wherein Waaree tied up its supply chain with Omani company and also took 
some stake is a clear indicator that we are very actively engaged in diversification of our supply 
chain for such sort of potential headwinds as well. I hope this answers your question.  
Madhu: Thank you. Thank you, appreciate it. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aritra Banerjee from Nomura. Please go 
ahead.  
Aritra Banerjee: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. So my first question is regarding the sourcing of 
cells from, you know, overseas region. So now that this duty has been imposed, so do you 
envisage, you know, demand for cells from those regions going up and leading to a higher price 
and increase in sourcing cost? And if so, what will be the impact on margins that you foresee 
going forward then?  
Abhishek Pareek: So, to answer this question, I think let me first iterate the kind of exports that have happened 
from India. If you look at the data point also, there are not many exports which are happening, 
there are limited companies which have been able to secure US mark ets in terms of overall 
market because US laws really does not and US banks really does not allow the onboarding of 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
manufacturers unless there are certifications and approvals in place which takes generally four 
to five years of time. So, certainly US market is very tough market to get into.  
As far as the supply chain from the alternate sources is concerned which Waaree has been 
procuring, yes, of course, every year you see that our supply chain is expanding through new 
territories and new alternatives. And it continues to happen. So, there are multiple cell capacities 
which are coming up not just outside of US in the markets like Middle East and Africa, in fact 
there are some capacities of cell which are coming up in US as well. 
 So not necessary that we only buy out from these countries where we have been buying out, we 
even have new opportunities of even buying local US -made cell as well. Given the fact our 
strong order book, one of the largest in the industry, also gives us the right to win in the entire 
supply chain wars if there is a reason for manufacturers to tie up with solar cell suppliers. Waaree 
should be in a position to tap those markets earlier than others. We have discussed and we have 
shown this in past also and we firmly believe we should be able to continue in the future as well.  
Aritra Banerjee: Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is regarding the order inflows. So apparently a few US 
companies have, you know, mentioned de-booking or cancellation of certain orders. So, for your 
orders, do you expect any cancellation  or do you expect the order inflow momentum slowing 
down in the US going forward?  
Abhishek Pareek: Actually, it's the other way around if you look at the data points. If you look at last 12 months 
of Waaree's order book and the consistent order flows from the US markets, I think this is one 
of the best year that we have ever seen as far as orders from US are con cerned. In fact the 
installation data in US also speaks the same way. 
 Historically US has consumed 50 gigawatts modules almost every year over last four years 
average if you look at. But this year surprisingly, the number is going to the roofs and largely 
on account of new data center that are building up, the power demand driven by the AIs and the 
AI war which is happening all across. 
 In fact we are falling off our own manufacturing supply, manufacturing capacities in US that we 
are not able to even to grow beyond that we really want to speed up on our ramp up in US, get 
new capacities which are announced ASAP. I think that is what shou ld something that we are 
really trying to focus upon. So , point here is opportunities are very huge. Demand in US is 
something that you can't ignore. From 50 gigawatt of module demand, we foresee a market 
which is around 70, 80 gigawatt of annual consumption and certainly a very large number. 
 And we are very handful of suppliers in US market who are not only supplying currently, also 
have capability to supply consistently at large scales, also have capability to source those supply 
chain which are FEOC compliant which is a new law enacted last year and being applicable 
starting April 2026. So , what it means is from April 26 onwards, US is going to put more 
emphasis on the FEOC compliance of entire value chain. And that point in time, Waaree strategy 
of fully integrating supply chain not just from India but from alternate market up to polysilicon 
will start showing its impact. Hope that is helpful.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Aritra Banerjee: Yes, sir. That's helpful. And just one last question. So , because of this, do you see any impact 
on the margin in the US business or do you expect it to continue as usual? And another 
clarification regarding the 4.6 gigawatt capacity. So , when you say by the year end, you mean 
December or like fiscal year end that is March. By when will that 4.6 gigawatt capacity be 
operational?  
Abhishek Pareek: As I have clarified in earlier question also that we really don't foresee any impact on the margins 
as far as this duty announcement is concerned, because of the same reasons that we have supply 
chain available from the countries wherein the impact shall not come across at all. Number one. 
Number two, in fact, we also have orders with our customers which really help us to pass through 
something which comes on our P&L. So, our contract with customers also allow us to even pass 
through if at all there is any impact. However, the current duty announcement really does not 
qualify for that because it does not impact our commercial and our costing. But if at all there are 
future impacts which may directly come across, we should be even able to pas s through our 
contracting strategy, number one 
 Number two, if you look at the US capacity of 1.6 which is operational and 1 gigawatt acquired, 
1.6 gigawatt under construction, our estimation is that all the two capacities acquired as well as 
under construction should be operational by mid of this current calendar year.  
Aritra Banerjee: Got it, sir. Those are my questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sweta Jain from Anand Rathi Share and 
Stock Brokers Limited. Please go ahead.  
Sweta Jain: Thank you very much. Just couple of questions. One on the order book traction that we witnessed 
after the volatile situation that's happening with the tariffs. I understand 12 months YOY 
comparison looks good. And also excluding the 1 gigawatt HJT line acq uisition that we did. If 
you can throw some color on that specifically?  
Abhishek Pareek: Sure, Sweta. So, as you rightly said that order book strength shows the strength of the continuous 
order inflow from US customers as well as from the local customers. When we started this year 
our order book was in the range of 40,000 crore s plus cumulative order book. As we as we did 
our last earning call, it was in the range of 60,000 crore. So , certainly a significant order book 
growth despite a great top line as well. So, this order book is net of dispatches that we have done 
in nine months of this financial year.  
The 1 gigawatt HJT capacity that we acquired in Arizona, it's a facility which is ready to use 
even for HJT modules as well as we have ability to even start TOPCon manufacturing also in 
the same facility because majority of capex is common, which is utilit y and basic components. 
Only small changes that you need to do are small line which is a smaller share of the overall 
capex that you require. And since we got it within 20 million dollars the entire facility, I think 
this is much lower than the capex that we did for our earlier 1.6 gigawatt capacity in Texas. That 
way it is very much commercially helpful for us to better of our paybacks since the cost of capex 
is lower.  
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Sweta Jain: I absolutely agree on that. It's just how the structure is changing in terms of demand when you 
have all the incentives removed and this tariff structure impacting the US demand scenario is 
what I wanted to understand. Fair enough on the order book. The sec ond question I have, with 
this do you think from an industry perspective the supply in the domestic markets would lead to 
pricing pressures now?  
Abhishek Pareek: I think if you look at our strategy of distribution, our nine month numbers, that roughly one -
fourth, 20% to 25% of our revenue are coming only from the retail counters. That's a very unique 
I would say distribution, you know, which we really don't foresee others to convert. 
 So that means our counter sales which has been growing every passing year should continue to 
thrive 20% to 25% of our revenues and that market to put here on the discussion is less agnostic 
to price. In fact that's a market which pays a premium of 1 to 1 and a half cent  of every panel 
that we sell. So that's in fact a premium margin and growing every year. 
 Secondly, the other chunk of our total revenue apart from 20 % to 25% of retail is overseas 
customer which includes exports from India and local manufacturing in US. Put together this 
market is around one -third of our total revenue, 30 % to 35%. And which continues to again a 
premium market which gives us better realizations and higher margins.  
Number three, a significant chunk of our revenue also comes from the service business which is 
EPC and O&M, somewhere around 18% to 20% comes from this business which is again a high 
margin business. So, after putting all of these numbers on 100% revenue scale, around 70% of 
our revenues are coming from these three markets which are high premium and market which 
have clear cut entry barrier. Like for setting up a retail network which takes care of one -fourth 
of your revenue, it took us more than a decade to  set up 580 plus retail stores and 4000 plus 
distribution points in this country. 
 Similarly, US sale that you see today number, it took us around one and a half decade not just 
to crack but to establish as a consistent supply in the US market. And of course the EPC business 
only works on PQ. If you have done a gigawatt worth of contract  then only you qualify for a 2 
gigawatt single location contract which we have been doing for our customers all across. So , 
these three tough market, very difficult market to penetrate are the core markets that Waaree 
operate out of. 
 Balance 30% to 35% you rightly said is a market where price really matters. But good part that 
our order book currently covers up that particular market for next 12 to 18 months of time. So 
not much to worry. And as we have announced recent acquisitions, more products w hich are 
coming to market like inverters, transmission distribution was announced a quarter back. And 
there are few small projects like transformers was also announced, T&D was announced. So, all 
these product will also come up at scale in coming years which will further diversify our revenue 
profile, our revenue strategy and our distribution channels as well. I hope I'm able to clarify.  
Shweta Jain: Understood. Fair enough, fair enough. Thank you, those were my questions.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kuntal Shah from Oaklane Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Kuntal Shah: Thanks for this opportunity and taking my call. So , I just wanted to reiterate that the 10% 
concessional duty applicable for cell source from neutral jurisdiction is applicable for ADD and 
CVD also, not only reciprocal alone, right? That is very clear. That current ADD and CVDs are 
also mandating the same. And that the current order book which we have won 't be impacted in 
lieu of that? 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yeah, so just you're, so first of all you're absolutely right. However just let me clarify what you 
have just stated, you know. 10% concessional duty, we're not talking about any concessional 
concessions here. We're talking about what is the duty structures applicable in various countries, 
right? What we try to do is we go to a jurisdiction which has low tariff rate, low duty rate. So , 
there's no concession here, right? India yes, till last year we were around that 50%, now we have 
gone up to 126%.  So, this duty will be applicable to any production of cell in India and from 
there on if we make a module and export to US, which obviously we will not do and we have 
not been doing it. We continue to look at jurisdictions which will have lower tariff, it could range 
between 10 to 15 percent. And we will optimize our sourcing from these regions. This is one 
part. The second part of sourcing also takes into account, you know, the traceability. The third 
part of sourcing will take into account FEOC  that we said. So we have to source in US, for I 
mean for US market, all the compliant raw materials, yeah. So that's the basic philosophy. So 
yes, for now not impacted.  
Kuntal Shah: Okay. And in light of this, is there a rethink on the capex plan you had on the cells and the 
downstream, backward integration? Any any change in the capex plans you have announced 
because of this?  
Sonal Shrivastava: No, we have not announced any change in capex plan for this. I mean the Abhishek elaborated 
about our US expansion and that's what we looking at.  
Kuntal Shah: No, no, you have plans for Indian cell manufacturing.  
Sonal Shrivastava:  No, no, India continues on track. We have not announced any change.  
Kuntal Shah:  Okay. Okay. And in terms of your alternate supply chain which you are thinking of, there are no 
ADD or CVD investigation pending from those jurisdiction. It's very clear. They are good to go 
for your current order book? 
Sonal Shrivastava:  Yes 
Kuntal Shah: Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the answers.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Varun and individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Varun: Thank you Abhishek and Sonal for clarifying  so explicitly. Two connected questions. One, US 
solar demand. I think Abhishek, you said 70, 80 gigawatt. Can you just give us what could be 
the whole pipeline of US demand on an annual basis, AC/DC, given what's happening related to 
electricity demand, data centres and all? And at what price do you think that solar module can 
be imported and it's viable for an IPP or a data centre to really take it? In the initial three, four 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
years back, the prices had gone up to even north of $0.35 or $0.40. So, if you could just explain 
the demand and pricing outlook of US for next one to three years.  
Abhishek Pareek: Sure. So, if you look at the US demand and the ground installation number, this year the numbers 
have been mind boggling. The current data of pipeline that we have and the pipeline that we 
chase ranges around 70, 80 gigawatts of module demand every year. However, US orders come 
in a chunky way wherein the customer forecast outlook for next two, three years and hence the 
pipeline is much larger than this annual expected demand in US. Number one.  So, broadly this 
70, 80 gigawatt of overall co nsumption every year leads to a demand outlook of 180 to 200 
gigawatt over next two, three years of time in US.  
Number two, the price. Historically if you see the price for US markets has been in the range of 
$0.30, $0.35. In fact in the start of 2023 and 2024, the prices continued to be in this range. Before 
the disruptions came in and there are multiple restrictions which started coming in. 
It went up to $0.35, $0.37 in mid -2024. But with further technology improvements, TOPCon 
coming in as the main lead products and reduction in the overall metal component in the product, 
especially silver etc, the overall cost of panel for US markets declined from $0.35, $0.37 to the 
range of $0.23 to $0.24 on FOB basis, on delivered basis around $0.27 to $0.28 in the US shores. 
If you look at the current order book that we are servicing, all of those orders have been secured 
and the delivery has to happen two to three years back, which effectively means the entire order 
book of Waaree was designed, financial closure was done at least two to three years back by the 
customers. When the price range for these clients was in the range of $0.35 to $0.38 cents. 
So, assuming even if the price in US goes up to the extent to $035, $0.38, nothing changes even 
for the developer community. While today we are in the range of $0.31, $0.32, we still have a 
great leg space in US market even if there is an impact on price because of shorting supply chain 
sources for US markets. So , I think as long as the assumption of $0.35, $0.38 hold for our for 
our existing order book . I think nothing changes even for our clients. However, currently the 
price is in the range of $0.30, $0.31. We have a great leg space even for the further price impact 
in the US which will not impact at all the economics for the developers.  
Varun: No that’s very well explained Abhishek. Thank you.  Just one more clarification. How is India 
really positioned to export. Now that the tariff and non -tariff barriers are clear. Earlier I think 
India's market share needs to be high single-digit or 10% or in total US imports. So how do we 
access where India's position is going to be when the demand is so strong. And there are so many 
regulatory changes happening? 
Abhishek Pareek: So, to understand this, first we need to look at the US demand and supply dynamic. So, as I said, 
that demand outlook in the US looks to be in range of 70, 80 gigawatts. Against it, how much is 
the supply chain which is available within the US markets? From a module perspective, there is 
around 50-50 gigawatts worth of market and manufacturing capacities which are available. But 
unfortunately, there are not many cell capacities and wafer capacities in the US. 
 Effectively but it means that US continue to import cell from the alternate markets. At the same 
point in time when the ingot and wafer manufacturing start up in India . So, what can really 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
happen for instance that we continue to buy polysilicon from FEOC compliant markets in Oman. 
We continue to manufacture ingot and wafer very well in India because these have never been a 
part of any sort of investigation or duties etc.  
 So, polysilicon secured ingots and wafer get the upcoming facility very much secured and at 
large scale of 10 gigawatt capacity that we can do in India. And then cell manufacturing can 
either happen in the US through the ties or can happen in those markets where we are buying 
cells currently from. And then everything can happen. The balance of the module assembly can 
happen either in US or in India. We have already done this supply chain sourcing strategy, by 
the way. And it means that the entire 25 gigawatt plus worth of existing order book is very well 
planned. And we are very trying to even look at alternate markets to further expand our supply 
chain to off take larger order book. 
Varun: Perfect, perfect. Just quickly on this follow up. Is there any other country which is equally 
positioned as India in terms of capacities or customer relationships post these tariff, non -tariff 
barriers which can supply such large amounts to US?  
Abhishek Pareek: Actually, US in last few years has already carved out China from the supply chain sourcing. It 
has also carved out four countries of Southeast countries which is Cambodia, Malaysia, Vietnam, 
Thailand two years back. Now with the recent duties few more countries are out and more than 
that, more than duty, what is important in US is not duty, rather more important is the FEOC 
compliance. Which is your foreign entity of concern. 
Which means that any supply chain component of the panel which are consumed in US should 
not be supplied by from a company even at the polysilicon level wherein the Chinese holding is 
beyond 30%. So , with this law, whatever be the tariff rates, effectively you can't use Chinese 
products at all in US markets. So apart from China, the largest capacity resides in India. 
If you look at the current capacity in India of module 100 gigawatt plus, cell currently 25, 30 
gigawatts probably going up to 50, 60 gigawatts over next two, three years of time. And of  
course the wafer capacity over next four to five years of time can build up 30, 40 gigawatts. So  
I think India remains the only possible solution as of now at least as far as we can see for the US 
markets.  
Varun:   Very clear. Thank you so much. I'll get back in queue. 
Moderator:  Our next question comes from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. 
Amit Mahawar: Hi sir. I just need one data point if you can share and help. In the current order book and in the 
deliveries in the next two years, '26, '27, what is the broad breakup of order book from India for 
India or order book and shipments from India to US and local US to US? Broadly if you can 
help us understand this in the next one to two year?  
Abhishek Pareek:  If you even consider the current year revenue mix also, you would see that our overseas revenue 
is as I mentioned earlier in the call also is around one-third of the total volumes that we do. So, 
you can expect similar range of continued supply. Even our order book placed is also placed in 
such a way that from the outlook it seems that it is an export heavy order book. 50%, 60% fine.  
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
But then the timeline to cater this order book is not one year. This is around three to four years 
of time. So, on a revenue conversion basis, the overall overseas revenue generally comes around 
30% to 35%, which is the number this year you could see even the last year also the number was 
below 30%. So that market continue to be in this range.  
Amit Mahawar:  And okay. Just clarification. I can assume in FY27 also in this one-third overseas revenue, almost 
all of it is you know from India to US or any percentage you want to give from US to US?  
Abhishek Pareek:  Difficult to give any percentage considering a forward looking statement, but what I can tell you 
is our capacity in US is building up and ramping up every passing quarters. And we would really 
want to supply from those markets where we make more money. We have both solution by the 
way. We can continue to supply more from US markets, we can have a fair mix, but it all depends 
on the time at which we speak and the margins that we make in those quarters. So that that 
strategy is always agile.  
Amit Mahawar:  Sure sir. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead.  
Karan Sanwal:  Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, wanted to understand like when will this polysilicon facility 
in Oman will be operational and when are we expected to start sourcing? Would it be before the 
FEOC kicks in significantly or how are the timelines placed?  
Abhishek Pareek:  FEOC is already kicking in. In fact it is tightening every passing quarter, not year. It means every 
passing quarters the tightening of FEOC will lead the FEOC material continue to become a better 
currency. So, our as far as the Omani polysilicon is concerned, the factory is already at the pilot 
stage and pilot production is already ongoing. Commercial production generally takes two to 
three months of time for such kind of capacities.  
Karan Sanwal:  Understood. And any update on the ongoing investigations against us  regarding the Chinese 
usage of Chinese cells for the US exports?  
Abhishek Pareek:  So, I think as earlier clarified, these kind of discussions and investigation generally take 6 to 12 
months of time. And we continue to cooperate with the government and continue to supply the 
information. However, proactively basis the discussions and advice  of our councils, we have 
already done provision in the last quarter itself on the potential financial impacts.  
Karan Sanwal: Understood. One last question. We highlighted that we did a maybe a top line of around 
INR2,000 crores and 300 megawatt of sales volume from the US plant in the last concall. So , 
are we maintaining the run rate or is there any improvement in the sales?  
Abhishek Pareek:  So, as the new capacity keep coming up, I think the manufacturing in US is bound to increase 
from the numbers that we have seen in the previous quarters.  
Karan Sanwal:  Understood. Yeah, thank you so much and all the best.  
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we'll take the last question from 
Amitoj from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Amitoj: Yeah, thank you so much, sir for taking my question. I just had a few basic questions since I 
joined the call at the later stage. So earlier when circumventing duties were imposed on Vietnam, 
Cambodia, Thailand and Malaysia, we specified that we were sourcing our cells from Indonesia 
and Ethiopia for our US exports. Now that even Indonesia has been hit with these circumventing 
duties, first I wanted to ask was that how much was Indonesia's share if you can disclose or give 
a rough ballpark figure in our tot al cell procurement and which other countries are now we are 
looking at or we have supplier relationships already set up for procureme nt of cells for our US 
exports? Thank you.  
Abhishek Pareek:  So, we generally don't give the percentage of cell procurement from which country how much 
percentage is secured. But one thing that I can tell you is that over past when the South Asian 
supply chain was affected with the US regulations, we were I think quick enough in a quarters 
time to source start sourcing from alternate markets and continued our exports.  
Even when there were few countries which got again affected by the US tariffs, we flipped and 
we added up more geographies to our supply chain. And this as a process continues going ahead 
also. I think there are more capacities expected in the Middle East markets and African markets. 
I think that gives a clear lead indicator there are more markets which are coming up with more 
supply chains solution for the US markets.  
Amitoje: Yes. Got it, sir. Thank you. That was my question. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to hand the conference over to the management 
for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you team.  
Sonal Shrivastava:  So, I hope we were able to address some of the questions around the tariff. And we'll continue 
to do so. We can reach out to our IR team for any further questions if you have any. But just 
want to reiterate that obviously being in a global supply chain com pany, we have to be very 
mindful of our global supply chain.  
So, we continue to develop alternative supply chains, continue to monitor the new upcoming 
regulations and also see what kind of alternatives we can go through, either through developing 
a supply chain or investments. So , in that particular manner, Waaree remains flexible and US 
remains a main market for us, a base market for us. We will continue to develop that as we go 
forward. Thank you.  
Amit Paithankar:  Yeah, hi. This is Amit here. Thank you very much to all the investors to be present in this 
conference call with such numbers. We really appreciate the interest. Also , like Sonal said, we 
would like to reiterate. Number one, US is an extremely important market for us. We are invested 
in it.  We constantly observe all the regulatory changes that happen in that marketplace. The 
current announcement, I would like to reiterate, has no material impact on our operations in 
India or in the US. And that's because of our diversified supply chain, number one. And number 
two, our strong manufacturing presence in the US which is only going to grow. So , thank you 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Waaree Energies Limited 
  February 25, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
very much, ladies and gentlemen. And we look forward to interacting with you in the near future 
as well. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Waaree Energies Limited, that 
conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 