[page 1]
 
 
 
 
   
  Date: 02.09.2025 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
SUB:  ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2024-25 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015 and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made 
thereunder, Please find enclosed herewith Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 202 4-
25, being sent to those members by email whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/Depositories, in accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corpora te 
Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia.  
 
The Annual Report is also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.goodluckindia.com.  
 
This is for your kind reference and record.  
 
Thanking You 
For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MAHESH CHANDRA GARG 
DIRECTOR 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
[page 2]

[page 3]
Contents
Disclaimer
In this annual report, Goodluck India Limited (‘The Company’ or ‘GIL ’ or ‘It’) has disclosed forward-looking information to enable investors to 
comprehend its prospects and take informed investment decisions. This report and other statements – written and oral – that the Company 
periodically makes, contain forward looking statements that set out anticipated results based on the management’s plans and assumptions. The 
Company has tried wherever possible to identify such statements by using words such as ‘anticipates’ , ‘estimates’ , ‘expects’ , ‘projects’ , ‘intends’ , 
‘plans’ , ‘believes’ and words of similar substance in connection with any discussion on future performance. GIL cannot guarantee that these 
forward-looking statements will be realized, although it believes to have been prudent in its assumptions. The achievement of results is subject 
to risks, uncertainties and even inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying 
assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. The Company undertakes no 
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Market Capitalization as at March 31st, 2025: As per NSE - ` 2,287.60 Crores
CIN: L74899DL1986PLC050910
BSE Code: 530655
NSE Code: GOODLUCK
Final Dividend Recommended: ` 4/Share
AGM Date: 25.09.2025
AGM Venue: Through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”) / Other Audio Visual 
Means (“OAVM”)
Scan the QR 
code to view 
our Annual 
Report
Please find our online version at:
https:/ /www.goodluckindia.
com/financial.php
02-47
Corporate Overview
02 Theme Introduction
04 Our Journey
06 About the Company
10 Business Segments
20 Growth & Innovation
22 Leadership Perspective
26 Project Milestones
28 Financial Performance
30 Human Resource 
34 Environment
38 Social
42 Governance
44 Leadership T eam
47 Corporate Information
48-184
Statutory Reports
48 Management Discussion and Analysis
73 Director’s Report
96 Report on Corporate Governance Report
115 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting
185-267
Financial Statements
185 Standalone Financial Statements
227 Consolidated Financial Statements
[page 4]
Theme Introduction
Adapt to 
Accelerate
In the era of rapid transformation, success belongs to 
those who can adapt with speed, embrace innovation, 
and accelerate with a clear sense of direction. 
Goodluck India Limited embodies this approach, 
aligning its strengths with emerging opportunities to 
drive sustainable growth.
The theme ‘Adapt to Accelerate’ reflects 
the Company’s approach to navigating a 
dynamic business environment, adopting new 
technologies, and building capabilities for 
future growth. In FY 2024–25, this philosophy 
translated into meaningful progress — 
commissioning a state-of-the-art hydraulic 
tubes plant to substitute imports of seamless 
tubes, ramping up the new precision pipes 
facility, advancing its defense and aerospace 
subsidiary, and securing prestigious projects 
such as the Mumbai–Ahmedabad High-
Speed Rail corridor. Each of these milestones 
demonstrates Goodluck India’s ability to 
convert challenges into enablers of growth.
The Company’s transformation from a steel 
products manufacturer to a comprehensive 
engineering solutions provider has been driven 
by this mindset. By remaining agile, Goodluck 
India has deepened its presence across 
critical sectors including Defense, Aerospace, 
Infrastructure, Automotive, and Energy, while 
extending its global footprint to more than 100 
countries.
As it looks ahead, the Company remains 
focused on adaptability as the key to 
acceleration. This commitment will continue 
to guide Goodluck India in innovating 
faster, scaling efficiently, and contributing 
meaningfully to India’s industrial and 
infrastructure progress. For the Company, 
adaptability is not merely a response to change 
— it is the catalyst that powers transformation 
and long-term growth.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited2 3Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 5]
Our Journey
Key Highlights 
of Our Journey
Achieved turnover 
exceeding USD 185 million
Commissioned first plant for ERW/CDW Precision Tubes
Commissioned first Forging Plant
Turnover crossed USD 31 million
Enhanced production capacity to 50,000 MTPA
Listed on Indian stock exchanges
Converted into a Public Limited Company
Commissioned first manufacturing plant
Incorporated as a Private Limited Company
 2014          2015          2016        2018         2020         2021          2022          2024            2025
Inaugurated a cutting-edge hydraulic plant with 
a capacity of 50,000 MTPA, designed to replace 
imported seamless tubes
Established a subsidiary, Goodluck Defence 
and Aerospace Limited, to exclusively enhance 
the Company’s footprint in the defense sector
Commissioned new machinery to enhance 
forging capacity of single-piece components 
up to 14,000 kgs, increasing the total annual 
capacity to 30,000 MT
Secured RDSO* approval for the Kutch Plant, 
complementing the existing approval for  Sikandrabad Plant
Commissioned the Kutch facility for the production 
of ERW Precision Tubes
Company name changed to Goodluck India Limited
Expanded engineering structured products portfolio to cater 
to rapidly growing sectors, including Solar and Railways
Commissioned another 
plant for ERW/CDW 
Precision Tubes
Received the Letter of Launch (LoL) from L&T for a 
High-Speed Railway Project worth over USD 27 million, 
encompassing the supply and fabrication of specialized 
bridges along with expanded capacity for precision tubes
 1986            1987           1994          1995         1997         2003        2006          2007         2013
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited4 5Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 6]
About the Company
Defining Goodluck 
India Limited
Goodluck India Limited (GIL) 
is a diversified engineering 
company, delivering high-quality 
steel and engineering solutions 
that power some of the most 
critical industries. With a strong 
presence in Defense, Aerospace, 
Infrastructure, Automotive, 
Energy, and Engineering, the 
Company has positioned itself 
as a trusted partner for both 
domestic and global clients.
The Company operates through six 
state-of-the-art manufacturing units 
with a cumulative installed capacity of 
500,000 MTPA, equipped to produce 
a wide spectrum of products across 
its business segments. Over the years, 
Goodluck India has evolved from being 
a steel products manufacturer into a 
comprehensive engineering solutions 
provider, offering products that meet 
the stringent requirements of marquee 
clients worldwide. The Company today 
exports to more than 100 countries 
worldwide, underlining its growing 
global presence and ability to meet 
international quality standards.
The Company’s operations 
are anchored in four key 
business segments:
Engineering Structures & Precision 
Fabrication – delivering innovative 
solutions for bridges, high-speed rail, smart 
cities, solar parks, and architectural projects
Forgings – producing mission-critical 
components for defense, aerospace, oil 
& gas, nuclear, and heavy engineering 
industries
Precision Pipes & Auto Tubes – 
manufacturing ERW and CDW tubes for 
leading global automotive and engineering 
OEMs
Cold Formed Profile, CR Coils, Pipes & 
Tubes – supplying high-strength cold 
rolled products, hollow sections, GI pipes, 
and corrugated sheets for OEMs and 
infrastructure projects
Through its diversified portfolio, customer-centric 
approach, and focus on innovation, Goodluck 
India continues to create value for stakeholders 
while contributing to India’s industrial progress 
and strengthening its position in the international 
markets.
6
Manufacturing Units
600+
Customers
5,00,000 MTPA
T otal Capacity  
` 2,287.60 Crores 
Market Capitalization
100+
Countries of exports
4,500+
Workforce
ISO 9001:2008 
Certified
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited6 7Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 7]
Core Competencies
 Strong industry knowledge & experience
 Experie nced & motivated management team
 Div erse product range with extensive customization
 F ocus on high-margin, value-added products & 
high-growth sectors
 Div erse customer base
 Commi tment to quality and global standards
Certifications 
 Awarded for outstanding export performance in the Northern Region by the Engineering Export Promotion Council 
for the last three years
 Receiv ed certifications from EEPC for our exports to key global destinations
 Earned Silver Trophy from the Federation of Indian Export Organisations for two consecutive years
Domestic & 
Export Sales
75%
Domestic Sales 
25%
Export Sales
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
89
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
19
20
21
22
24 25
26
27
1
2 3
1
2
4
5
23
18
1 Canada
7 Ghana
4 Bolivia
10 Belgium
15 UAE
21 T anzania
25 Malaysia
2 USA
8 Italy
13 Sweden
19 Ethiopia
5 Chile
11 Germany
16 India
22 Madagascar
26 New Zealand 1 Sikandrabad
2 Kutch
3 Mexico
9 France
14 Russia
20 Kenya
24 Singapore
6 Brazil
12 UK
18 Sri Lanka
17 Oman
23 South Africa
4 Nashik & Aurangabad
1 Ludhiana
5 Chennai
3 Rudrapur
2 Faridabad
27 Australia
Export Market
Manufacturing Plant
Warehouse
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited8 9Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 8]
Business Segments
Building Blocks 
of Acceleration
Goodluck India Limited has built its 
reputation on a diverse business model 
that combines engineering excellence with 
sectoral depth. Each business segment 
is aligned to address the evolving needs 
of industries ranging from infrastructure 
and transportation to energy, defense, 
and automotive. By integrating advanced 
technologies with precision manufacturing, 
these verticals enable the Company to deliver 
specialized, high-value solutions that drive 
progress in both domestic and global markets. 
T ogether, they reflect Goodluck’s ability to 
adapt, innovate, and create enduring value 
across the industrial landscape.  
FY 2024-25
Engineering structure 
and fabrication
23% Forging16%
Precision pipes and Auto Tubes25%
Cold formed profile, CR sheet and pipes36%
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited10 11Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 9]
Engineering Structure 
& Precision Fabrication
The Company delivers end-to-end solutions in complex infrastructures, offering engineering, fabricating, and erecting steel 
and composite structures for marquee projects nationwide.
Railway’s bridges & girders
Primary & secondary structures 
for boilers & turbine generators
Launching girders for steel & 
concrete building structures
Structures for roads & bridges
 T echnology structures
Product Offerings 
New Areas of Growth & Strategic Drivers
Marquee Clients
Goodluck India serves a distinguished 
portfolio of clients including Indian Railways, 
ABB, L&T, Reliance Industries, GMR, ISGEC, 
Sterling & Wilson, Alstom, PowerGrid, 
NTPC, T oshiba, TRF, EIL, NPCIL, and MHSR.
Manufacturing Units
Specialized Formwork Solutions
 Elevated Corridors – Engineering and supplying 
precision formwork systems to support large-scale 
elevated infrastructure projects.
 Tunnel Boring Machines (TBM) for High-Speed Rail 
– Custom-designed formwork tailored to the stringent 
requirements of TBM-driven tunnel construction.
High-Speed Rail Infrastructure
 Station Buildings – Design, fabrication, and erection of 
advanced structural frameworks for high-speed bullet 
train stations.
 Super-Critical Bridges – Execution of complex bridge 
structures designed to meet the technical and safety 
standards of high-speed rail corridors.
Urban & Renewable Infrastructure
 Smart City Structures – Innovative, aesthetic, and 
functional steel structures for integrated urban 
development projects.
 Carports & Solar Parks – Comprehensive solutions 
covering design engineering, fabrication, supply for 
solar panel mounting and covered parking facilities.
Architectural Specialties
 Wire-Drawn Bridge Structures – Signature 
architectural steel works that combine engineering 
precision with visual impact.
End User Industries
Goodluck India Limited caters to a wide spectrum of end-user industries like: 
Roads & 
Highways
Steel & 
Concrete 
Girders
T elecom
Solar Energy
Railways
Building 
Structure
Boilers & 
Turbine 
Generators
` 882.25 Crores 
Revenue
85,000 MTPA 
Capacity
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
13Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Goodluck India Limited12

[page 10]
Forgings
Goodluck India Limited’s Forgings Division is a strategic pillar of its value-added product portfolio, delivering mission-critical, 
precision-engineered components to some of the most demanding sectors worldwide — from defense and aerospace to oil & gas, 
nuclear, and heavy engineering.
Defense products
Gear rings & shanks
Socket welding & slip on flanges
Forged shafts
 Blind & Tube sheets
Aerospace parts
 Forged flanges
Product Offerings 
New Areas of Growth & Strategic Drivers
Marquee Clients
Forging solutions serve leading organisations across defense, aerospace, energy, and engineering, including DRDO, ISRO, HAL, GE 
Oil & Gas, Allied Group, Saint-Gobain, BPCL, Indian Oil, BHEL, Reliance Industries, and L&T.
Diversification into Advanced 
Materials
 Expand ing capabilities in stainless steel, duplex, carbon, 
and alloy steel forgings to cater to high-specification 
requirements across aerospace, defense, and energy 
sectors.
Integrated End-to-End Solutions
 Strengt hening its position as a full-service forging 
solutions provider, offering complete capabilities 
from design and tooling to forging, machining, heat 
treatment, and finishing for both domestic and 
international clients.
End User Industries
Goodluck India Limited caters to a wide array of end-user industries, reflecting its versatile expertise and commitment to quality. 
Its solutions support key sectors such as:
Aerospace 
Nuclear Power 
General 
Engineering
Automobiles 
Petrochemicals Fertilizers
Defense
Oil & Gas 
Construction 
& Earthmoving 
Equipment 
` 616.65 Crores 
Revenue
30,000 MTPA 
Capacity
Manufacturing 
Units
Strategic Defense Partnerships
Goodluck India’s forging capabilities play a pivotal role in supporting the nation’s 
strategic defense and aerospace programs. The Company is a trusted supplier of 
critical components for:
These associations underscore the Company’s technical expertise, precision 
manufacturing capabilities, and unwavering commitment to advancing India’s 
national security objectives and promoting indigenous defense production.
 Pr alay Missiles
 HAL – H TFE Program
 Br ahMos Missiles
 Pinaka Rockets & Indigenous Rocket Launcher
 K9 V ajra – Tracked Howitzer
 T alwar Class Frigates
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited14 15Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 11]
Precision Pipes 
& Auto Tubes
The Precision Pipes & Auto Tubes segment forms a vital part of Goodluck India’s diversified portfolio, serving as a key supplier 
to global automobile majors and engineering industries. With advanced manufacturing facilities for ERW (Electric Resistance 
Welded) and CDW (Cold Drawn Welded) tubes, the Company delivers high-quality, dimensionally accurate products that meet 
stringent international standards.
CDW tubes
Boiler tubes
ERW tubes
 Engineering tubes
Product Offerings 
New Areas of Growth & Strategic Drivers
Consistent Quality 
 Supplyi ng precision tubes that meet stringent 
requirements of domestic and international OEMs.
Strengthening Customer Loyalty
 Steady rise in repeat orders, reflecting long-term 
partnerships.
High-Margin Offerings 
 Expand ing focus on value-added tubes for automotive 
and engineering applications.
Export-Led Growth  
 Serving  as a key contributor to Goodluck’s export 
revenues, supported by strong global demand.
End User Industries
Our precision pipes cater to diverse applications in infrastructure and manufacturing, while our auto tubes support the automotive 
sector’s need for durability and performance, serving a broad spectrum of end-user industries.
Automotive 
Industries
General 
Engineering
Oil & Gas and 
Petrochemical
Pressure 
Vessels
Thermal 
Power Valves
Construction & 
Earth Moving 
Equipment
Non-Automotive Tubes for Cylinders of Heavy 
Earth Movers & JCB
Defense
Heat Exchanger 
Nuclear Power
Fertilizers
Marquee Clients
The Company’s marquee clients include Volkswagen, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Skoda, Renault, GM, Ashok Leyland, TVS, Bajaj, 
Gabriel, ISGEC, T albros, Mahindra, and T ata Motors.
Manufacturing Units
` 949.28 Crores 
Revenue
1,70,000 MTPA 
Capacity
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited16 17Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 12]
Cold Formed Profile, 
CR Coils Pipes & Tubes
The Cold Formed Profile, CR Coils, Pipes & Tubes segment is one of the largest contributors to Goodluck India’s business portfolio, 
providing a wide range of products that cater to infrastructure, engineering, and government-led projects. With advanced rolling 
and forming facilities, the Company produces high-quality cold rolled sheets, pipes, and hollow sections that are valued for their 
durability, tensile strength, and efficiency
Cold rolled coils and sheets
Hollow sections (square, rectangle, 
round hollow)
Corrugated sheets
 GI pipes
Product Offerings 
New Areas of Growth & Strategic Drivers 
Enhanced Product Range  
 De velopment of customized thickness options to meet 
diverse industrial requirements.
High-Strength Solutions 
 F ocus on producing coils and pipes with superior tensile 
strength for demanding applications.
Durability & Efficiency 
 Deliv ering products with longer service life and 
improved operational efficiency.
Strategic Supply Focus   
 Caterin g exclusively to OEMs and government projects, 
ensuring quality, reliability, and scale
Marquee Clients
The Company’s marquee clients encompass public 
sector OEMs, private sector OEMs, as well as central 
and state government entities.
` 1,350.27 Crores 
Revenue
2,15,000 MTPA 
Capacity
Manufacturing Units
End User Industries
Our precision pipes cater to diverse applications in infrastructure and manufacturing, while our auto tubes support the automotive 
sector’s need for durability and performance, serving a broad spectrum of end-user industries. 
Railways Support 
StructuresRoads bridges
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
19Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Goodluck India Limited18

[page 13]
Key Growth Initiatives
Hydraulic Tubes 
Plant- Import 
Substitution at Scale
 Commi ssioned in January 2025 at 
Bulandshahar, Uttar Pradesh, with a capacity 
of 50,000 MTPA
 Designe d to serve as an import substitute 
for seamless tubes, enabling India to reduce 
dependence on imported products
 Expecte d to deliver stronger margins through 
value-added applications in hydraulics, 
automotive, and engineering sectors
50,000 MTPA
Capacity  
Growth & Innovation
Innovation: the 
Catalyst for Growth
Goodluck India continues to focus 
on scaling capacities, strengthening 
technology, and creating future-
ready solutions to serve high-growth 
sectors. Strategic investments and 
innovation initiatives are enabling 
the Company to move beyond steel 
manufacturing to become a holistic 
engineering solutions provider. 
Solar & Smart Structures - Green & Renewable Focus 
 Expand ing engineering structures portfolio to include solar parks, carports, and smart city structures
 Supporting India’s clean energy and sustainable infrastructure mission
Defense & Aerospace Subsidiary 
– Forging India’s Future
 Goodluck Defence & Aerospace, established to produce 1.5 lakh 
M107 shells (150 mm dia), has been completed in record time and is 
ready for trial production, awaiting final government clearances
 Comme rcial operations are expected soon
 Capacit y to manufacture ~150,000 precision components annually, 
covering forging, machining, heat treatment, and coating
 Directly  aligned with Make in India and Atmanirbhar Bharat missions
1,50,000 Components
Capacity
Precision Pipes 
(CDW) Facility – 
Scaling for Mobility
 Ramp-u p underway at the newly 
established CDW tube plant
 F ull-scale commercial operations 
expected by late 2025
 Plan to cater rising demand from domestic 
and international automotive OEMs
Bullet Train 
Project - Landmark 
Infrastructure Order
 Secured an order under the Engineering 
Structures vertical for the Mumbai–
Ahmedabad High-Speed Rail (Bullet 
Train) Project
 Reinforces Goodluck’s role in India’s 
transformative infrastructure growth
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited20 21Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 14]
Leadership Perspective
Message from 
the Chairman
Dear Valued 
Stakeholders,
It is with great satisfaction that I present Goodluck India 
Limited’s Annual Report for FY 2024–25, highlighting a 
year of strong financial performance, strategic milestones, 
and future-ready initiatives.
Products & Segments
Goodluck India Limited has built a diverse and future-
ready product portfolio spanning Engineering Structures, 
Forgings, Precision Pipes & Auto Tubes, Cold Formed 
Profile, CR Coils & Tubes, and Defense & Aerospace. 
These offerings serve as the backbone for industries such 
as infrastructure, defense, aerospace, automobiles, oil & 
gas, and renewable energy, making the Company a trusted 
partner for mission-critical projects.
With a sharp focus on scale and value creation, the 
Company has expanded its total manufacturing capacity 
to 5,00,000 MTPA. Of this, 2,85,000 MTPA is dedicated to 
high-margin, value-added products, while 2,15,000 MTPA 
caters to high-volume products. This strategic mix allows 
Goodluck to balance consistent growth with profitability, 
while steadily increasing its share of value-added solutions.
From high-speed rail and metro infrastructure to advanced 
forgings for defense, precision tubes for global auto 
leaders, and specialized solutions for renewable energy, 
Goodluck’s products power some of the most demanding 
and transformative sectors.
With an increasing emphasis on value-added, high-margin 
offerings, and expanding opportunities in areas such as 
aerospace, EVs, and solar, the Company is strengthening 
its position as a trusted partner in mission-critical projects. 
This future-ready mix reflects Goodluck’s commitment to 
innovation, excellence, and sustainable growth.
Financial Performance
FY 2024–25 was a year of strong and broad-based growth 
for Goodluck India Limited, marked by record revenue 
and profitability. The Company achieved a total income 
of ` 3,965.8 crore, reflecting a growth of 12.2% over the 
previous year. This performance was underpinned by 
robust demand across business segments and a sustained 
focus on high-margin, value-added products.
The operating performance remained resilient, with 
EBITDA rising 16.3% to ` 340.8 crore, accompanied by 
a margin expansion of 35 basis points to 8.7%. Net Profit 
registered a significant growth of 23.9% year-on-year to 
` 882.25 Crores 
Revenue from Engineering Structure & 
Precision Fabrication
` 949.28 Crores 
Revenue from Precision Tubes & 
Auto Tubes
` 616.65 Crores 
Revenue from Forging
` 1,350.27 Crores 
Revenue from Cold Formed Profile, 
CR Coils, Pipes & Tubes
With a sharp focus on scale and 
value creation, the Company has 
expanded its total manufacturing 
capacity to 5,00,000 MTPA. Of this, 
2,85,000 MTPA is dedicated to 
high-margin, value-added products, 
while 2,15,000 MTPA caters to 
high-volume products. This strategic 
mix allows Goodluck to balance 
consistent growth with profitability, 
while steadily increasing its share of 
value-added solutions.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited22 23Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 15]
Robust Volume Growth & 
Operational Excellence
For FY 2024-25, the Company achieved sales volume 
exceeding 4,42,000 metric tons, representing a 15.3% 
year-on-year growth. This expansion was fueled by strong 
demand across sectors such as automobile, infrastructure, 
and increasingly from international markets. Strategic 
capacity increases were made: engineering structures now 
stand at 85,000 metric tons; precision pipes and automobile 
products at 1,70,000 metric tons; and Cold Formed Profile, 
CR sheets and pipes at approximately 2,15,000 metric tons. 
Average overall capacity utilization for the year was an 
impressive 89%, evidence of both demand momentum and 
operational efficiency.
Projects across Sectors
The Company’s efforts were further validated by the 
successful, ahead-of-schedule completion of a large 
diameter pipe mill—one of a kind globally—which has 
received a strong worldwide response. In the defense 
and aerospace domain, a key area of focus, the subsidiary 
Goodluck Defence & Aerospace is progressing rapidly 
with its new plant for 155 mm gun shells. Designed to 
manufacture 1,50,000 shells annually, the project has been 
completed ahead of schedule, with trial commissioning 
pending final government approvals. The Company’s role in 
prestigious programs such as the BrahMos missile project 
further underscores its technical expertise and credibility 
in this critical sector. This plant, along with the newly 
commissioned precision tube facility, will be game-changers 
for the Company. They elevate the performance capability—
demonstrated by a record 95% capacity utilization in Q4, 
despite various market headwinds.
The Company has made notable progress across high-
potential sectors including automobile, infrastructure, oil 
& gas, solar, and defense. A key highlight is the execution of 
` 3,965.81 Crores 
Revenue
its first order of 22,000 tons for the Mumbai–Ahmedabad 
Bullet Train project, alongside the development of a second 
design for this initiative. In addition, the Company has 
pioneered the development of an innovative large-diameter 
pipe for construction equipment, a product unique on 
the global stage. With utilization levels reaching 70–80%, 
the Company is well-placed to explore future capacity 
expansions to meet rising demand and sustain its growth 
momentum.
Goodluck India Limited has continued to strengthen its 
position as a trusted partner in some of the nation’s most 
transformative projects. A marquee achievement has been 
its contribution to the Mumbai–Ahmedabad High-Speed 
Rail Project (Bullet Train), where the Company successfully 
executed critical steel structures that were approved ahead 
of schedule. Building on this milestone, Goodluck India has 
also secured additional orders for the second Bullet Train 
project, reaffirming its engineering leadership in India’s 
high-speed rail network.
Beyond high-speed rail, the Company remains deeply 
engaged in advancing India’s urban infrastructure. It 
has contributed significantly to the Chennai Metro Rail 
elevated viaduct, the Rapid Rail Transit corridor, and iconic 
bridge projects such as the Bowstring Bridge at Prayagraj, 
completed in a record 70 days to facilitate traffic during 
the Maha Kumbh Mela. The Company also supplied major 
structures for the Gangapath Project in Patna, the Mokama 
Double Track Railway Bridge, and the Ranchi Cable-Stayed 
Bridge-the longest such bridge over a railway line in the 
country. In the industrial segment, Goodluck delivered 
over 10,000 MT of fabricated structures for ArcelorMittal 
Nippon Steel’s Hazira expansion project.
Engineering Excellence at Scale
Goodluck India is proud to have 
contributed critical raw materials for 
the iconic Chenab Bridge in Jammu & 
Kashmir — the world’s highest railway 
bridge. T owering over the Chenab River, 
this engineering masterpiece exemplifies 
India’s infrastructure excellence. 
Goodluck’s role in its construction 
underscores the Company’s ability to 
support projects of unparalleled scale, 
complexity, and global significance.
` 161.7 crore, underscoring operational efficiency and 
prudent financial management. Earnings per Share (EPS) 
improved to ` 49.71, compared to ` 45.92 in FY 2023–24.
These results reflect the effectiveness of Goodluck India’s 
strategic direction, operational discipline, and growing 
presence in high-growth sectors such as railways, defense, 
aerospace, automobiles, and renewable energy. With a 
healthy balance sheet and a market capitalization of nearly 
` 3,000 crore as of May 2025, the Company is well-
positioned to continue its journey of delivering sustainable 
growth and long-term value creation for stakeholders.
The Company is also playing a growing role in India’s clean 
energy transition. With its expertise in advanced fabrication, 
Goodluck India has emerged as a key supplier of specialized 
transmission tubes and solar hardware across India. These 
solutions are supporting the rapid expansion of solar parks 
and renewable energy projects, positioning the Company as 
a vital contributor to the country’s sustainability agenda.
People & Learning
At Goodluck India Limited, people are seen as the true 
catalysts of progress. The Company continues to foster a 
culture of inclusion, collaboration, and innovation, ensuring 
that individual growth is closely aligned with organizational 
goals.
A defining milestone this year has been the launch of the 
Goodluck Learning Centre, a dedicated hub for continuous 
learning and capability building. Conceived as a center 
of excellence, it is designed to bridge skill gaps, elevate 
productivity, and cultivate innovation. The platform 
equips employees with advanced technical and managerial 
competencies, while preparing them to embrace emerging 
technologies such as artificial intelligence and data analytics. 
With structured training modules, leadership development 
programs, and data-driven evaluation dashboards, the 
Centre is shaping future-ready leaders who will carry the 
organization forward.
Alongside this, Goodluck India strengthens its focus 
on talent development, performance management, 
and employee engagement, supported by world-class 
Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) systems aligned 
to ISO 45001:2018 standards. By investing in people, the 
Company is nurturing not only high-performing teams but 
also leaders who will drive long-term, sustainable growth.
Sustainability & Governance
Goodluck India Limited places sustainability and 
governance at the heart of its strategy, ensuring that 
business growth is closely aligned with environmental 
responsibility and ethical practices. The Company continues 
to invest in renewable energy initiatives, including solar 
and green hydrogen, to reduce its dependence on fossil 
fuels and align with global sustainability priorities. Carbon 
footprint reduction is a key area of focus, supported by 
CO
2 emission offsetting measures and the adoption of 
European-standard crash barriers to improve road safety.
In addition, the Company actively pursues natural resource 
conservation through large-scale tree plantation program, 
as well as continuous efforts to reduce water consumption 
and energy usage across operations. These measures 
reflect a long-term commitment to building a sustainable 
and greener future.
On the social front, Goodluck India has embedded 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as an integral part 
of its growth journey. Its initiatives span animal welfare, 
eradication of hunger and poverty, promoting healthcare, 
and supporting education. These efforts aim to uplift 
communities, improve quality of life, and ensure inclusive 
growth in the regions where the Company operates.
Governance remains the backbone of this approach. 
Anchored in the principles of transparency, integrity, 
and accountability, Goodluck India has built a robust 
governance framework that ensures responsible decision-
making, effective oversight, and alignment with stakeholder 
expectations. By fostering ethical conduct and strategic 
coherence, the Company continues to strengthen its 
reputation as a trusted organization in both domestic and 
international markets.
Key Updates & Outlook
During the year, Goodluck India Limited achieved 
significant milestones that further strengthened its growth 
trajectory. The commissioning of the Hydraulic Tubes Plant 
at Bulandshahr in January 2025 marked a pivotal step 
forward. As an import-substitution initiative, the facility 
helps curb India’s reliance on seamless tube imports and 
enhances the Company’s margin profile. The plant has 
already begun contributing meaningfully from Q1 FY26, 
positioning Goodluck as a competitive and reliable player in 
this specialized domain.
In parallel, the Company reinforced its commitment to 
sustainability with the augmentation of solar support 
structure capacity, a move that strengthens its role as a 
partner in India’s clean energy transition. This investment 
reflects Goodluck’s proactive approach to enabling large-
scale solar adoption across the country, aligning both with 
national priorities and global sustainability goals.
Looking ahead, Goodluck India remains focused on 
leveraging its expanded capacities, specialized capabilities, 
and strategic investments to capture opportunities in 
high-growth sectors. With the ramp-up of new facilities and 
a sharper focus on value-added solutions, the Company 
is confident of achieving double-digit revenue growth 
and margin expansion in FY 2025-26, while continuing its 
journey toward becoming a billion-dollar enterprise.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our employees, 
customers, investors, and partners for their continued 
trust, as we accelerate into the next phase of growth with 
renewed determination and clarity of purpose.
Warm Regards,
M.C Garg
Chairman
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited24 25Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 16]
Gangapath : Patna Supply of Steel 
Composite Girders
Rapid Rail Corridor between 
Ashoknagar and Barapullah
Chennai Metro Rail Corporation 
elevated Viaduct – Steel Spans
Bowstring bridge for 
Prayagraj City Road 
Arcellor Mittal Nippon Steel Expansion 
of Capacity Project 
Mokama Bridge 
Mumbai Ahmedabad High 
Speed Rail
Ranchi Cable Stay Bridge 
Project Milestones
Engineering 
Excellence in Action
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited26 27Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 17]
Financial Performance
Financial Fortitude 
The financial year 2024–25 was a defining period in Goodluck India Limited’s growth 
journey, marked by strong execution and a resilient business model. Navigating a complex 
macroeconomic environment and shifting industry dynamics, the Company remained focused 
on operational excellence and strategic growth. The Company continued to build on its core 
strengths, achieving solid performance across business verticals through disciplined cost 
control, process optimization, and an expanding global footprint. With a focus on innovation, 
customer-centricity, and sustainable practices, it recorded healthy revenue growth and 
maintained strong profitability metrics.
Total Sales Volume (MT)
FY  
2020-21
2,19,903
FY  
2021-22
2,64,419
FY  
2023-24
3,74,165
FY  
2022-23
3,16,718
FY  
2024-25
4,42,618
Export Sales (` in Crores) 
FY  
2020-21
475.22
FY  
2021-22
1,034.51
FY  
2023-24
923.45
FY  
2022-23
925.67
FY  
2024-25
960.19
Domestic Sales (` in Crores)
FY  
2020-21
1,070.80
FY  
2021-22
1,543.20
FY  
2023-24
2,560.40
FY  
2022-23
2,122.30
FY  
2024-25
2,838.26
Total Revenue (` in Crores) 
FY  
2020-21
1,577.99
FY  
2021-22
2,617.10
FY  
2023-24
3,535.02
FY  
2022-23
3,085.89
FY  
2024-25
3,965.81
EBITDA (` in Crores) 
FY  
2020-21
122.37
FY  
2021-22
186.89
FY  
2023-24
292.93
FY  
2022-23
218.28
FY  
2024-25
340.79
PBT (` in Crores) 
FY  
2020-21
40.02
FY  
2021-22
100.58
FY  
2023-24
179.89
FY  
2022-23
120.12
FY  
2024-25
215.58
PAT (` in Crores)
FY  
2020-21
30.05
FY  
2021-22
75.01
FY  
2023-24
130.54
FY  
2022-23
86.90
FY  
2024-25
161.73
ROE
FY  
2020-21
8.24
FY  
2021-22
17.66
FY  
2023-24
15.93
FY  
2022-23
16.02
FY  
2024-25
14.5
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited28 29Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 18]
Human Resources
Driving Change 
Through People
The strength of Goodluck India Limited lies in the passion, 
dedication, and capabilities of its people. In FY 2024–25, 
the Company continued to strengthen its human capital 
by building a culture of collaboration, innovation, and 
continuous learning. Recognizing that its workforce is pivotal 
to driving operational excellence and long-term value, 
it focused on enhancing employee engagement, 
building future-ready capabilities, and 
promoting a performance-driven work 
environment. Through focused learning, 
leadership development, and employee 
well-being, the Company enabled its 
teams to excel in a dynamic environment, 
aligned with its vision of a resilient, agile, 
and inclusive organization.
Diversity & Inclusion
Promoting an inclusive and diverse workplace continues 
to be a strategic priority at Goodluck India Limited. The 
Company is committed in cultivating a workplace where 
diverse perspectives and backgrounds are not only welcomed 
but celebrated. Its strict Zero T olerance Policy on Sexual 
Harassment ensures a safe and respectful environment, fully 
compliant with all legal frameworks, empowering employees 
to perform at their best. Its workforce is enriched by a broad 
mix of generations, from emerging millennials and Gen Z 
talent to experienced professionals approaching retirement. 
By embracing this diversity and nurturing an inclusive culture, 
the Company drives innovation, strengthens teamwork, and 
creates meaningful opportunities for every employee to grow 
and succeed. Focused recruitment initiatives targeting young 
talent continue to attract millennials and Gen Z, providing 
them with robust platforms for skill enhancement and career 
progression.
Talent Acquisition & 
Onboarding
Goodluck India Limited continued to strengthen its talent 
pipeline through strategic hiring and targeted recruitment 
initiatives. Its focus remained on attracting high-potential 
candidates aligned with the Company’s values and growth 
vision. A structured and seamless onboarding process ensures 
new employees are well-integrated into the organization, 
equipped with the tools, training, and cultural understanding 
needed to contribute effectively from the start.
Employee Development 
& Training
Nurturing talent and fostering a culture of continuous 
learning remain key priorities at Goodluck India Limited. 
During FY 2024–25, the Company strengthened its focus 
on capability building through targeted upskilling and 
reskilling programs tailored to evolving business needs. A 
blend of classroom sessions, digital learning platforms, and 
hands-on workshops enabled employees to sharpen their 
technical, leadership, and cross-functional skills. Dedicated 
development tracks were also introduced for high-potential 
talent, supported by mentoring and structured learning 
journeys. These efforts not only enhanced individual 
performance but also reinforced its talent pipeline to drive 
long-term organizational success.
154
T otal Training Programs
3,458 Hours
T otal Training Hours 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited30 31Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 19]
Nurturing Talent & Well 
Being
Goodluck India Limited remains committed to creating a 
supportive and empowering work environment that promotes 
both engagement and holistic well-being. The Company 
ensures a healthy work-life balance, encouraging employees 
to spend quality time with their families while excelling 
professionally. A strong culture of transparency and open 
communication is reinforced through its open-door policy, 
which provides employees with direct access to the Chairman 
and Directors for grievance redressal and feedback.
Management transparency and active dialogue are key 
pillars of the Company’s engagement strategy. By fostering 
a culture of open communication, recognition, and mutual 
respect, the Company empowers employees to make 
meaningful decisions and confidently rely on leadership for 
guidance and support. Regular health initiatives, including 
free medical check-up camps at the workplace, further reflect 
the Company’s commitment to employee well-being. Through 
these continuous efforts, Goodluck India Limited ensures its 
workforce remains motivated, connected, and equipped to 
realize its full potential.
Performance 
Management, Reward & 
Recognition
Goodluck India Limited is dedicated to building a high-
performance culture where every employee’s contribution is 
valued and aligned with the Company’s strategic priorities. 
Through a structured and transparent performance 
management system, the Company sets clear expectations, 
facilitates continuous feedback, and encourages personal 
and professional development. Exceptional achievements 
are acknowledged through targeted reward and recognition 
initiatives designed to motivate employees and reinforce a 
culture of excellence and innovation. This comprehensive 
approach not only drives individual growth but also 
strengthens organizational performance and long-term 
success.
Occupational Health & 
Safety
The well-being and safety of employees form the foundation 
of the organization’s values, demonstrated through the 
rigorous implementation of a comprehensive Health & 
Safety Management system. Safety remains the highest 
priority, consistently emphasized during Management review 
meetings. Regular safety briefings and audits ensure ongoing 
evaluation and improvement of safety protocols. Recent 
enhancements include strengthened fire safety measures 
and the launch of extensive health and wellness programs, 
underscoring the commitment to maintaining a secure and 
healthy work environment.
ISO 45001: 2018
Certification
The Company’s strategy encompasses thorough risk 
assessments, comprehensive training programs, well-defined 
standards and procedures, ergonomic workplace design, and 
careful management of hazardous materials. Emphasizing 
preparedness, the Company conducts regular safety training 
sessions, emergency simulation drills, and actively promotes 
‘Near Miss’ reporting alongside Hazard and Operability 
(HAZOP) analysis to strengthen workplace safety. Through 
the continuous refinement of these initiatives, it strives to 
create a secure work environment, mitigate risks effectively, 
and enhance overall productivity.
Learning Centre: Empowering Goodluck India’s 
People, Enhancing their Edge
Goodluck India Limited’s Learning Centre serves as a driving force behind the Company’s commitment to excellence. In the fast-
evolving manufacturing landscape, the organization recognizes that skilled and future-ready teams are its most important asset. 
The Learning Centre plays a pivotal role in nurturing talent, ensuring that employees are equipped to meet current and future 
industry challenges with confidence and expertise.
Distinctive Attributes
Bridging Skill Gaps
T argeted training closes knowledge 
gaps and sharpens skills for all rolesBoosting Morale
Investing in people increases 
satisfaction and loyalty
Enhancing Quality & Efficiency
Skilled teams mean less waste, fewer 
errors, and happier customersDriving Innovation
Workshops on AI & data analytics 
keep us ahead in smart manufacturing
Key Highlights
Vision Mission Strategic 
Alignment
Future 
Ready 
Workforce
Leadership 
Development
Data-Driven 
EvaluationCentre of 
Excellence 
for learning, 
empowering 
industry leaders
Continual skill 
growth and 
mindset shift 
with modern 
programs
Direct link 
between 
learning 
programs and 
business goals
Focus on new 
tech for smart 
manufacturing
Clear pathways 
for internal 
growth
Training 
dashboards to 
track impact
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
33Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Goodluck India Limited32

[page 20]
Environment
Engineering Growth 
with Environmental 
Responsibility
Goodluck India Limited places strong emphasis on environmental 
stewardship as an integral part of its business strategy. The Company 
remains committed to minimizing ecological impact through the 
adoption of renewable energy, efficient resource management, 
and eco-friendly technologies. By aligning its operations with 
global sustainability benchmarks, Goodluck India Limited ensures 
that industrial growth is pursued responsibly, balancing economic 
performance with long-term environmental care.
Renewable 
Energy Initiatives
Goodluck India Limited is firmly committed 
to promoting sustainability through 
the adoption of renewable energy and 
resource-efficient practices. The Company’s 
renewable energy initiatives are aligned 
with global environmental standards and 
focused on reducing carbon footprint while 
optimizing operational efficiencies.
Goodluck India Limited34
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
35Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 21]
Capital Investment 
in Conservation
5%
Reduction in Fresh 
Water Consumption
` 40 Lakhs 
For DEFORM 
engineering software
` 3.25 Crores 
For ETP and RO 
system upgrades
` 3.41 Crores 
For MEE modification
` 40 Crores 
For rainwater 
harvesting installations
` 1.36 Crores 
for modernisation of cold saw 
machinery in the tube mill
Solar Energy 
Integration
Expanded solar energy utilization across 
plants and offices through in-house 
installations and purchase agreements with 
solar producers. A significant portion of our 
energy needs is now met through clean, 
renewable sources.
Natural Air-Cooling 
in Forging Division
Transitioned from water-based cooling 
systems to natural air cooling, reducing 
water usage and lowering energy intensity in 
operations.
Water Conservation 
& Rainwater 
Harvesting
Implemented optimized rainwater 
harvesting systems and recycling 
mechanisms, achieving a 5% reduction in 
freshwater consumption while contributing 
to groundwater replenishment.
Eco-Friendly Utility 
Upgrades
Replaced disposable paper filter rolls with 
recyclable plastic band filters, reducing 
waste generation and supporting a circular 
resource cycle.
Efficient Use of 
Daylight
Redesigned workspaces to maximize natural 
daylight, cutting down on artificial lighting 
requirements and driving energy savings.
Energy Conservation 
Initiatives
Conservation of 
Natural Resources
` 82.38 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
55,000
Saplings Planted
Circular Resource 
Utilization
Adopted the “Reduce, Recycle, Reuse” philosophy—
recycling treated water from the Effluent Treatment Plant 
for in-plant usage, and repurposing iron scrap and used 
HCL as inputs for new projects, thereby minimizing waste 
and conserving natural resources.
Technology-Driven 
Efficiency
Deployed advanced solutions such as air-cooled VRF 
air-conditioning with non-CFC gases, upgraded aerator 
drive systems in ETP (saving 3,600 units/month), and 
installed a 5,000 KV transformer for optimized power load 
management.
Sustainable Mobility
Encouraged employees to use public transport, carpooling, 
and bicycles, actively lowering fuel use and cutting down on 
vehicular emissions.
Preserving Roots
The Company, in collaboration with the NGO Soshio 
Legal Research and Education Foundation, is supporting 
restoration efforts in a village in Uttarakhand, focusing on 
preserving local culture and traditional architecture.
Environmental 
Sustainability
As part of its environmental initiatives, the Company 
facilitated sapling plantation to promote ecological balance 
and sustainability.
Goodluck India Limited36
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
37Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 22]
Social
Commitment 
to Society
Goodluck India Limited is deeply committed to building meaningful 
partnerships with the communities it serves. By actively engaging 
with stakeholders and understanding local priorities, the Company 
develops initiatives that deliver tangible benefits and lasting impact. 
Its community engagement approach blends social, economic, and 
environmental considerations, ensuring that programs address 
immediate needs while creating pathways for sustainable growth 
and long-term well-being.
` 291.19 Lakhs 
Amount Spent towards CSR
Company’s CSR Vision
T o empower communities with sustainable livelihoods
CSR Framework
Goodluck India Limited’s CSR framework is guided 
by a commitment to create meaningful social impact 
through focused initiatives that align with community 
needs, promote sustainable development and uphold 
the Company’s core values of responsibility and 
inclusivity.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
39Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements
Goodluck India Limited38

[page 23]
CSR Initiatives
Animal Welfare
The Company recognizes the importance of animal welfare 
as part of its social responsibility agenda. It undertakes 
focused programs aimed at improving cattle care, which 
include providing enriched nutrition to enhance vitality and 
productivity, and ensuring proactive veterinary supervision. 
These initiatives are designed to foster a safe, healthy 
and humane environment, underscoring the Company’s 
commitment to responsible and compassionate practices.
Promoting Education
Education forms a central pillar of Goodluck India Limited’s 
CSR initiatives. The Company is committed to improving 
access to quality education, creating opportunities for 
underserved students, and enabling their long-term growth 
and success.
` 45.58 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
` 12.14 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
Key initiatives undertaken in 
FY 2024-25:
 Cattle w ere regularly fed in the Gaushala to 
ensure their nutrition and well-being
 Repaire d Gaushala sheds to provide a safe and 
comfortable shelter for the cattle
Promoting Healthcare
Goodluck India Limited is dedicated to advancing 
community health through targeted investments in local 
healthcare infrastructure, support for medical research, and 
promotion of health education initiatives. By focusing on 
both preventive and curative care, the Company strives to 
enhance access to quality medical services and contribute 
to the overall well-being of the communities it serves.
` 90.31 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
Key initiatives undertaken in 
FY 2024-25:
 Conducted free healthcare checkups in 
Ghaziabad and Gujarat
 Organiz ed free eye testing camps in Ghaziabad 
and Gujarat
 Donate d medical equipment to a hospital in 
Ghaziabad to enhance healthcare services
 Installe d a lift in a hospital in Ghaziabad to 
improve accessibility for patients
 Pro vided a generator set to a hospital to 
ensure uninterrupted power supply
Key initiatives undertaken in 
FY 2024-25:
 Distribu ted stationery to underprivileged 
school children in Ghaziabad to support their 
education
 Supported the education of underprivileged 
children in Gujarat, with a special focus on 
speech-impaired students
Eradicating Hunger, Poverty 
& malnutrition
Goodluck India Limited is committed to addressing hunger, 
poverty, and malnutrition through initiatives that ensure 
access to nutritious food, promote sustainable livelihoods, 
and support vulnerable communities.
` 15.37 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
Key initiatives undertaken in 
FY 2024-25:
 F ood distribution to promote community 
welfare and fight hunger
 Pro vided a truck facility for transporting food 
supplies
 Extende d support to a Gram Panchayat in 
Gujarat by enabling resources for community 
meal programs
Reducing Inequality
The Company is dedicated to creating inclusive growth by 
implementing initiatives that bridge social and economic 
disparities. Through targeted programs, it strives to 
create equal opportunities and empower underserved 
communities.
` 44.82 Lakhs 
Amount Spent
Key initiatives undertaken in 
FY 2024-25:
 Installe d solar street lights on village roads 
in the Kutch area, investing ` 0.24 Crores to 
enhance rural infrastructure and sustainability
 Facilita ted social infrastructure in Bulandshahr 
through the construction of a community hall 
for residents Installe d an RO system in Gujarat to provide 
clean and safe drinking water
 Installe d CCTV cameras to enhance security 
and ensure a safe environment for all
Other Key Initiatives
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited40 41Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 24]
Governance
Governance 
Framework
Goodluck India Limited’s governance practices are built on a foundation 
of integrity, responsibility, and long-term value creation. Anchored in the 
principles of transparency, accountability, and ethical conduct, the Company’s 
governance framework ensures that every decision serves the best interests of 
its stakeholders. 
The Board, comprising a balanced mix of executive and independent directors, provides strategic guidance and rigorous 
oversight through specialized committees on audit, risk management, nomination and remuneration, and stakeholder 
relations. All directors are certified as non-disqualified, and senior management has affirmed complete adherence to the 
Code of Conduct. Independent secretarial audits confirm full compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements. 
Through this strong governance architecture, we safeguard stakeholder trust, enable sustainable growth, and ensure 
enduring value creation.
Board Composition
The Board comprises a balanced mix of executive 
and independent directors
Governance Policies
Well-defined committees ensure focused 
attention on key areas such as Audit, Risk 
Management, Nomination & Remuneration and 
Stakeholder Relations.
Code of Conduct
The Directors have been certified as non- 
disqualified under applicable laws and the senior 
management team has affirmed adherence to the 
company’s governance standards.
50%              
Executive Directors
50%              
Independent Directors
54              
Average Age of Board
Board Composition 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited42 43Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 25]
Leadership Team
Senior 
Management Team
Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg
Chairperson
Mr. Garg, an alumnus of the prestigious Indian Institute of 
T echnology, graduated in 1967 and brings over five decades 
of rich professional experience. A visionary leader, he is 
distinguished for his exceptional management skills honed over 
years of dedicated service.
Mr. Ramesh Chandra Garg
Whole-Time Director
Mr. R.C. Garg, an engineering graduate in Mining from the 
prestigious ISM–Dhanbad, brings over five decades of extensive 
experience in the coal industry. He is widely recognized as a strong 
motivator and an exceptional team leader.
Mr. Nitin Garg
Whole Time Director
Mr. Garg, a qualified engineer and MBA graduate from the 
Narsee Monjee Institute of Management, oversees the 
Company’s production operations. He has previously been 
associated with reputed organizations such as Yamaha Motors 
and Honda Motors.
Mr. Shri Shambhu Nath Singh
Whole Time Director
Shri Shambhu Nath Singh, aged 60, holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
science with a specialization in Mathematics. With over 27 years 
of rich experience in the steel industry, he possesses expertise in 
operations management and product development. He has been an 
integral part of the Company since December 1995.Mr. Sanjay Bansal
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Bansal, a qualified Chartered Accountant, possesses over 
32 years of extensive experience in corporate finance, covering 
business planning, budgeting, forecasting, taxation, and high-level 
negotiations. His career includes leadership roles with prominent 
organizations such as the JP Group, DS Group, and the Dr. Rajaram 
Jaipuria Group.
Mr. Ram Agarwal
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Agarwal, a qualified engineer who earned his degree in 1990, 
brings 35 years of extensive experience in the steel industry. 
His expertise spans the management of Cold Rolled (CR) and 
structural projects, along with significant proficiency in sales and 
marketing functions.
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited44 45Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 26]
Mr. Shyam Agarwal
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Shyam Agarwal, a 54-year-old qualified engineer, possesses 
over 31 years of rich experience in the steel sector, with 
specialized expertise in the forging industry.
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal
Company Secretary
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, a qualified Company Secretary, brings 
over 17 years of expertise in corporate governance, secretarial 
functions and advisory support to senior management and boards 
of directors. In his current role, he oversees strategic planning, 
capital infusion initiatives, legal affairs, statutory compliances, and 
investor relations, contributing to the organization’s governance 
and long-term growth objectives.
Corporate 
Information
Registered Office
509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, 
Connaught Place, New Delhi – 110001
Corporate Office
Goodluck House, II F, 166-167, Nehru Nagar, 
Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad (India) – 201001
Ph. +91-120-4196600, 4196700
Manufacturing Facilities
A-42/45, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad, 
Dist. Bulandshahar (U.P .) India
D-2,3,4, UPSIDC, Gopalpur Industrial Area, 
Khata No. 5/17, 73/18, 75/9, Village Rajarampur, 
Sikandrabad (U.P .) India 
Goodluck Industries 
A-51, Industrial Area, Sikanderabad, 
Dist. Bulandshahar (U.P .) India
Goodluck Industries-II
A-59, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad, 
Dist. Bulandshahar (U.P .) India
Goodluck Engineering Co.
Khasra No. 2839, Gram Dhoom Manikpur, G.T. Road, 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Dadri, (U.P .), India
Goodluck Metallics
Survey No. 495, Vill. Sikra, T aluka – Bhachua,  
Dist. – Kachchh, Gujarat, India
Statutory Auditor
Sanjeev Anand & Associates
Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Bansal
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
Abhishek Agrawal
Bankers
Axis Bank
Bajaj Finance Ltd.
Bank of Baroda
Federal Bank
HDFC Bank
IDFC First Bank
Kotak Mahindra Bank
State Bank of India
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
Mas Services Ltd. 
T34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-II,  
New Delhi – 110020 Ph. +91-11-26387281-83
Mr. Manish Garg
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Manish Garg, an alumnus of the Indian Institute of 
T echnology, is a qualified engineer with 33 years of experience 
in managing and overseeing end-to-end export business 
operations. 
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports
Goodluck India Limited46 47Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

[page 27]
MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION & 
ANALYSIS 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW
The global economy in 2024 navigated a landscape 
of moderated growth amidst enduring inflationary 
pressures, restrictive monetary policies, and heightened 
geopolitical uncertainties. As per the IMF’s April 
2025 World Economic Outlook, global GDP growth 
is projected at 2.8% for 2025, closely aligned with the 
World Bank’s forecast of 2.7%, indicating a stabilizing yet 
cautious trajectory. While headline inflation is gradually 
easing, it remains above pre-pandemic benchmarks, 
averaging around 4.5% globally. Declines in commodity 
and energy prices offered some relief; however, 
persistent cost pressures from services and rising wages 
have continued to challenge macroeconomic stability 
across several advanced and emerging markets.
Growth in advanced economies is expected to remain 
subdued, with the U.S. economy projected to grow 
by 1.8% amid evolving trade dynamics and renewed 
tariff-related tensions. In China, GDP growth is likely 
to moderate to 4.0%, influenced by its export-oriented 
economic model and continued stress within the property 
sector. India remains a global outperformer, with a 
projected growth of 6.5%, underpinned by resilient 
domestic demand, strong consumption trends, and 
robust infrastructure-led investments that are propelling 
momentum in the industrial and construction sectors.
Looking ahead, the global economic outlook for 2025 
remains cautious. Central banks are expected to maintain 
a calibrated approach to monetary policy, balancing 
inflation control with support for investment and 
economic activity. Nevertheless, elevated uncertainties 
and tighter financial conditions may weigh on near-term 
growth prospects. Sustained recovery and long-term 
resilience will hinge on easing trade barriers, fostering 
cross-border collaboration, and unlocking new drivers of 
productivity and innovation.
WORLD ECONOMIC OUTLOOK APRIL 2025
GROWTH PROJECTIONS
GLOBAL ECONOMY
ADVANCED ECONOMIES
EMERGING MARKETS & 
DEVELOPING ECONOMIES
2024
2024
2024
3.3
1.8
4.3
2025
2025
2025
2.8
1.4
3.7
2026
2026
2026
3.0
1.5
3.9
Sources:
WEO update -IMF - April 2025
Deloitte Insights- Global Economic Outlook 
IMF Blogs- Global Economy Enters a New Era
GLOBAL ECONOMY
Goodluck India Limited48 49Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 28]
In FY 2024–25, the Indian economy demonstrated 
remarkable resilience amid a challenging global 
macroeconomic environment. According to projections by 
the National Statistical Office (NSO), India’s GDP is expected 
to grow by 6.5%, propelled by robust domestic consumption, 
sustained infrastructure investments, and a recovery in rural 
demand. This broad-based growth was supported by strong 
performances in key sectors such as construction, trade, and 
financial services. A stable macroeconomic framework and 
the government’s continued focus on capital expenditure 
have further reinforced economic momentum.
Strategic initiatives such as the National Infrastructure 
Pipeline (NIP) and the National Monetisation Pipeline 
(NMP) are fostering increased private sector participation, 
addressing the country’s growing infrastructure needs. The 
PM Gati Shakti program, which aims to integrate various 
modes of transport—including railways, roads, aviation, and 
waterways—is playing a pivotal role in enhancing multimodal 
logistics and unlocking long-term infrastructure-led growth.
On the inflation front, India has made notable progress. The 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) moderated to 3.16% in April 
2025—the lowest level since July 2019 and below the RBI 
target of 4%. This decline, largely driven by easing food 
inflation, creates headroom for the RBI to consider monetary 
easing to further support economic activity. Food inflation fell 
sharply to 2.69%, with vegetable prices recording a deflation 
of -7.04% year-on-year. Additionally, fuel and light inflation 
remained contained at 1.48% in March 2025.
Amid the prevailing macroeconomic conditions, the Reserve 
Bank of India (RBI), in its June 2025 policy review, announced 
a sharper-than-anticipated 50 basis point reduction in the 
repo rate, bringing it down to 5.50%. Additionally, it slashed 
the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) by 100 basis points to 3%. This 
decisive move was aimed at boosting credit growth, spurring 
consumption, and reinforcing the economic recovery. The 
rate cut is set to ease borrowing costs across key sectors 
such as retail loans, housing finance, and MSME lending. 
Many leading banks have already responded by lowering 
their lending rates, resulting in reduced EMIs, enhanced 
affordability, and increased credit demand. With inflation 
under control and macroeconomic fundamentals stable, 
the RBI’s actions mark a clear pivot towards a pro-growth 
monetary policy to drive sustained economic momentum in 
FY 2025–26.
https://static.pib.gov.in/WriteReadData/specificdocs/documents/2025/jul/doc202576582201.pdf 
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2113316&utm_source
https://www.reuters.com/world/india/indias-april-retail-inflation-eases-316-yy-2025-05-13/?utm_source
https://www.moneycontrol.com/economic-indicators/india-inflation-rate-5128767?utm_source
https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmgsites/in/pdf/2024/07/public-infrastructure-pov-union-
budget-2024-25.pdf.coredownload.inline.pdf?utm_source
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2097921&utm_source
Infrastructure development continues to be a key enabler of 
India’s long-term growth agenda. In line with this, the Union 
Budget FY 2024-25 allocated `11.11 Lakhs Crores towards 
capital expenditure—an 11.1% increase over the previous 
year—equivalent to 3.4% of the nation’s GDP . Notably, nearly 
50% of this outlay is earmarked for transport infrastructure, 
reaffirming the government’s commitment to strengthening 
connectivity, facilitating trade and accelerating economic 
progress.
The industrial sector is projected to grow at 6.2%, supported 
by robust activity in construction, electricity, gas, water 
supply, and utility services. Notably, the manufacturing sector 
is poised for structural growth, with its share in Gross Value 
Added (GVA) expected to increase from 14% in FY 2024–25 
to 21% by 2032, reflecting its expanding role in driving long-
term industrial development.
India’s cumulative exports (merchandise and services) 
grew by 5.50% in FY 2024–25, reaching USD 820.93 
billion compared to USD 778.13 billion in the previous 
year. Merchandise exports registered a marginal uptick of 
0.08%, totaling USD 437.42 billion. This growth, alongside 
robust capital market activity, record export performance, 
and strong foreign exchange reserves, reflects growing 
confidence among both domestic and global stakeholders. 
Core sectors—including manufacturing, services, and 
infrastructure—continue to demonstrate resilience and 
expansion, driven by steady investments and targeted 
government initiatives. Despite global headwinds, India 
remains firmly on course to sustain its economic momentum 
and progress towards inclusive and long-term development.
INDIAN ECONOMY
FY  
2020-21
(5.8)
FY  
2021-22
9.7
FY  
2023-24
8.2
FY  
2022-23
7.0
FY  
2024-25
6.5
GDP Growth (in %)
Goodluck India Limited50 51Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 29]
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
Global crude steel production remained largely stable in 
2024, reaching 1.88 billion tonnes, with December 2024 
output at 144.5 million tonnes. In April 2025, the 69 
reporting countries collectively produced 155.7 million 
tonnes, remaining largely unchanged from the same period 
last year, despite variations in regional performance. While 
regional trends varied, Asia and Oceania led modest growth, 
whereas North America and the European Union witnessed 
marginal declines. China remained the dominant producer, 
contributing approximately ~53% of global output (~1,005 
million tonnes), followed by India, which recorded a strong 
6.3% year-on-year growth, producing 149.6 million tonnes.
Global steel demand is projected to grow by 1.7% to 1.79 
billion tonnes in 2024, with a further 1.2% increase to 
1.815 billion tonnes in 2025, reflecting cautious optimism 
amid ongoing macroeconomic headwinds. Demand across 
developing economies excluding China is expected to 
grow by 3.5% in 2024 and 4.2% in 2025, fueled by India’s 
continued momentum and recovery in other key emerging 
markets. Since 2021, India has been the most significant 
contributor to global steel demand growth, a trend that is 
expected to continue. The World Steel Association forecasts 
an 8.0% rise in India’s steel demand through 2024 and 2025, 
driven by broad-based growth across key user sectors, 
especially infrastructure. Structural shifts are reshaping the 
industry globally, with increasing emphasis on electric arc 
furnace capacity and green steel initiatives. Approximately 
68 million tonnes of new steelmaking capacity are under 
development between 2024 and 2026, predominantly in 
Asia and India. According to the OECD, demand in developed 
economies is expected to stabilize post-2025, while emerging 
markets—led by India—will continue to anchor global steel 
consumption.
In summary, the global steel landscape in 2024–25 is marked 
by stabilized production, cautious demand recovery, and 
persistent regional disparities. India’s robust growth and 
structural investments are increasingly anchoring global steel 
market dynamics.
https://worldsteel.org/media/press-releases/2025/december-
2024-crude-steel-production-and-2024-global-totals
https://www.reuters.com/markets/commodities/global-steel-
demand-rise-by-17-2024-says-world-steel-2024-04-09
https://worldsteel.org/media/press-releases/2024/worldsteel-
short-range-outlook-october-2024
https://www.oecd.org/en/publications/2025/05/oecd-steel-
outlook-2025_bf2b6109.html
India’s steel industry is poised for robust growth, with the 
domestic market projected to expand from an estimated 
148.28 million tonnes in FY 2025 to 230.03 million tonnes by 
2030, registering a CAGR of 9.18% over the forecast period.
India has firmly positioned itself as a global steel 
manufacturing hub, currently ranked as the world’s second-
largest producer of crude steel, having surpassed Japan. This 
achievement is underpinned by strong policy support from 
the government, most notably through the National Steel 
Policy, 2017. The policy outlines a vision to transform India 
into a technologically advanced, globally competitive steel-
producing nation, targeting a crude steel capacity of 300 
MTPA by FY 2030–31. As part of this strategy, significant 
capacity expansion is planned for state-owned enterprises, 
particularly Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), whose 
capacity is expected to increase from 19.51 MTPA to 
approximately 35.65 MTPA by FY 2030–31. Complementing 
this, the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme—with 
an approved outlay of `6,322 Crores—commenced in FY 
2023–24, reaffirming the government’s commitment to 
enhancing domestic manufacturing capabilities.
Crude steel remains the dominant segment in the 
Indian steel industry, accounting for nearly 53% of total 
production volume in 2024. This leadership is reflective 
of India’s substantial global standing in crude steel output. 
Simultaneously, the finished steel segment is witnessing 
accelerated momentum, projected to grow at approximately 
9% between FY 2024 and FY 2029. This growth is largely 
driven by the government’s ambitious infrastructure pipeline, 
rapid urbanization, and a growing emphasis on value-added 
steel products.
https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/
india-steel-market
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleseDetailm.
aspx?PRID=2124170
Steel continues to serve as the backbone of economic 
development, forming the foundation of critical 
infrastructure—from skyscrapers and highways to high-
speed rail networks, smart cities, and industrial corridors. 
As articulated by the Hon’ble Prime Minister, the strength 
of steel underpins every milestone in a nation’s progress. In 
alignment with India’s ambition to become a USD 5 trillion 
economy, the steel industry is expected to play a pivotal role. 
The Government of India has taken a proactive approach 
by formulating the National Steel Policy, which envisions 
achieving a crude steel production capacity of 300 million 
tonnes by 2030.
India’s position as the world’s second-largest steel producer 
is a testament to its growing industrial capabilities. Per capita 
steel consumption, currently at 98 kg, is projected to increase 
significantly to 160 kg by 2030, reflecting rising demand 
driven by infrastructure expansion, industrial growth, and 
urbanization.
The global metal forging market, valued at USD 94.38 billion 
in 2024, is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.4% from 2025 to 
2030, driven by rising demand for lightweight, high-strength 
materials across automotive, aerospace, and construction 
sectors. Forged components are gaining preference for their 
superior performance and durability over cast or machined 
parts. Advancements in forging technologies—such as 
closed-die and precision forging—are enhancing product 
quality, accuracy, and material efficiency. Coupled with 
increasing investments in infrastructure and modern forging 
equipment, these developments are positioning the industry 
for sustained and scalable growth.
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/
metal-forging-market
GLOBAL STEEL INDUSTRY
INDIA STEEL INDUSTRY
GLOBAL METAL FORGING MARKET
STEEL USE
2024
1.742 MTPA
Building & infrastructure
Other transport
Domestic appliances
Automotive
Mechanical equipment
Metal products
Electrical equipment
52%
5%
2%
12%
16%
10%
3%
Metal Forging Market
Size, by Application, 2020-2030 (USD Billion)
Global Market 
CAGR, 2025-2030
7.4%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Automotive
Agriculture
Transportation
Power Generation
Aerospace
Marine
Oil & Gas
Others
Construction
Goodluck India Limited52 53Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 30]
The Indian metal forging market reached a valuation of USD 3.36 billion in 2024 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 6.18%, 
reaching approximately USD 6.01 billion by 2033, according to IMARC Group. This steady growth trajectory is underpinned 
by increasing demand from core industries such as automotive, aerospace, and defense, coupled with the adoption of advanced 
technologies like precision forging and automation. These innovations are enhancing operational efficiency, improving product 
quality, and strengthening India’s position as a key forging hub in the global manufacturing landscape.
The global automotive outlook for 2025 reflects continued 
recovery, with light vehicle sales reaching 84.0 million units 
in 2024 and projected to rise to 85.1 million units in 2025, 
representing a year-on-year growth of 1.3%. The Asia-Pacific 
region remains the dominant contributor, accounting for 
nearly 50% of the global market. While internal combustion 
engine (ICE) vehicles continue to hold a significant share, the 
hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) segment is expected to register 
rapid growth, with a projected 20–25% increase between 
2024 and 2025. Aligned with global sustainability goals, 
major OEMs have committed over USD 500 billion in planned 
investments toward electric vehicle (EV) production facilities 
by 2030, reinforcing the industry’s transition toward zero-
emission mobility.
The global automotive industry sustained its recovery in 
2024, with total car sales reaching 74.6 million units, marking 
a 2.5% year-on-year growth. This rebound was supported by 
easing supply chain constraints and steady demand across 
key regions. North America grew by 3.8%, with the U.S. 
contributing 12.7 million units (+3.1%). Europe recorded a 
3.9% increase, though EU-wide growth remained modest at 
0.8%. Asia remained the largest contributor, led by China with 
22.9 million units (+2.6%)—representing 31% of global sales—
and India with 4.4 million units (+4.8%). Meanwhile, Brazil led 
South America recorded 12.5% growth, while Japan and South 
Korea saw contractions due to reduced subsidies and currency 
volatility.
Despite ongoing challenges such as rising input costs 
and evolving regulatory pressures, the sector has shown 
adaptability. Global vehicle production reached 75.5 million 
units, slightly down 0.5%, owing to contractions in Europe 
and North America. However, gains in China (+5.2%) and 
India (+4.7%) offset much of the decline. Automakers are 
increasingly focusing on supply chain localization, innovation in 
electric mobility, and compliance with stringent CO
2 emission 
norms. These efforts, combined with steady market recovery 
and resilient demand fundamentals, are expected to underpin 
the industry’s forward momentum into 2025–26.
The Indian automobile industry continued its upward 
trajectory in FY 2024–25, registering a 7.3% growth in 
domestic sales and an impressive 19.2% increase in exports, 
as per data released by the Society of Indian Automobile 
Manufacturers (SIAM). The two-wheeler segment led the 
recovery, with 19.6 million units sold, reflecting a 9.1% 
year-on-year increase, driven by strong demand for scooters, 
improved rural connectivity, rising consumer confidence, 
and ongoing product innovation. Electric two-wheelers also 
gained notable traction, with their share exceeding 6% of 
total two-wheeler sales. On the export front, two-wheeler 
shipments grew 21.4% to 4.2 million units, supported by 
robust demand from key regions such as Africa and Latin 
America.
The passenger vehicle (PV) segment reached a new 
milestone, with 4.3 million units sold, marking a 2% growth 
over FY 2023–24. Utility Vehicles (UVs) were the key growth 
driver, accounting for 65% of total PV sales, up from 60% in 
the previous year. This growth was fueled by a wave of new 
model launches featuring contemporary designs, advanced 
technology, and competitive pricing through discounts and 
promotional offers. Notably, PV exports rose 14.6% year-
on-year to 7,70,000 units, the highest to date, driven by 
increasing global demand for India-manufactured vehicles, 
particularly in Latin American and African markets. Looking 
ahead, SIAM projects continued momentum in FY 2025–26, 
supported by stable macroeconomic conditions, policy 
support, infrastructure investments, and expectations of a 
normal monsoon.
In FY 2024–25, total electric vehicle (EV) registrations in 
India reached 1.97 million units, reflecting a 16.9% growth 
over the 1.68 million units registered in FY 2023–24. Electric 
Passenger Vehicle registrations crossed the 1 Lakhs mark, 
posting an 18.2% year-on-year increase, while electric two-
wheeler registrations surged by 21.2%, reaching 1.15 million 
units. The electric three-wheeler segment also registered 
healthy growth, with registrations nearing 7,00,000 units, 
marking a 10.5% increase compared to the previous year.
This growth momentum was supported by proactive policy 
measures from the Government of India, including the launch 
of the Electric Mobility Promotion Scheme (EMPS), effective 
from April 1 to September 30, 2024, followed by the rollout 
of PM e-Drive and PM e-Sewa schemes. In parallel, a wave 
of new EV model launches by various manufacturers 
contributed to the accelerating adoption of electric mobility 
across the country.
INDIA METAL FORGING MARKET INDIAN AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY
GLOBAL AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/metal-forging-market
https://www.acea.auto/files/Economic_and_Market_Report-
Full_year-2024.pdf
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/auto/auto-
news/indias-passenger-vehicle-sales-hit-record-high-at-43-
Lakhs-units-in-fy25-utility-vehicles-driver-of-growth-siam/
articleshow/120301623.cms
https://www.siam.in/pressrelease-details.
aspx?mpgid=48&pgidtrail=50&pid=579
Automobile Production Trend
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger 
Vehicles
34,24,564 30,62,280 36,50,698 45,87,116 49,01,844 50,61,164
Commercial 
Vehicles
7,56,725 6,24,939 8,05,527 10,35,626 10,66,429 10,32,645
Three-
Wheelers
11,32,982 6,14,613 7,58,669 8,55,696 9,92,936 10,50,020
Two-Wheelers 2,10,32,927 1,83,49,941 1,78,21,111 1,94,59,009 2,14,68,527 2,38,83,857
Quadricycles 6,095 3,836 4,061 2,897 5,006 6,488
Grand T otal 2,63,53,293 2,26,55,609 2,30,40,066 2,59,40,344 2,84,34,742 3,10,34,174
https://www.siam.in/statistics.aspx?mpgid=8&pgidtrail=13
India Metal Forging Market Forecast
Size, By Material, 2024-2033 (USD Billion)
Market CAGR 
(2025-2033)
6.18%
Carbon Steel Alloy Steel Stainless Steel Others
2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033
USD 6.01 B
USD 3.36 B
AUTOMOTIVE MARKET OUTLOOK
Market Size, Market Dynamics, and Ecosystem
North America
Europe
China
India
Rest of Asia
Rest of the World
2024 2025F
84.0 85.1
YoY  
(2024-2025) 
1.3%
Goodluck India Limited54 55Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 31]
Automobile Domestic Sales Trend
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger 
Vehicles
34,24,564 30,62,280 36,50,698 45,87,116 49,01,844 50,61,164
Commercial 
Vehicles
7,56,725 6,24,939 8,05,527 10,35,626 10,66,429 10,32,645
Three-
Wheelers
11,32,982 6,14,613 7,58,669 8,55,696 9,92,936 10,50,020
Two-Wheelers 2,10,32,927 1,83,49,941 1,78,21,111 1,94,59,009 2,14,68,527 2,38,83,857
Quadricycles 6,095 3,836 4,061 2,897 5,006 6,488
Grand T otal 2,63,53,293 2,26,55,609 2,30,40,066 2,59,40,344 2,84,34,742 3,10,34,174
https://www.siam.in/statistics.aspx?mpgid=8&pgidtrail=14
In the near future, ICRA predicts a stable demand trend in the automotive sector, with growth rates varying across segments in 
FY 2024-25. Anticipated increases in volumes for two-wheelers, passenger vehicles, and three-wheelers are projected, driven by 
positive demand factors. In contrast, the commercial vehicle sector is forecasted to maintain consistent volume levels. Forecasts 
for FY 2024-25 suggest an expected growth rate of 11% for two-wheelers, 5% for both passenger vehicles and commercial 
vehicles, and 4% for tractors. Nevertheless, challenges like escalating input costs, rising fuel prices, higher interest rates, and 
inflation rates require carefully monitoring.
INFRASTRUCTURE SECTOR IN INDIA
ROADS & RAILWAYS
Infrastructure is a key pillar in India’s journey toward 
becoming a USD 26 trillion economy, playing a vital role in 
enhancing efficiency, reducing logistics costs, and enabling 
good governance. The Indian infrastructure sector is 
projected to grow steadily, with its market value expected to 
rise from USD 190.7 billion in 2025 to USD 280.6 billion by 
2030, registering a CAGR of 8.0% over the forecast period.
The government’s sharp focus on building future-ready 
infrastructure is reflected in flagship initiatives like 
the USD 1.3 trillion Gati Shakti National Master Plan, 
which is streamlining project execution across sectors. 
Complementary programs such as the Smart Cities Mission, 
Housing for All, and the National Infrastructure Pipeline 
(NIP) are catalyzing urban development and industrial 
growth. Infrastructure development remains central to 
improving connectivity, boosting exports, and strengthening 
the manufacturing ecosystem.
With over 80% of infrastructure spending directed toward 
transportation, energy, and water, these investments 
continue to drive progress across allied sectors such as real 
estate, construction, and logistics. Combined with policy 
initiatives like ‘Make in India’ and PLI schemes, infrastructure 
will be instrumental in achieving India’s target of becoming a 
USD 5 trillion economy by 2025.
Source: https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-
reports/infrastructure-sector-in-india
India’s transport sector remains a key priority for the 
government, with significant investments planned to 
support long-term economic growth and infrastructure 
modernization. The sector is projected to grow at a CAGR 
of approximately 4.5% between 2022 and 2050, driven by 
ambitious development targets across road, rail, air, and 
water transport.
The Ministry of Road Transport is anticipating a 3% to 
4% increase in its budget allocation, potentially reaching 
`2.9 trillion (USD 34.7 billion). Over the past decade, the 
Ministry’s total expenditure has grown six-fold, enabling India 
to expand its road network by nearly 60%, now spanning over 
146,000 km. 
Strategic goals include the construction of a 200,000 
km national highway network by 2025, expansion of the 
country’s airport network from 140 to 220 airports, and 
accelerating railway infrastructure with an average of 19 
km of new tracks added per day in FY24. Additionally, the 
government aims to operationalize 23 inland waterways by 
2030 and develop 35 Multi-Modal Logistics Parks (MMLPs) 
to enhance freight efficiency.
According to the India Investment Grid (IIG), infrastructure 
projects worth approximately `69 Lakhs Crores are under 
various stages of development, with Roads and Highways 
leading in investment share, followed by Railways and Urban 
Public Transport.
https://www.financialexpress.com/business/infrastructure-
india-expanding-its-transport-infrastructure-at-a-rapid-
pace-know-the-detailed-report-on-railways-highways-and-
aviation-3361853/
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/railways-
achieves-record-revenues-freight-loading-in-fy-2023-24/
articleshow/108953286.cmsw
During FY 2023-24, the Indian Railways recorded their 
highest ever freight loading of 1,591 MTPA, a growth of 5% 
over last year, as well as earned the highest ever revenue of 
`2.56 Lakhs Crores. The fiscal year also saw unprecedented 
achievements in rail electrification, new line construction, 
and track replacement. Rail electrification reached a total of 
7,188 km, up from 6,565 km in the previous fiscal year. The 
Indian Railways also accomplished 5,300 km in laying new 
lines, doubling, and gauge conversion.
Indian Railways continues to play a pivotal role in India’s 
infrastructure growth, driven by strategic investments, 
technological upgrades, and capacity expansion. In FY 
2024–25, the national carrier has significantly advanced its 
modernization agenda, with notable progress in high-speed 
rail, electrification, and freight operations.
The Ministry of Railways is expected to see an increased 
budget allocation ranging between `2.9 to `3 trillion (USD 
33.5–34.7 billion) for FY 2025–26, up from `2.55 trillion 
allocated in the previous fiscal year. This increase is aimed at 
funding the expansion of the rail network, which currently 
spans over 68,000 km, and supporting the rollout of 400 
high-speed Vande Bharat trains by March 2027.
Track development has seen a marked acceleration. The pace 
of railway track construction has more than tripled—from 
1,452 km/year in FY 2014–15 to 5,243 km/year in FY 2023–
24. Over the last decade, Indian Railways has commissioned 
31,180 km of new tracks, reflecting a shift from 4 km/day in 
FY 2014–15 to 14.54 km/day in FY 2023–24. Electrification 
efforts have also intensified. Between 2014 and 2024, Indian 
Railways electrified 41,655 Route Kilometers (RKMs)—
nearly doubling the 21,413 RKMs electrified prior to 2014. 
This transition not only reduces carbon emissions but also 
enhances efficiency in rail operations.
The Railways achieved a new milestone in freight 
performance, recording an all-time high freight loading of 
1,588 million tonnes (MTPA) in FY 2023–24, along with 
record total receipts.
On the safety and technology front, the rollout of Kavach, 
India’s indigenous Automatic Train Protection (ATP) system, 
continues to expand. As of FY 2024–25, Kavach has been 
deployed across 1,465 route kilometers, and integrated 
into 144 locomotives, including Electric Multiple Unit 
(EMU) rakes under the South-Central Railway. The latest 
upgrade, Kavach 4.0, was approved by the Research Designs 
and Standards Organization (RDSO) in July 2024, further 
strengthening India’s railway safety infrastructure.
In parallel, Indian Railways is enhancing its fleet with next-
generation trains such as Vande Bharat, Amrit Bharat, and 
Namo Bharat, designed to improve speed, comfort, and 
operational efficiency across passenger services.
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/
transportation/railways/budget-2025-railways-
gets-a-cut-in-paycheck-railway-budget-at-rs-2-
55-lk-cr-from-2-62-lk-cr/articleshow/117823497.
cms?utm_source=contentofinterest&utm_
medium=text&utm_campaign=cppst
Goodluck India Limited56 57Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 32]
ENERGY
TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION (T & D)
India’s energy landscape is undergoing a profound 
transformation—fueled by decisive policy action, strong 
institutional support, and an accelerated shift towards 
cleaner alternatives. FY 2024–25 marked a milestone year, 
with unprecedented capacity additions across solar, wind, 
and hybrid systems. As the world’s third-largest energy 
consumer, India is not just scaling its infrastructure—it is 
shaping a greener, smarter, and more resilient energy future 
that aligns with its global climate commitments and long-
term economic aspirations.
Renewable Energy
India has emerged as a global powerhouse in the energy 
sector, currently ranking as the third-largest energy 
consumer worldwide. According to the REN21 Renewables 
2024 Global Status Report, the country holds the fourth 
position globally in total installed renewable energy 
capacity—including large hydro—as well as in wind power 
capacity, and ranks fifth in solar power capacity. These 
milestones reflect India’s accelerating momentum in 
transitioning to a cleaner, more sustainable energy future. 
In FY 2024–25, India’s renewable energy sector achieved a 
significant milestone, with a record addition of 29.5 GW in 
new capacity, taking the country’s total installed renewable 
energy capacity to approximately 220.1 GW as of March 
31, 2025. This robust growth is in line with India’s strategic 
commitment, announced at COP26, to achieve 500 GW of 
non-fossil fuel-based energy capacity by 2030  
Solar energy continued to lead India’s renewable energy 
expansion in FY 2024–25, with 23.8 GW of new capacity 
added, taking total solar installations to 105.65 GW. This 
comprises 81.0 GW of ground-mounted systems, 17.0 GW 
of rooftop solar, 2.9 GW of hybrid projects, and 4.7 GW 
from off-grid solutions. Wind energy also witnessed steady 
progress, with 4.15 GW added during the year, bringing total 
wind capacity to 50.04 GW. Complementing the solar and 
wind segments, bioenergy installations reached 11.58 GW, 
including 0.53 GW from off-grid and waste-to-energy 
projects. Small Hydro Power projects achieved a cumulative 
capacity of 5.10 GW, with an additional 0.44 GW currently 
under development. Collectively, these technologies 
contribute to a more decentralized, diversified, and resilient 
renewable energy ecosystem in India.
Solar Energy
In FY 2024–25, India achieved its highest-ever annual 
solar capacity addition, commissioning 23.83 GW of new 
capacity—comprising 18.88 GW utility-scale and 4.95 GW 
rooftop installations.  This elevated the nation’s total installed 
solar capacity to approximately 105.65 GW, accounting for 
around 22% of total power capacity. By the end of March 
2025, the capacity mix included 81.01 GW ground-mounted, 
17.02 GW rooftop, 2.87 GW hybrid, and 4.74 GW off-
grid systems. In Q1 2025 alone, India added 6.7 GW solar 
capacity, with 5.5 GW in utility-scale and 1.2 GW rooftop, 
led by strong state-level installations in Gujarat, Rajasthan, 
and Maharashtra. The enhanced solar capacity had a 
measurable impact on generation, with a 32.4% increase 
in solar output during January–April 2025, contributing 
significantly to lowering coal-based power generation. On 
the manufacturing front, India more than doubled PV module 
capacity, from 38 GW to 74 GW, and tripled cell capacity, 
from 9 GW to 25 GW, supporting domestic supply chains and 
reducing import dependency .
In FY 2024–25 Interim Budget, allocation for the National 
Green Hydrogen Mission was doubled to `600 Crores, 
reinforcing India’s goal of producing 5 MTPA of green 
hydrogen by 2030, supported by 125 GW of renewable 
energy. Rooftop and off-grid solar saw strong growth, with 
4.6 GW and 1.48 GW added respectively—driven by a 53% 
and 182% YoY increase—spurred by schemes like the PM 
Surya Ghar Yojana. 
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2120729
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/renewables/
indias-non-fossil-fuel-based-capacity-touches-218-gw-mark/
articleshow/117456103.cms
https://www.pib.gov.in/FactsheetDetails.aspx?Id=149095
https://cea.nic.in/wp-content/uploads/
transmission/2025/07/TL_GS_July__2025.pdf
Driven by rising electricity demand and a strong national 
focus on integrating renewables, India’s Transmission & 
Distribution (T&D) infrastructure is undergoing strategic 
and steady expansion. As of July 31, 2025, the transmission 
network (220 kV & above) stood at 4,96,069 circuit-km 
(≈4.96 lakh ckm), up from ~4.85–4.92 lakh a year earlier. 
Substation (AC) transformation capacity reached 13,69,568 
MVA (≈13.70 lakh MVA). India’s inter-regional power 
transfer capacity has also risen to 120,340 MW (≈120.34 
GW), reinforcing a unified national grid that remains among 
the world’s largest synchronized systems. Looking ahead, 
the National Electricity Plan projects ~900 GW of installed 
capacity by 2031–32, with a dominant share expected from 
non-fossil sources alongside planned storage.This expansion 
is central to supporting the integration of clean energy into 
the national grid, which now boasts one of the world’s largest 
synchronized networks with a power transfer capacity of 119 
GW.
Parallel to this, the distribution sector is demonstrating 
significant improvements in efficiency and digitalization. 
Aggregate T echnical & Commercial (AT&C) losses, which 
had steadily declined over the last decade, reached 15.41% 
in FY 2022–23, though provisional figures for FY 2023–24 
indicate a slight uptick to 17.6%. On the digitalization front, 
the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS) has 
accelerated the rollout of smart metering. As of June 2025, 
3.46 Crores smart meters have been installed nationwide, of 
which 2.27 Crores have been deployed under RDSS, against 
a sanctioned base of 20.33 Crores meters. The scheme has 
also sanctioned ₹2.78 Lakhs Crores across 32 States and 
UT s to modernize distribution networks and reduce losses, 
with the national target of installing 25 Crores prepaid smart 
consumer meters by March 2026, alongside feeder and 
distribution transformer metering.
Additionally, average power supply availability has risen 
substantially. In rural areas, the average electricity supply 
increased from 12.5 hours in 2014 to 22.6 hours in 2025, 
while urban areas now enjoy 23.4 hours of daily supply. 
These improvements underscore the results of flagship 
schemes such as DDUGJY, Saubhagya, and RDSS. With this 
progress and the phased rollout of smart metering, India’s 
T&D infrastructure is evolving to support not just energy 
access but also energy efficiency, laying a firm foundation for 
a future-ready power sector.
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/india/govt-says-
3-46-cr-smart-electricity-meters-installed-across-country/
articleshow/122815325.cms?
Goodluck India Limited58 59Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 33]
TELECOM INDUSTRY OIL & GAS INDUSTRY GLOBAL STEEL PIPES & 
TUBES SECTOR
India’s telecom industry is poised for significant expansion, 
with the market size estimated at USD 153.18 billion in 
2025, projected to reach USD 186.61 billion by 2030, 
growing at a CAGR of 3.94% over the forecast period. This 
growth trajectory is underpinned by rapid technological 
advancements, notably the rollout of 5G services, and a 
surge in demand across digital-first segments such as IoT, 
cloud computing, data centers, and mobile broadband. The 
Indian telecom sector is also making strides toward self-
reliance. As per the Press Information Bureau (PIB), India has 
significantly reduced its dependency on imports, increasingly 
meeting 5G infrastructure requirements through domestic 
manufacturing. In a major milestone, Indian companies 
exported telecom equipment and accessories worth `25,200 
Crores in the last fiscal year. This has been facilitated by the 
Department of T elecommunications (DoT), which is actively 
promoting Indian telecom products in international markets.
Key beneficiaries of government-led initiatives like the 
Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme and the Domestic 
Companies Incentive Scheme (DCIS)—including T ejas 
Networks, Lekha Wireless, VVDN, Astrome, WiSig, and 
Signalchip—have played a pivotal role in India’s international 
outreach. Their participation in global platforms such as 
the Mobile World Congress (MWC) has led to strategic 
partnerships and expanded presence in key Western 
markets, particularly the United States.
Domestically, the rollout of telecom infrastructure has 
accelerated with a rising number of telecom towers 
supporting the growing demand for mobile data and 
messaging services. India’s leadership at the World Radio 
Conference ensured spectrum exclusivity in its airspace 
and maritime zones, safeguarding national interests and 
facilitating uninterrupted 5G expansion.
India is also actively shaping the future of next-generation 
technologies. Through the Bharat 6G Alliance, the country 
is collaborating with global consortia such as the NextG 
Alliance (United States) and 6G-IA (European Union) to drive 
innovation in 6G and build secure, resilient telecom supply 
chains. Reinforcing its global engagement, India is set to host 
the World T elecommunication Standardization Assembly 
(WTSA) for the first time in October 2024.
The proliferation of smartphones remains a major 
contributor to data consumption. According to GSMA, 
India is on track to become a major smartphone economy, 
with nearly 1 billion devices installed by 2025 and an 
estimated 920 million unique mobile subscribers, including 
88 million 5G connections. The economic contribution of 
5G is projected to reach USD 450 billion between 2023 and 
2040, further underscoring the sector’s potential as a critical 
enabler of India’s digital and economic transformation.
https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/india-
telecom-market
https://www.iea.org/reports/india-oil-market-report
https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/steel-pipe-
market
India continues to reinforce its position as a pivotal player 
in the global energy landscape. As the third-largest energy 
and oil consumer and fourth-largest refiner globally, the 
country’s influence is growing rapidly. As of 2023, India’s 
refining capacity stood at approximately 5.8 million barrels 
per day (mb/d) across 23 operational refineries. This capacity 
is projected to increase by 1 mb/d to reach 6.8 mb/d by 
2030, supported by significant public sector investments and 
expansions in petrochemical integration.
Refined product consumption is heavily road transport–
driven, with diesel demand alone projected to grow by 
5,40,000 barrels per day, and gasoline by a modest 0.7% 
annually, restrained by rapid electrification of two- and 
three-wheelers. Jet fuel demand is expected to grow at a 
healthy 5.9% CAGR, albeit from a smaller base. LPG demand 
will continue to rise, powered by clean cooking initiatives 
and petrochemical sector growth. India’s refining sector is 
also shifting toward greater petrochemical integration, with 
public sector undertakings targeting to increase integration 
from 7% to 25% by 2030. Meanwhile, Indian refiners are 
enhancing their capacity to process heavier, sour crude 
grades, supported by investments in upgrading units like 
coking and vacuum residue hydrocrackers. In line with India’s 
rising fuel needs and export ambitions, refining investments 
are being calibrated to serve both domestic consumption 
and international markets. Indian refiners are projected to 
maintain strong diesel and jet fuel exports, particularly to 
Europe and Asia, even as domestic demand continues to rise. 
By 2030, refinery product exports are estimated to stabilize 
at around 1.2 mb/d, following a peak of 1.4 mb/d by mid-
decade.
Overall, India’s oil and refining sector is undergoing a 
structured transformation—balancing domestic energy 
security, clean fuel goals, and global trade opportunities. 
As the country strengthens its refining backbone and 
accelerates clean energy adoption, it is set to play a central 
role in shaping the future of the global oil market.
The global steel pipe market is on a steady growth trajectory, 
projected to expand from USD 105.6 billion in 2025 to USD 
154.8 billion by 2035, at a CAGR of 3.9%. This growth is 
driven by rising industrialization, infrastructure development, 
and energy sector expansion. Steel pipes remain vital to 
critical industries such as oil and gas, construction, water 
transport, and manufacturing.
The oil and gas sector continues to be the largest consumer, 
given the indispensable role of steel pipes in drilling, refining, 
and transportation. The construction industry is also 
increasingly adopting steel pipes for structural applications, 
water systems, and HVAC installations.
Among material types, stainless steel pipes are expected to 
grow at the fastest rate (4.6% CAGR), supported by their 
durability, corrosion resistance, and suitability for sensitive 
environments like water treatment, pharmaceuticals, and 
food processing. Demand is further accelerated by the global 
push for sustainable infrastructure, particularly in hydrogen 
transport applications.
Carbon steel pipes continue to dominate in volume due to 
cost efficiency and strength, especially in construction and 
traditional pipelines, while alloy steel pipes see demand 
from high-pressure environments such as power and 
petrochemical sectors. T ool steel pipes, though niche, cater 
to precision engineering needs. The oil and gas processing 
segment is set to be the fastest-growing application area 
(4.8% CAGR), underpinned by investments in offshore 
drilling, shale exploration, and pipeline infrastructure 
across key regions including the U.S., Middle East, and Latin 
America. High-performance steel pipes remain critical for 
navigating the sector’s demanding operational conditions.
Goodluck India Limited60 61Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 34]
INDIAN STEEL PIPES & TUBES SECTOR
OPPORTUNITIES & THREATS
The Indian steel pipes and tubes market, valued at 
approximately USD 18 billion in 2025, is projected to grow at 
a robust CAGR of 9%, supported by increasing investments 
in infrastructure development. Key growth drivers include 
rising demand from industrial and residential construction, 
automotive manufacturing, and large-scale energy and water 
pipeline projects. The widespread adoption of galvanized 
steel pipes, particularly in the water and agriculture 
sectors, is expected to see continued momentum during the 
forecast period. The market’s expansion is further bolstered 
by government-backed initiatives promoting domestic 
manufacturing, which are enhancing the competitiveness 
of local players. Policies encouraging ‘Make in India’ and 
infrastructure modernization are expected to provide long-
term tailwinds for the sector. 
Production capacities have also expanded in alignment with 
demand. India’s total steelmaking capacity touched ~205 
MTPA by FY 2024–25, and is poised to reach 300 MTPA 
by FY 2030-31, as per SteelRadar. Stainless steel hot-rolled 
coil production, a key input for welded tubes, stood at ~2.3 
MTPA in FY 2023-24, with over 400 kilotonnes of stainless 
billets used for seamless tube production. Despite being a 
net exporter of stainless pipes in recent years, India saw a dip 
in export volumes from 0.075 MTPA in FY 2021-22 to 0.064 
MTPA in FY 2023-24, owing to subdued global demand and 
inflationary pressures. Import competition remains strong, 
with over 89% of India’s seamless pipe imports originating 
from China.
The sector continues to benefit from major government 
infrastructure programs such as the Jal Jeevan Mission. 
Additionally, the Production-Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme 
for specialty steel, as outlined on the Ministry of Steel’s 
official website, is expected to incentivize investments 
and enhance the competitiveness of domestic players. In a 
further boost to localisation, the government also notified 
the “Melt and Pour” rule in April 2024, mandating that steel 
used in public projects be entirely produced in India, ensuring 
demand for domestically manufactured pipes and tubes.
Steel pipes and tubes remain integral across sectors such as 
oil and gas, water distribution, construction, and automotive, 
owing to their durability, strength, and application versatility. 
The sector is experiencing strong demand due to increased 
capital expenditure in public utilities, industrial corridors, and 
transport systems. 
https://www.6wresearch.com/industry-report/india-steel-
pipe-and-steel-tubes-market-outlook
Despite the positive outlook, challenges remain. Volatility 
in key input costs such as nickel and chromium, intense 
competition from low-cost imports, and environmental 
compliance continue to exert pressure on margins. 
Nonetheless, with growing infrastructure investments, 
favourable policy support, and increasing domestic and 
export opportunities, the Indian steel pipes and tubes sector 
is well-positioned for long-term growth.
https://www.blueweaveconsulting.com/report/india-steel-
pipes-and-steel-tubes-market?utm
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/steel-
pipes-tubes-market
Opportunities
 Government’s capital expenditure of `11.11 Lakhs Crores in FY 2024–25, with major allocation towards roads, railways, 
and ports, is creating sustained demand for steel and engineering products
 Flagship initiatives like PM Gati Shakti, NIP , and NMP are accelerating project execution and enabling faster infrastructure 
rollout across sectors
 Infrastructure growth in emerging markets and India’s positioning as a manufacturing hub are opening new export 
avenues for high-strength, customized engineering solutions
 Rising project execution across highways, metro rail, airports, industrial corridors, and logistics hubs
 Expansion in solar capacity and green energy targets driving demand for tracker tubes and transmission products—an 
area where Goodluck is actively scaling up
 Strong government focus on indigenized defense under ‘Aatmanirbhar Bharat’ supports commissioning of Goodluck’s 
155mm artillery shell facility via its dedicated defense subsidiary
 Continued progress on Bullet Train projects and PM Gati Shakti offers strong visibility for specialized steel components; 
Goodluck secured a new order following the successful execution of its first bullet train supply
 Rising demand for advanced automotive components, driven by the PLI scheme and growing EV ecosystem, is 
accelerating the adoption of precision tubes and CDW pipes
 With renewed global drilling activity, especially in the U.S. and Middle East, Goodluck’s forging division—supplying critical 
components to clients like Baker Hughes, ADNOC, and Kuwait Oil Company—is set to benefit from sustained sectoral 
demand
 The growing necessity of personal mobility and infrastructure-led demand for construction equipment (e.g., JCBs) is 
expanding the addressable market for Goodluck’s precision tubes and large diameter pipes
 Rising exploration and production activities are fueling increased demand for forging solutions
 Clean energy and infrastructure investments globally have driven sustained demand for steel pipes and tubes, especially 
in renewable, hydrogen, and water sectors
 India’s emergence as a preferred manufacturing base under the ‘China Plus One’ strategy strengthened export 
momentum for value-added steel products
 Stable demand from developed markets like the U.S. and Middle East supported growth in precision tubes and industrial 
pipe applications
 Heightened focus on ESG compliance and green steel ris reshaping global supply chains, creating opportunities for 
sustainable and certified manufacturers Ongoing global conflicts and trade tensions pose risks to export flows, supply chain continuity, and cost structures—
especially in key markets like Europe and the Middle East
 Adverse currency movements and elevated interest rates may affect export competitiveness and borrowing costs, 
impacting profitability
 Growing competition in commodity product segments may exert pricing pressure, making it imperative to maintain 
differentiation through value-added offerings
 In segments like defense and infrastructure, regulatory clearances and policy changes can delay project execution, 
impacting planned capacity utilization and revenues
Infrastructure Boom
Government Initiatives
Emerging Opportunities
Global Trends
Threats
Goodluck India Limited62 63Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 35]
COMPANY OVERVIEW
ABOUT GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED
Founded in 1986 by alumni of the Indian Institutes of 
T echnology (IIT), Goodluck India Limited (the Company) 
has grown into one of India’s foremost manufacturers and 
exporters of precision-engineered steel products, both 
domestically and internationally. The Company serves 
diverse, high-growth sectors such as automotive, railways, 
defense, aerospace, solar, and infrastructure. Over its 37+ 
years of industry experience, Goodluck has evolved from a 
steel products manufacturer to a comprehensive engineering 
solutions provider, driven by innovation and a focus on value-
added offerings.
Goodluck operates six manufacturing plants across Uttar 
Pradesh and Gujarat, with a total installed capacity of 
500,000 MTPA. The Company’s business portfolio spans 
engineering structures and precision fabrication, forgings, 
precision pipes and auto tubes, and Cold-formed profile, 
CR coils, pipes, and tubes. Goodluck’s products are supplied 
to marquee clients in more than 100 countries, reflecting a 
strong global presence and export orientation. 
In FY 2024-25, Goodluck continued to expand its footprint in 
high-margin, value-added segments, with a focus on sectors 
such as defence and aerospace through its subsidiary. The 
subsidiary’s upcoming plant for manufacturing 155 mm 
gun shells is progressing well ahead of schedule, with trial 
commissioning expected to begin soon, subject to licensing 
approvals. Alongside the newly commissioned precision 
tube facility, this project is poised to be a game-changer for 
the Company, by significantly enhancing its capabilities and 
growth trajectory.
With a workforce of over 4,500 employees and a culture 
rooted in transparency, continuous upskilling, and 
sustainability, Goodluck India Limited remains well-
positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities in both 
domestic and international markets.
ISO 9001:2008  
Certification
5,00,000 
T otal Manufacturing Capacity
` 2,838.26 Crores 
Domestic Sales
` 960.20 Crores 
Export Sales breakup between 
Domestic Market & Global Market 
100 Countries 
Exporting Worldwide
4,500 + 
T otal Workforce
Sectors catered & marquee clients
The Company delivers a comprehensive portfolio of products 
and services tailored to diverse industries, including 
Infrastructure, High-Speed Railways, Aerospace, Defense, 
Automotive, Oil & Gas, and Renewable Energy
The Company’s distinguished client portfolio encompasses 
leading public sector organizations, private sector OEMs, 
and a broad spectrum of central and state government 
departments. With an established track record of over three 
decades, Goodluck India Limited has successfully catered 
to both domestic and international clients, reinforcing its 
reputation for reliability and excellence. The Company has 
built a robust presence in key export markets, including the 
United Kingdom, United States, South Africa, UAE, Germany, 
and France, consistently delivering high-quality, specialized 
engineered products. Goodluck serves a prestigious clientele 
in the automotive sector, including industry leaders such as 
Ashok Leyland, Bajaj Auto, TVS, SML, Isuzu, ISGEC, ISRO, 
NTPC, BMW, Audi, among others. The Company remains 
committed to providing industry-leading solutions and 
maintaining the highest standards of quality for clients 
worldwide.
Production expertise
In FY 2024-25, Goodluck India advanced its value-added 
portfolio with the commissioning of a new hydraulic tube 
plant in the Sikandrabad Industrial Area. Trial production 
at this facility is expected to commence shortly, further 
strengthening the Company’s future growth potential.
In the infrastructure segment, Goodluck is nearing 
completion of its first major order of 22,000 tonnes for 
India’s pioneering bullet train project. Building on this 
expertise, the Company has successfully developed a second 
design for the bullet train and recently secured a new order, 
further strengthening its position in the high-speed rail 
sector.
Accreditations
EN 9100:2018/AS 9100D 
Certification
IATF 16949: 2016 
Certification
Automobiles
Infrastructure Aerospace Defense
Oil & Gas Renewables
Industries Served
Key Business Verticals
ERW Steel 
Tube
Precision 
Tube
Precision 
Engineering 
Structure
Fabrication & 
Forging
Goodluck India Limited64 65Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 36]
Engineering Structures & Precision Fabrication 
The Engineering Structures and Precision Fabrication 
division continues to demonstrate strong execution 
capabilities across complex, large-scale infrastructure 
projects. The division specializes in the design and fabrication 
of high-performance structures, including station buildings, 
super-critical bridges for high-speed bullet trains, smart 
city infrastructure, solar parks, car ports, and architectural 
elements such as wire-drawn bridges.
Goodluck is a key supplier to landmark domestic 
infrastructure projects, with a long-standing partnership 
supporting critical component requirements for leading 
EPC players, notably L&T. The division has also expanded its 
order book with heavy-duty structural fabrication contracts 
from the steel industry, further reinforcing its reputation for 
engineering excellence and delivery reliability.
Products Offered 
Railway and road bridges, girders, structures for roads and 
highways, primary and secondary structures for boilers 
and turbine generators, and girders for steel and concrete 
building structures.
Forging unit
Goodluck’s Forging Unit continues to serve as a critical 
contributor to the Company’s diversified product portfolio, 
delivering high-value components to key sectors such as oil 
& gas, automotive, industrial equipment, marine, aerospace, 
and defense. The division specializes in the manufacturing 
of steel, carbon, alloy, and duplex steel forgings and flanges, 
offering more than 100 material grades.
Its proven expertise and quality focus have positioned the 
Company as a trusted supplier to prestigious programs, 
including those under DRDO, with contributions to advanced 
defence platforms like the BrahMos missile. With a rising 
share of high-margin, value-added products in the overall mix, 
the Forging Unit is well poised to drive further improvement 
in EBITDA per tonne and reinforce Goodluck’s positioning in 
global precision engineering.
Products offered
Forged flanges, forged shafts, gear shanks, blind flanges and 
tube sheets, gear rings, defense products etc.
Precision Pipes & Auto Tubes
The Precision Pipes and Auto Tubes division delivered strong 
growth in FY 2024–25, supported by strategic capacity 
expansion to 170,000 MTPA. The newly commissioned 
50,000 MTPA precision tube plant achieved 40% utilization, 
with a ramp-up to 70–80% expected by September 2025.
The segment caters primarily to the automotive and 
construction equipment sectors, with key innovations like 
large-diameter ready-to-use pipes (219mm OD, 15mm 
thickness) gaining traction. These pipes offer a cost-effective 
alternative to seamless variants, strengthening the division’s 
competitive edge.
With EBITDA margins in the range of 12–14% and further 
improvement anticipated, this division remains a key 
contributor to Goodluck’s profitable growth.
Products Offered
CDW tubes, ERW tubes, engineering tubes, and boiler tubes.
Cold Formed Profile, CR Coils, Pipes & Tubes: 
The Company is a leading manufacturer and global exporter 
of premium engineering products, specializing in an extensive 
portfolio that includes galvanized and cold-rolled sheets 
and coils, as well as galvanized and black steel tubes and 
hollow sections. Its esteemed clientele spans prominent 
public sector undertakings, leading private sector OEMs, and 
various central and state government agencies, both across 
India and in international markets.
Products offered
Cold-Formed Profile, Cold rolled coils and sheets, corrugated 
sheets, hollow sections (square, rectangle, round hollow), and 
GI pipes.
85,000 MTPA 
Engineering Structures & Precision 
Fabrication
30,000 MTPA 
Forging
1,70,000 MTPA 
Precision Tubes & Auto Tubes
2,15,000 MTPA 
Cold Formed Profile,CR Coils, Pipes & 
Hollow Sections
Segment Wise Capacity
Key Operational Highlights of FY 2024-25
Commissioned a 50,000 MTPA 
precision pipe plant; utilization 
reached 40%, with ramp-up to 
70–80% expected by September 
2025
Introduced a large-diameter 
welded pipe line (219mm OD, 
15mm thickness)—a rare global 
offering—designed to replace 
costlier seamless pipes in 
construction equipment
Expanded capacities across key 
segments:
       Engineering Structures:  
85,000 MTPA
       Auto & Precision Tubes: 
1,70,000 MTPA
       Cold Formed Profile,CR Sheets 
& Pipes: 2,15,000 MTPA
Established subsidiary Goodluck 
Defence & Aerospace to 
manufacture 1.5 Lakhs artillery 
shells (155mm M107) annually
Plant completed ahead of 
schedule; trial production 
expected to commence in H1 FY 
2026, with revenue contribution 
anticipated in H2
Goodluck India Limited66 67Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 37]
Future Enablers for Growth
Value Addition in High-Volume GI Pipe Business
The GI Pipe segment remains a high-volume contributor 
for Goodluck India Limited. T o enhance profitability in 
this traditionally low-margin business, the Company is 
focusing on value-added offerings such as solar tracker and 
transmission tubes, tailored for the renewable energy sector.
By leveraging existing infrastructure and introducing 
application-specific variants without major capex, the 
Company aims to improve segmental EBITDA margins from 
3.5–4% to 5.5–6% over the next two years. This strategic 
shift is transforming the GI Pipe business from a commodity-
led model to a value-driven growth segment.
Capacity Addition in High Value-Added Product (VAP) 
Segments
Precision Tubes: During FY 2024–25, Goodluck India 
Limited expanded its precision tube capacity from 1,20,000 
MTPA to 1,70,000 MTPA with the commissioning of a new 
50,000 MTPA facility. This strategic addition enhances 
the Company’s ability to serve high-growth sectors such 
as automotive, construction equipment, and renewables. 
The new plant, designed for high-specification applications, 
reached 40% utilization by year-end, with ramp-up to 
70–80% expected by September 2025. With strong demand 
from OEMs and increasing adoption of large-diameter 
welded tubes, this capacity expansion is set to boost both 
volume growth and EBITDA margins in the precision tube 
segment.
Forging: Goodluck India Limited is undertaking strategic 
capacity expansion in its Forging Division to meet rising 
demand from the oil & gas, defense, and precision 
engineering sectors. The Company is enhancing forging 
capacity from 30,000 MTPA to 35,000 MTPA, enabling 
it to cater to more complex, high-value components. This 
expansion will allow the Company to service a broader global 
clientele, including leading players in Europe, the Middle East, 
and the U.S., while also supporting growing domestic defence 
requirements. With a focus on high-grade carbon, alloy, 
and duplex steel forgings, the added capacity is expected to 
significantly improve revenue and margin contribution from 
the forging division in the coming years.
Driving the Structures Business
Goodluck India Limited continues to strengthen its 
Engineering Structures and Precision Fabrication vertical 
as a key growth driver, leveraging its expertise in delivering 
complex, high-value infrastructure components. With 
an enhanced capacity of 85,000 MTPA, the Company is 
well-positioned to meet growing demand from large-scale 
infrastructure projects, including bullet train bridges, station 
buildings, smart city structures, solar parks, and architectural 
installations.
The Company serves as a preferred supplier to marquee 
clients such as L&T, and has secured repeat orders, including 
additional contracts for the bullet train project. It is also 
expanding into heavy-duty structures for the steel industry, 
supported by a strong order pipeline. Goodluck’s focus on 
precision engineering, timely execution, and a diversified 
project portfolio continues to drive momentum in this high-
potential business vertical.
Value addition in high-volume low-margin GI 
Pipe business
Capacity addition in high value-added 
product (VAP) segments
Financial Performance
Goodluck India Limited delivered a robust financial 
performance in FY 2024–25, demonstrating resilience and 
operational strength amidst a dynamic business environment. 
The Company reported a consolidated revenue of `3,971.21 
Crores, marking a 12.25% increase compared to `3,537.72 
Crores in FY 2023–24. This growth was driven by higher 
volumes, increased capacity utilization, and a diversified 
product portfolio catering to multiple sectors including 
infrastructure, automotive, oil & gas, and renewables.
Earnings Before Interest, T ax, Depreciation and Amortization 
(EBITDA) stood at `346.16 Crores, up 17.26% year-on-year, 
reflecting improved operational efficiencies and a greater 
contribution from high-margin segments such as precision 
tubes, forgings, and engineering structures. The EBITDA 
margin improved to 8.64%, supported by a favorable product 
mix and disciplined cost management. Profit After T ax (PAT) 
for the year rose by 25.23% to `165.63 Crores, compared 
to `132.25 Crores in the previous year. The Company also 
reported an Earnings Per Share (EPS) of `50.66, up from 
`46.41 in FY 2023–24. The return on capital employed 
(ROCE) stood at 15.37%, underscoring the Company’s 
efficient capital allocation and strong financial discipline.
Average capacity utilization remained high at 89%, with the 
fourth quarter touching 95%, reflecting healthy demand 
and optimal asset deployment. Additionally, the Company 
maintained a prudent approach to working capital and debt 
management, with operating cash flow improving to `158 
Crores, a significant turnaround from the previous year.
Future Outlook
Goodluck India Limited enters FY 2025–26 with strong 
momentum and a positive outlook across its key business 
segments. The Company is targeting revenue growth of 15–
20%, with a clear focus on scaling its high-margin businesses, 
particularly precision tubes, forgings, and the emerging 
defense and aerospace vertical. With robust demand from 
the infrastructure, automotive, oil & gas, and renewable 
energy sectors, the Company is well positioned to capitalize 
on both domestic and international opportunities.
The newly commissioned capacities—including the 50,000 
MTPA precision pipe plant and the defence manufacturing 
unit for 155mm artillery shells—are expected to ramp up 
significantly in FY 2025-26. The Company anticipates the 
defence vertical to contribute meaningfully to revenues in 
the second half of the fiscal year. Additionally, continued 
investments in engineering structures, solar components, 
and large-diameter pipes are expected to support long-term 
growth.
As it charts the path toward joining the `7,000–8,000 Crores 
turnover bracket over the next 3–4 years, the Company 
remains focused on sustaining double-digit EBITDA 
margins, improving return on capital, and strengthening its 
ESG footprint. Backed by a skilled workforce, innovative 
engineering, and a future-ready product portfolio, Goodluck 
India Limited is well equipped to deliver sustainable value to 
all stakeholders in the years ahead.
The Company’s return on Net Worth for FY 2024- 25  `1346.80 Crores in comparison of previous year’s return on net worth 
which was `994.59 Crores. The explanation of significant changes in this ratio compared to the previous financial year is provided 
in the financial section of the annual report.
Key Ratios FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 % Change
EBITDA Margin (%) 8.70 8.40 0.30
PAT Margin (%) 4.15 3.75 0.40
Debt Equity Ratio 0.69 0.60 0.09
Inventory Turnover Ratio 5.57 5.48 0.09
Debtors Turnover Ratio 8.95 9.93 -0.98
Interest Coverage Ratio 4.25 3.77 0.48
Current Ratio 1.60 1.73 -0.13
Operating Profit Ratio 7.98 8.11 -0.13
Goodluck India Limited68 69Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 38]
Risk Management Framework
At Goodluck India Limited, risk management is an integral 
component of the Company’s strategic and operational 
planning. The Company follows a structured and proactive 
approach to identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks 
across all areas of its business. Given the dynamic nature 
The key risks and mitigation strategies are:
Raw Material Risk
T echnology Risk
Human Resource Risk
Policy Risk
Supply Chain Disruptions
Economic Risk
Rising prices of key raw materials, especially steel, driven by inflationary pressures, geopolitical 
uncertainties, and supply chain disruptions, pose a potential risk to the Company. An inability to procure 
these materials at competitive rates may impact operational efficiency and exert pressure on profitability.
T o mitigate this risk, the Company emphasizes efficient utilization of key raw materials and leverages 
structured, formula-based contracts with provisions for price adjustments aligned to steel market 
fluctuations. This approach helps safeguard operations against raw material cost volatility and ensures 
improved financial stability.
Continuous upgradation of equipment and technology is critical for enhancing operational efficiency and 
staying aligned with dynamic global market expectations. The inability to adopt cutting-edge, sustainable 
technologies may lead to missed business opportunities and competitive disadvantages. At the same time, 
consistent investment in advanced systems and infrastructure, while essential for long-term growth, 
presents operational and financial challenges that the Company must strategically navigate.
T o address these challenges, the Company emphasizes technology integration and maintains a consistent 
strategy for equipment upgrades. This proactive approach strengthens productivity and enhances 
competitiveness, enabling the Company to effectively meet evolving market demands and maintain 
operational excellence.
A skilled and stable workforce is fundamental to Goodluck India Limited’s sustained growth, particularly 
given the labor-intensive nature of its operations. The Company recognizes that challenges such as skill 
shortages, high attrition, and talent mismatches can adversely impact productivity and business continuity.
T o mitigate these risks, Goodluck takes a strategic, proactive approach to workforce management, building 
resilience and agility into its human capital framework. The Company has implemented a series of people-
centric initiatives aimed at attracting and retaining top talent while fostering a culture of meritocracy, 
transparency, and performance. Emphasis is placed on capability development and capacity augmentation 
through continuous training, upskilling, and leadership development programs. These initiatives ensure the 
availability of a well-equipped talent pool to meet evolving operational demands and support the Company’s 
long-term growth trajectory.The Indian government’s strong focus and investment in infrastructure development have positively 
impacted the Company’s business. However, any potential long-term reduction in infrastructure spending or 
targets could negatively influence market dynamics and pose risks to the Company’s profitability.
T o mitigate this risk, the Company is strengthening its market presence by expanding its product portfolio. 
This strategic diversification is designed to reduce dependency on any single sector and cushion the impact 
of potential market slowdowns.
Ongoing geopolitical crises have led to substantial disruptions across global supply chains and driven up 
freight costs, presenting potential challenges to the Company’s operational efficiency and profitability.
T o address these challenges, the Company is actively pursuing strategic sourcing options and alternative 
supply routes. It is enhancing supply chain transparency through stronger international coordination and 
fostering greater collaboration across its global operations.
The Company remains exposed to potential risks arising from a global economic slowdown and ongoing 
geopolitical tensions, which may lead to softened demand and adversely affect its export operations, especially 
in key markets such as Europe and Russia.
T o mitigate these risks, the Company has established a strong presence in over 100 countries and continues 
to diversify by entering new international markets. It undertakes comprehensive market research to evaluate 
geographic risks and opportunities, thereby minimizing exposure to region-specific uncertainties. Additionally, 
the robust domestic market serves as a key pillar of growth, offering consistent business opportunities and 
contributing to overall stability.
of the global and domestic business environment, the 
Risk Management Framework is designed to safeguard 
stakeholder interests, ensure business continuity, and 
support sustainable growth. It enables the organization 
to respond effectively to emerging risks, and aligns with 
regulatory requirements and industry best practices. 
Goodluck India Limited70 71Annual Report 2024-25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

[page 39]
Human Resources
At Goodluck India Limited, employees are regarded as the 
Company’s most valuable asset and a cornerstone of its 
sustained growth and success. The Company is committed to 
continuously enhancing the knowledge, skills, and capabilities 
of its workforce through structured development initiatives 
and forward-looking talent strategies. Emphasis is placed 
on attracting new talent, recognizing high performance, and 
fostering a transparent, collaborative, and meritocratic work 
environment that encourages innovation and accountability.
Goodluck follows a progressive people-centric approach, 
supported by robust policies and sustained investment in 
employee development. Comprehensive training programs 
are regularly conducted, covering technical competencies, 
safety protocols, behavioral skills, leadership development, 
and adherence to the Company’s core values and code of 
conduct. Specialized workshops by external experts are 
also organized to strengthen safety awareness and risk 
management. The recently launched Learning Centre further 
enhances this framework by bridging skill gaps, fostering 
future-ready capabilities, and promoting continuous learning 
across the workforce.
Throughout the year, the Company introduced several 
employee-centric initiatives aimed at enhancing productivity, 
teamwork, and overall employee engagement. It remains 
committed to ensuring the health, safety, and well-being of its 
workforce through targeted interventions and engagement 
platforms. Notably, a Performance Linked Incentive Scheme 
has been implemented for employees directly engaged 
in production, reinforcing a culture of recognition and 
performance excellence.
Corporate Social Responsibility
At Goodluck India Limited, Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) is an integral part of its business philosophy, reflecting 
a strong commitment to inclusive and sustainable growth. 
The Company undertakes focused initiatives in education, 
healthcare, and skill development to uplift local communities 
and promote social equity. Environmental responsibility 
is central to its operations, with ongoing efforts to adopt 
eco-friendly practices and support conservation. Goodluck 
prioritizes employee well-being through stringent health and 
safety measures and continuous skill enhancement programs. 
The Company upholds the highest standards of ethics, 
transparency, and governance in all aspects of its functioning.
Internal Control Systems
Goodluck India Limited maintains a robust internal control 
system to ensure the reliability of financial information 
through the timely and accurate recording of all financial, 
commercial, and operational transactions. This system also 
safeguards assets from unauthorized use or disposition 
and ensures strict adherence to applicable regulations. 
GIL prioritizes the effectiveness of its internal audit 
system, which involves regular monitoring and review of all 
operations and services. Moreover, the Company’s Audit 
Committee conducts periodic reviews to assess the adequacy 
and effectiveness of these internal controls, reporting key 
findings to the Board for necessary corrective actions.
Cautionary Statement
Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates, 
and expectations may be forward looking statement within 
the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual 
results could differ materially from those expressed or 
implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the 
Company’s operations include economic conditions affecting 
demand/supply and price conditions in the market in which 
the Company operates, changes in Government regulations, 
tax laws, other statutes and other incidental factors. 
Goodluck India Limited72

[page 40]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
73Annual Report 2024-25
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
The Board of Directors of your Company takes pleasure in presenting 39th Annual Report and audited Standalone accounts on the business 
and operations of your Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025.
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Total income 3966 3535
Earnings before interest, tax & depreciation 341 293
Finance cost 80 78
Depreciation 45 35
Profit before tax 216 180
Profit after tax 162 131
Earnings per Share (in `) 49.71 45.92
(` In Cr.)
1. Results of Operations and The State of Company’s 
Affairs
 The Company achieved remarkable growth during the FY 
2024 - 25 by selling highest ever volume of engineered 
products, i.e. 442,618 MT. The Company has total 5,00,000 
tons manufacturing capacity. Goodluck is into four major 
verticals, which are ERW Steel Tube, Precision tube, Precision 
engineering and fabrication and forging. The company has 
started its solar in a separate vertical owing to the superlative 
demand in this segment. Also aerospace and defence too 
are other area of interest, which in management opinion 
requires social especial focus. The Company caters many 
diverse sectors of the economy that include auto, infra, high 
speed railway, specialized infrastructure, solar, aerospace and 
defence components.
 The consolidated total revenue for the FY 2024-25 stood 
at ` 3971.21 Crores as compared to ` 3537.73 Crores in the 
Previous year. The EBITDA was up by 16.4% to `344 Crores and 
PAT grew by 25%% to ` 165.62Crores. 
 While examining the pr ofitability of our standalone 
company, we witnessed EBITDA grew from ` 292 
Crores last year to ` 341 Crores this year, marking an 
increase of 16.3.2%. In terms of profitability, it grew  
` 161.74 Crores, up from ` 130.54Crores last year, which 
represents an impressive increase of 23.9 %. Profit Before Tax 
stood at ` 179 Crores, while this year it has risen to ` 215 
Crores, reflecting a growth of 19.8% in PBT.
2.
 Dividends
 In accordance with Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”), the Company has formulated and 
adopted a dividend distribution policy, as approved by its 
Board of Directors. 
 This Policy will regulate the process of dividend declaration 
and its pay-out by the Company in accordance with the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) 
regulations, 2015. The Policy is available on the Company’s 
website: https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/dividend-
distribution-policy.pdf
 The Board of Directors recommended a Final dividend @ 
200%, i.e. ` 4/- per equity Share on 32738509 equity shares of 
Rs. 2 each of the Company, for the year ended March 31, 2025, 
subject to the approval of the Members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting. 
3.
 Corporate Governance and Additional Information to 
Shareholders
 The Company is committed to maintain high standards 
of corporate governance. A separate report on corporate 
governance, pursuant to regulations of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, is 
provided with a certificate from the Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated under Listing Regulations, including 
the management discussion and analysis, and shareholders’ 
information forms a part of this report.
 As required by Regulation 17(8) read with Schedule II Part 
B of the Listing Regulations, the Management and CFO of 
the Company have given appropriate certifications, inter 
alia, confirming the correctness of the financial statements 
and cash flow statements, adequacy of the internal control 
[page 41]
Goodluck India Limited74
measures and reporting of matters to the Audit Committee to 
the Board of Directors.
 Details of the depository system and listing of shares and 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent are given in the section 
Shareholder information, which forms a part of the Corporate 
Governance Report.
4.
 Business Responsibility and Sustainability report  
 Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f ) of the Listing Regulations 
and SEBI circular no. SEBI/LAD-NRO/ GN/2021/2 dated May 
5, 2021, your Company provides the prescribed disclosures 
in new reporting requirements on Environmental, Social 
and Governance (“ESG”) parameters called the Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (“BRSR”) which 
includes performance against the nine principles of the 
National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct and the 
report under each principle which is divided into essential and 
leadership indicators. 
5.
 Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, 
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
 Details of conservation of energy, technology absorption, 
foreign exchange earnings and outgo undertaken by the 
Company along with the information in are given in Annexure 
‘A’ to the Directors’ Report.
6.
 Directors and Key Management Personnel
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and in terms of the Article of Association 
of Company, Mr.  Ramesh Chandra Garg (DIN: 00298129), 
Whole Time Director is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing 
AGM and being eligible, offer himself for re-appointment. The 
proposal regarding his re-appointment is placed for approval 
by the shareholders. 
 As on March 31, 2025, your Company’s Board has eight 
members. This includes four Executive Directors, and four Non-
Executive Independent Directors, two of whom are a Woman 
Independent Director. You can find details about the Board 
and Committee composition, director tenure, and more in the 
Corporate Governance Report, which is part of this Annual 
Report. 
 During the year, there were no changes in Directors/ Key 
Managerial Personnel.
7. Number of Meetings of the Board and Its Committees
 The details of the meetings of the Board of Directors and its 
Committees, convened during the financial year 2024-25 are 
mentioned under the Corporate Governance Report which 
forms a part of this report.
8.
 Statutory Auditors
 Disclosing the details of the Statut ory Auditors in the Board's 
Report helps ensure transparency and gives shareholders and 
other stakeholders confidence in the Company’s financial 
health and adherence to regulations.
 M/s S anjeev Anand & Associates, Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No. 007171C), have been appointed as 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a period of five 
years, commencing from the conclusion of the 38th Annual 
General Meeting (AGM) until the conclusion of the 43rd 
AGM, to examine and audit the accounts of the Company, on 
such remuneration as may be mutually agreed upon between 
the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 The report of the Statutory Auditor forms part of the Integrated 
Annual Report and Annual Accounts for FY 2024-25. The said 
report does not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse 
remark or disclaimer. The Notes on financial statements 
referred to in the Auditor’s Report are self-explanatory and do 
not call for any further comments. 
 No fraud has been r eported by the Auditor under section 
143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 requiring disclosure in the 
Board’s Report. 
9.
 Secretarial Auditor
 The Board has appointed M/s Ravi S Sharma & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretary (FCS – 7336), to conduct 
Secretarial Audit for the financial year 2024-25. The Secretarial 
Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 is 
annexed herewith marked as Annexure ‘B’ to this Report. 
 The Secretarial Audit Report for the year does not contain any 
qualification or reservation remarks.
 In order to comply with the recent amendments of Listing 
Regulations Board of Directors of the Company has proposed, 
to M/s Ravi S Sharma & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretary (FCS – 7336), to undertake the Secretarial Audit 
of the Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years, 
commencing from the 39th AGM to hold office till the 
conclusion of the 44th AGM of the Company, subject to 
approval of shareholders, Disclosure regarding appointment 
as required under Listing Regulations is provided in the Notice 
of the 39th  AGM of the Company. Your Board recommends 
the appointment of M/s Ravi S Sharma & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretary, as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company, 
for a term of five consecutive years.
10.
 Cost Auditor
 In terms of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 42]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
75Annual Report 2024-25
Company is required to maintain cost records and have the 
audit of its cost records conducted by a Cost Accountant. 
Cost records are prepared and maintained by the Company as 
required under Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The Board of Directors of your Company, on the 
recommendations made by the Audit Committee has 
approved the appointment of   Mr. S. R. Kapur, Practicing 
Cost Accountant, (M. No. 4926) as the Cost Auditor of your 
Company to conduct the audit of cost records for the financial 
year 2025-26. The remuneration proposed to be paid to the 
Cost Auditor, subject to your ratification at the ensuing 39th 
Annual General Meeting.
 Your Company has received consent from  Mr. S. R. Kapur, 
Practicing Cost Accountant, to act as the Cost Auditor for 
conducting audit of the cost records for the financial year 2025-
26 along with a certificate confirming their independence and 
arm’s length relationship.
 The Company has maintained the Cost Records as specified by 
the Central Government under Section 148(1) of the Act.
11. Auditor’s Reports
 The Statutory Auditor’s Report to the Shareholders together 
with Accounts for the year ended 31st March, 2025 and 
notes thereon are attached, which are self-explanatory.  The 
observations of Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditors and 
Cost Auditors in their report, read with the relevant Notes to 
Accounts are self-explanatory and therefore, do not require 
any further explanation.
 The Statutory Auditors of the Company have not reported 
any fraud as specified under the second proviso of Section 
143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) for the time being in 
force). The Auditors’ Report for the financial year ended 31st 
March, 2025, does not contain any qualification, reservation or 
adverse remark.
12.
 Management Discussion and Analysis
 The Management Discussion and Analysis forms an integral 
part of this report and gives details of the overall industry 
structure, economic developments, performance and state 
of affairs of your Company’s businesses, internal controls and 
their adequacy, risk & concerns, risk management systems and 
other material developments etc. during the financial year 
2024-25.
13.
 Public Deposits  
 Your Company has not invited or accepted any fixed deposits 
during the year as per the provisions of Section 73(2) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made there under and as 
such, no amount of principal or interest was outstanding on 
the date of the Balance Sheet. 
14.
 Internal Financial Controls
 The Board of your Company has laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
financial controls are adequate and operating effectively. Your 
Company has adopted policies and procedures for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and 
the timely preparation of reliable financial disclosures.
15.
 Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures/Associate Companies
 The Company has 5 subsidiaries as on March 31, 2025. During 
the year under review, the Board of Directors reviewed the 
affairs of material subsidiaries. There has been no material 
change in the nature of the business of the subsidiaries.
 Further, the report on the performance and financial position 
of each subsidiary and salient features of their Financial 
Statements in the prescribed Form AOC-1 is annexed to this 
Report as Annexure ‘C’. 
 As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, a policy on material 
subsidiaries as approved by the Board of Directors, may be 
accessed on the Company’s website www.goodluckindia.
com.
16.
 Independent Directors Declaration 
 During the financial year 2024-25, the Board of the Company 
consists of Mr. Rajiv Goel, Mrs. Rajni Abbi, Mr. Madhur Gupta, 
Ms. Charu Jindal as Independent Directors. These Directors 
have confirmed that they fulfill all the requirements as 
stipulated in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 so 
as to qualify themselves to be appointed as an Independent 
Directors under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the Rules thereunder. 
 Every Independent Director, at the first meeting of the Board 
in which he participates as a Director and thereafter at the first 
meeting of the Board in every financial year, gives a declaration 
that he meets the criteria of independence as provided under 
law.
 The Board of Directors confirm that the Independent directors 
appointed during the year also meet the criterial of integrity, 
expertise and experience in terms of Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 43]
Goodluck India Limited76
17. D isclosure as per the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013 
 Your Board strongly believes in providing a safe and 
harassment-free workplace for every individual working in the 
Company. It is the continuous endeavour of the Management 
to foster an environment that is free from discrimination and 
harassment, including sexual arassment, a detailed report 
on Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace disclosed in 
the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this 
Annual Report.
18.
 Risk Management Policy
 In compliance with the requirement of the Companies Act, 
2013 the Company has put in place Risk Minimization and 
Assessment Procedures. In order to effectively and efficiently 
manage risk and address challenges, the Company has 
formulated Risk Management Policy.
 The objective of any risk identification and assessment process 
is to evaluate the combination of likelihood and level of 
negative impacts from an event. The three main components 
of risk assessment are business risk, service/operational risk 
and external risk.
 The Company manages the risk in line with current risk 
management best practices. This facilitates the achievement 
of our objectives, operational effectiveness and efficiency, 
protection of people and assets, informed decision-making 
and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
19.
 Change in The Nature of Business
 In pursuance to Rule 8(5) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, there is no change in the nature of business of Company. 
20. Material Orders
 In pursuance to Rule 8(5) (vii) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, there were no significant or material orders were passed 
by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals during the financial 
year 2024- 25 which would impact the going concern status 
and Company’s operations in future.
21.
 Particulars of Loans Given, Investments Made, 
Guarantees Given and Securities Provided
 Particulars of loans given, investments made, guarantees given 
and securities provided along with the purpose for which the 
loan or guarantee or security is proposed to be utilized by the 
recipient are provided in the financial statements.
22.
 Familiarization Programme for Board Members
 The Board members are provided with necessary documents, 
reports and internal policies to enable them to familiarize 
with the Company’s procedures and practices. Periodic 
presentations are made at the Board and Board Committee 
Meetings, on business and performance updates of the 
Company. The details of such familiarization programmes 
for Independent Directors are posted on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed at the link https://www.
goodluckindia.com.
23.
 Policy on Related Party Transactions
 All Contracts/transactions/arrangements entered into by the 
Company during the financial year with the Related Parties 
were in ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length 
basis and in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, read with the Rules issued thereunder and the 
Listing Regulations. Further, there were no transactions with 
related parties which qualify as material transactions under 
the Listing Regulations.
 All transac tions with related parties were reviewed and 
approved by the Audit Committee. Omnibus approval is 
obtained for un-foreseen transactions. Subsequently on a 
quarterly basis the transactions are presented to the Audit 
Committee, specifying the nature, value and terms and 
conditions of the same.
 The Company has made transactions with related parties 
pursuant to Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013.  The 
particulars of material contracts or arrangements with related 
parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 in the Form 
AOC-2 is annexed herewith as Annexure ‘D’.
 The Company has formulated a policy on materiality of related 
party transactions and also on dealing with Related Party 
Transactions which has been uploaded on the Company’s 
website at the weblink: https://www.goodluckindia.com.
24.
 Policy on appointment and remuneration to be paid to 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and other 
employees and criteria formulated by the Committee 
for determining qualification, attributes, Independence 
of a director 
 The Board has adopted a policy, on remuneration to be paid 
to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees 
and Criteria for Appointment of Directors. The objective of 
the policy is to define the criteria for qualification, qualities 
and characteristics for the Board as a whole and to ensure 
that Executive/Non-Executive Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel are sufficiently compensated for their performance.
 Policy on appointment of Directors
 The Composition and strength of the Board of Directors 
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 44]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
77Annual Report 2024-25
(“the Board”) of the Company is subject to the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and Articles 
of the Association of the Company. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee is responsible for evaluating the 
qualifications of each candidate to be appointed as Director 
on the Board. In general, it is expected from a Director to 
possess appropriate skills, experience and knowledge in one 
or more fields of finance, law, management, sales, marketing, 
administration, research, corporate governance, technical 
operations or other disciplines related to the Company’s 
business or in the area of his expertise and to have ample 
experience and a proven record of professional success, 
leadership and the highest level of personal and professional 
ethics, integrity and values.
 Remuneration Policy
 Non-Executive Independent Directors may receive sitting 
fees for attending the Meeting of the Board and Committees 
thereof. The Executive Directors and other employees are 
paid remuneration by way of salary, perquisites, allowances. 
Perquisites and retirement benefits are paid as per the 
Company policy. The remuneration of Executive Directors, 
as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, is approved and further recommended by Board 
of Directors to the Members for approval. Remuneration 
and annual pay of Executive Directors and employees is 
determined keeping in view the industry benchmark and the 
relative performance of the Company.
 Criteria for Determining Qualifications, Positive 
Attributes & Independence of Director
 A dir ector shall possess appropriate skills, experience and 
knowledge in one or more fields of finance, law, management, 
sales, marketing, administration, research, corporate 
governance, operations or other disciplines related to the 
company's business or in the area of his expertise.
 A dir ector shall be a person of integrity, who possesses 
relevant expertise and experience and who shall uphold 
ethical standards of integrity and probity; act objectively 
and constructively; exercise his responsibilities in a bona-fide 
manner in the interest of the company; devote sufficient time 
and attention to his professional obligations for informed 
and balanced decision making; and assist the company in 
implementing the best corporate governance practices.
 Directors should be free to present their view point 
independently, Company has also adopted to conduct the 
separate meeting of the independent Directors, which will 
ensure that the independent directors of the Company 
can review the performance of the Board and Chairman. 
Moreover, the Directors should meet the other requirements 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1) (b) of 
Listing Regulations concerning independence of directors. A 
complete Remuneration Policy is available Company’s website 
at the weblink: https://www.goodluckindia.com .
25.
 Evaluation of the Board’s Performance
 In terms of the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Listing Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of 
the Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its 
own performance with the aim to improve the effectiveness 
of the Board and the Committees. During the year, Board 
evaluation cycle was completed by the Company internally 
which included the evaluation of the Board as a whole, Board 
Committees and the Peer evaluation of the Directors. The 
exercise was carried out through a structured evaluation to 
evaluate the performance of individual directors including the 
Board Chairman along with the Chairman of the Nomination 
and remuneration Committee of the Company. The evaluation 
process focused on various aspects of the functioning of 
the Board and Committees, experience and competencies, 
performance of specific duties and  obligations, governance 
issues, etc. 
 The evaluation of Independent Directors was carried out 
by the entire Board and that of the Chairman and the Non-
Independent Directors were carried out by the Independent 
Directors. 
 The performance of the Board was evaluated on the basis 
of the criteria such as the Board composition and structure, 
effectiveness of Board process, information and functioning 
etc. The performance of the committees was evaluated on the 
basis of the criteria such as the composition of the committees, 
effectiveness of committee meetings, etc. The Board and 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed the 
performance of the individual directors on the basis of the 
criteria such as the contribution of individual director to the 
Board and committee meetings like preparedness on the issue 
to be discuss meaningful and constructive contribution and 
inputs in meetings, etc. 
 The Directors were satisfied with the evaluation results, 
which reflected the overall engagement of the Board and its 
Committees with the Company.
 In the coming year, the Board intends to enhance focus on 
diversity of the Board through the process of induction of 
members having industry expertise, strategic plan, exploring 
the new drivers of growth and further enhancing engagement 
with investors.
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 45]
Goodluck India Limited78
26. C orporate Social Responsibility Initiatives
 In compliance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules 2014, the Company has established Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee and statutory 
disclosures with respect to the CSR Committee and an Annual 
Report on CSR Activities forms part of this Report as Annexure 
‘E’ . The CSR Policy may be accessed on the Company’s website 
at the weblink: https://www.goodluckindia.com.
27.
 Buy Back of Securities
 The Company has not bought back any of its securities during 
the year under review.
28. Transfer to reserves
 The Board opted not to propose any transfer to reserve at 
this time, choosing instead to allocate resources toward 
opportunities that may foster growth and resilience in the 
future. The decision reflects a careful consideration of our 
current needs and a strategic approach.
29.
 Vigil Mechanism
 The Company is committed to adhere to the highest standards 
of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business operations. 
To maintain these standards, the Company encourages its 
employees who have concerns about suspected misconduct 
to come forward and express these concerns without fear 
of punishment or unfair treatment. A Vigil (Whistle Blower) 
mechanism provides a channel to the employees and 
Directors to report to the management concerns about 
genuine concerns or grievances, unethical behavior, actual or 
suspected fraud or violation of the Codes of conduct or legal 
or regulatory requirements incorrect or misrepresentation 
of any financial statements and reports, etc. The detail vigil 
mechanism may be accessed on the Company’s website at 
the weblink: https://www.goodluckindia.com.
30.
 Annual Return
 Pursuant to Section 134(3)(a) and 92(3) of the Act, the Annual 
Return for financial year 2024-25 of the Company has been 
placed on the website of the Company at https://www.
goodluckindia.com/shareholder-information.php.
31.
 Particulars of Employees
 Particulars of employees and the ratio of the remuneration 
of each director to the median employee’s remuneration and 
other details in terms of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is 
attached herewith as Annexure ‘F’.
32.
 Payment of Listing Fees
 Annual listing f ee for the year 2024-25 has been paid by the 
Company to the stock exchanges where the company is listed, 
i.e., BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange Limited. 
33.
 Material Changes and Commitments Affecting the 
Financial Position of the Company as on 31st March 
2025
 During the year, there was no change in the general nature of 
business of your Company. Except as disclosed elsewhere in 
this Report, no material change or commitment has occurred 
which would have affected the financial position of your 
Company between the end of the financial year to which 
the financial statements relate and the date of the report. No 
significant and material order was passed by the regulators 
or courts or tribunals which would have impacted the going 
concern status and your Company’s operations in future. 
Your Company has not made any provision of money for the 
purchase of, or subscription for, shares of your Company or 
its holding company, to be held by or for the benefit of the 
employees of your Company and hence the disclosure as 
required under Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 is not required. No fraud took place 
in the Company during the year and hence, no such reporting 
was made to the Audit Committee and the Board under Rule 
13(3) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
34.
 Details of applic ation pending under Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016
 During the year under the review, there has been no 
application made or proceeding pending in the knowledge 
of the company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016.
35.
 One-time Settlement
 There is no instance for one-time settlement with Banks or 
Financial Institutions. Hence, there is no question of difference 
between amount of the valuation done at the time of one-
time settlement and the valuation done while taking loan 
from the Banks or Financial Institutions.
36.
 Compliance with the provision of Maternity Benefit Act 
,1961
 The Company is in compliance with the provisions of the 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, as amended by the Maternity 
Benefit (Amendment) Act, 2017. All eligible women employees 
have been extended maternity leave and other applicable 
benefits as prescribed under the Act.
37.
 Secretarial Standard 
 The Directors state that the applicable Secretarial Standards i.e., 
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 46]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
79Annual Report 2024-25
SS-1 and SS-2, issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India, relating to Meetings of Board of Directors and General 
Meetings respectively, have been duly complied with.
38.
 Statement of deviation or variation
  In accordance with Regulation 32 (4) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Board confirms that there has been no deviation or 
variation in the utilisation of proceeds from the preferential 
issue of equity shares. The funds were utilised for the purposes 
stated in the notice of the general meeting approving the 
issue.
 The Audit Committee has reviewed the statement of utilisation, 
and the Board has taken note of the same.
39. Directors Responsibility Statement
 As stipulated in Section 134(3) (c) of Companies Act, 2013, your 
Directors subscribe to the “Directors Responsibility Statement” 
and confirm as under:
a.
 That in the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards have been followed 
along with proper explanations relating to material 
departures.
b.
 That the directors have selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a 
true & fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the 
end of Financial Year 2024-25 and of the Profit & Loss A/c 
of the Company for that period.
c.
 That the directors have taken proper and sufficient care 
of the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities.
d.
 That the directors have prepared the annual accounts on a 
going concern basis.
e. The directors, in case of a listed company, have laid down 
internal financial controls to be followed by the Company 
and that such internal financial controls are adequate and 
were operating effectively.
f.
 The directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
40.
 Appreciation
 Your Directors wish to thank and acknowledge with gratitude 
for assistance and co-operation received from the financial 
institutions, banks, government authorities, customer, vendors, 
and members during the year under review. Your directors also 
wish to place on record their deep sense of appreciation for 
the committed services by the executives, staff and workers of 
the company.
On behalf of the Board of 
Directors
M. C. GARG
Chairman
Date: 29.08.2025
Place: Ghaziabad
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
[page 47]
Goodluck India Limited80
ANNEXURE- A
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY 
The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy;
As part of our commitment to sustainability and responsible energy use, Goodluck India Limited has implemented several impactful 
measures aimed at conserving energy across operations. These include reducing waste and energy losses, enhancing efficiency through 
continuous technological upgrades, and promoting behavioral changes among users to foster a culture of mindful energy use. We have 
adopted smart systems for monitoring appliances, enabling data-driven decisions and early detection of inefficiencies. Load shifting 
strategies have been employed to optimize energy consumption during off-peak hours. Additionally, we provide actionable energy-saving 
recommendations to our teams and have improved infrastructure by insulating buildings to reduce heating and cooling demands. By 
integrating renewable energy sources into our operations, we are actively transitioning towards a cleaner energy future. These collective 
efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to environmental stewardship and operational excellence.
The steps taken by the company for utilizing alternate sources of energy;
 Expanded the use of solar power for lighting, promoting the use of natural and renewable energy sources.
 I ntroduced alternative materials in the filtration system by replacing consumable paper rolls with more sustainable options.
 I nstalled recyclable plastic "family band" filters in place of traditional paper filters, supporting the company’s environment-friendly 
initiatives.
 Optimiz ed the rainwater harvesting system, contributing to improved groundwater levels and reducing dependence on external water 
sources. Achieved a 5% reduction in freshwater consumption through the efficient recycling and reuse of water resources
 I nstalled Air Cooled VRF based AC with non CFC gases leading to savings in energy consumption.
 Upg raded the drive system of ETP aerators, achieving energy savings of approximately 3,600 units per month.
 I nstalled an additional 5000 kVA transformer to minimize full load losses and ensure transformer operation at optimal efficiency.
 I nitiated plans to paint roofs with UV-reflective coating to reduce indoor temperatures, thereby lowering energy usage in air conditioning 
systems.
 R eplaced higher kW pumps with lower kW alternatives by optimizing pressure and flow in the supply system, improving overall 
efficiency.
 A chieved 50% reduction in consumption of nitrogen by using alternate technology furnace to improve productivity and energy 
consumption in heat treatment area.
The Capital investment on energy conservation equipment’s;
 I n alignment with our long-term commitment to energy conservation and environmental sustainability, we have made significant 
investments this year across various areas aimed at reducing energy consumption, optimizing operational efficiency, and preserving 
natural resources. Key initiatives include:
 I nvestment of `40 lakh in DEFORM engineering software to enhance process optimization and improve energy efficiency.
 `3.41 crore allocated towards the modification of the Multiple Effect Evaporator (MEE) system to improve energy utilization and reduce 
waste.
 `3.25 crore invested in the upgradation of the Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP), supporting improved wastewater management and 
environmental compliance.
 `1.36 crore dedicated to the modification of the cold saw machine in the Tube Mill, aiming to improve operational efficiency and 
reduce energy consumption.
    `25 lakh spent on the installation of a rainwater harvesting system to support water conservation and promote sustainable resource 
usage.
 T hese proactive steps reflect our strategic focus on sustainable growth and demonstrate our ongoing efforts to minimize environmental 
impact while enhancing operational resilience.
[page 48]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
81Annual Report 2024-25
Technology absorption
The efforts made towards technology absorption;
 G oodluck India has been successful in adoption of world class milling technology for precision bearings and bearing component 
manufacturing, developing a series of super finishing machines and world class assembly equipment.
 Ne w development is focused for industrial applications in DEFORM software technology.  DEFORM is a powerful engineering software 
used for simulating metal forming, heat treatment, and machining processes, enabling designers to optimize manufacturing operations 
without physical trials.
 R educe manpower & use Robotic system in high Hazard process and also assessment of existing machine and technology made us 
stronger in making further improvements in our products.
 K eeping productivity and quality in focus, all resources aim together for using right technology at right place and developing necessary 
human asset accordingly.
 K ey investments are planned to expand the capacity with latest technology new industries.
 6. Ne w development is focused for using industrial non-hazardous waste materials (Iron scrap) and Hazardous waste (use HCL) as by 
product, it is RND stage.
The Company continues to derive significant benefits from its focused Research and Development (R&D) initiatives, which are aligned with 
its commitment to innovation, quality enhancement, and operational efficiency. Key benefits during the financial year 2024-25 include:
Product Improvement: Enhancements in design and performance have led to improved reliability, durability, and customer satisfaction.
Cost Reduction: Process optimization and automation initiatives have resulted in reduced material wastage, improved energy efficiency, 
and lower production costs.
Product Development: Development of new product variants tailored to evolving customer needs and emerging market trends, contributing 
to revenue diversification.
Import Substitution: Successful indigenization of critical components and raw materials has reduced dependence on imports, ensuring 
supply chain stability and cost competitiveness.
These R&D efforts have strengthened the Company’s market position, improved operational margins, and enhanced its ability to respond 
swiftly to customer requirements and technological changes.
There is no any technology imported by the company during last financial year
The expenditure incurred on Research and Development.
The Company recognizes that continuous investment in Research and Development (R&D) is critical to innovation, enhancing product 
quality, improving operational efficiency, and maintaining competitiveness in a rapidly evolving market environment.
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company undertook various R&D initiatives focused on:
 D eveloping new products and improving existing product lines.
 Optimizing manufacturing processes to improve productivity and reduce costs.
 Enhancing environmental sustainability through energy-efficient and eco-friendly technologies.
 Upg rading information technology systems to strengthen data analytics and automation.
The Company remains committed to allocating adequate resources towards R&D to ensure long-term value creation, technological 
advancement, and alignment with global quality standards.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING AND OUT GO
During the year under review, the total foreign exchange earnings and outgo of the company are as follows:
ANNEXURE- A
Particulars 2024-2025 2023-2024
Out go (CIF value of Imports) 5041.03 5670.94
Out go (Expenditure) 1792.86 1484.76
Earnings (F.O.B. value of Exports) 91534.41 89,607.36
(` In Lakhs)
[page 49]
Goodluck India Limited82
ANNEXURE- B
To, 
The Members of,
Goodluck India Limited, 
509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road,
Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001.
Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date, for the financial year 2024-25 is to be read along with this letter.
Management's Responsibility
1. 
 It is the responsibility of the Management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.
Auditor's Responsibility
2. 
 Our r esponsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company with 
respect to the secretarial compliances.
3.  We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company's management is adequate and appropriate for us to 
provide a basis for our opinion.
4.  Whatever required, we have obtained the management's representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
Disclaimer
5. 
 The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
6.  We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books and accounts of the Company.
For, RAVI S SHARMA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Firm Reg. No-12008DE626400
Ravi. S. Sharma 
M. No. F7336
COP No-8007
Place: New Delhi 
Date: 22.05.2025
[page 50]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
83Annual Report 2024-25
[Form No, MR-3]
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
(FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31.03.2025)
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members of,
Goodluck India Limited,
509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road,
Connaught Place, New Delhi -110001.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the Compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Goodluck India Limited (CIN: L74899DL1986PLC050910) (hereinafter called the Company). Secretarial Audit was 
conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing 
my opinion thereon. 
Based on our verification of the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company 
and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial 
audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 
2025 (‘Audit Period’),complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and 
compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms, and returns filed and other records maintained by Goodluck India Limited 
(“The Company”) for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
I. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder;
II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder;
III. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
IV. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent applicable. Further, there were 
no compliances required relating to Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings 
during the period under review;      
V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) to the extent 
applicable to the Company: -
a.
 Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and   Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure   Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
e. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client;
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; - Not Applicable to the Company 
during Audit Period
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; - Not Applicable to the Company during 
Audit Period
i. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities & Security receipts) Regulations, 2008; - Not 
Applicable to the Company during Audit Period
j. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits & Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021; - Not Applicable 
to the Company during Audit Period
[page 51]
Goodluck India Limited84
k. the C ompany has complied with the requirements under the Listing Agreements entered with BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited; and
l. The Memorandum and Articles of Association.
VI. The Management has identified the following laws as specifically applicable to the Company:
I. The Indian Boiler Act, 1923
II. The Hazardous wastes (Management & Handling) Rules, 1989
III. The Explosive Act, 1884
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
i) Secretarial Standards with regard to Meeting of Board of Directors (SS-1), General Meetings (SS-2) and Dividend (SS-3) issued by 
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. However, the stricter applicability of the Secretarial Standard is to be observed by the 
Company. 
ii) The Listing Agreements entered by the Company with the BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Limited.                                                                                                                                    
During the period under review and as per representation and clarifications provided by the management, I confirm that the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, Listing Agreements etc mentioned above.
We further report that the Company has, in my opinion, complied with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made 
under that Act and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, with regard to:
a)
 Maintenance of various statutory registers and documents and making necessary entries therein;
b) Closure of the Register of Members.
c) Forms, returns, documents and resolutions required to be filed with the Registrar of Companies and the Central Government;
d) Service of documents by the Company on its Members, Auditors and the Registrar of Companies;
e) Notice of Board meetings and Committee meetings of Directors;
f ) The meetings of Directors and Committees of Directors including passing of resolutions by circulation;
g) The 38th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 28th September 2024;
h) Minutes of proceedings of General Meetings and of the Board and its Committee meetings;
i) Approvals of the Members, the Board of Directors, the Committees of Directors, and the government authorities, wherever required;
j) Constitution of the Board of Directors / Committee(s) of Directors, appointment, retirement, and reappointment of Directors including 
the Managing Director and Whole-time Directors;
k) Payment of remuneration to Directors including the Managing Director and Whole-time Directors,
l) Appointment and remuneration of Auditors and Cost Auditors;
m) Transfers and transmissions of the Company’s shares and issue and dispatch of duplicate certificates of shares/Entitlement Letter;
n) Declaration and payment of dividends; 
o) Transfer of certain amounts as required under the Act to the Investor Education and Protection Fund and uploading of details of unpaid 
and unclaimed dividends on the websites of the Company and the Ministry of Corporate Affairs;
p) Borrowings and registration, modification and satisfaction of charges wherever applicable; investment of the Company’s funds including 
investments and loans to others;
q) Form of balance sheet as prescribed under Part I, form of statement of profit and loss as prescribed under Part II and General Instructions 
for preparation of the same as prescribed in Schedule III to the Act; Directors’ report;
r) Contracts, common seal, registered office, and publication of name of the Company; and
[page 52]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
85Annual Report 2024-25
s) G enerally, all other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules made under the Act.
We further report that:
-
 The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and 
Independent Directors. There were some changes in the composition of the Board of Directors & its committees that took place during 
the period under review which are in compliance with the provision of the Act and Regulations.
- Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven 
days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
-
 Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views are captured and recorded as part of the minutes, wherever 
applicable.
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules made 
under that Act, with regard to maintenance of minimum public shareholding.
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 and the Byelaws framed thereunder by 
the Depositories with regard to dematerialization/rematerialisation of securities and reconciliation of records of dematerialized securities 
with all securities issued by the Company.
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the FEMA, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made under that 
Act to the extent applicable.
We further report that:
a.
  the Company has complied with the requirements under the Equity Listing Agreements entered with BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited;
b. the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 including the provisions with regard to disclosures and maintenance of records required under the said 
Regulations;                                                            
c. the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 including the provisions with regard to disclosures and maintenance of records required under the said Regulations;                                                                                                              
We further report that during the audit period there were following specific events/actions having a major bearing on Company’s affairs in 
pursuance of the above-referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc. :-
 Dur ing the period under review, the Company has considered and paid the final Dividend of 50% i.e. Rs. 1 per Equity Share for the 
Financial Year 2023-2024, and it was duly approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 28th September, 2024.
 Dur ing the period under review, the Company has allotted 9,64,600 equity shares of the face value of Rs.2/- each, at a price of Rs.450/- 
per equity share to the persons belonging to the promoter group against conversion of warrants.
 Dur ing the period under review, the Company has appointed M/s Sanjeev Anand & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
No-007171C) as the statutory Auditor of the Company.
For, RAVI S SHARMA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Firm Reg. No-I2008DE626400
Place: New Delhi
Date :22.05.2025
Ravi. S. Sharma
M. No. - F7336
COP No-8007
 UDIN: F007336G000389113
[page 53]
Goodluck India Limited86
[Form No, MR-3]
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
(FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31.03.2025)
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members of,
Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited,
II-F, 167, Nehru Nagar,
Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh -201001.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the Compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited (CIN: U24103UP2023PLC188289) (hereinafter called the Company). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon. 
Based on our verification of the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company 
and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial 
audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 
2025 (‘Audit Period’),complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and 
compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms, and returns filed and other records maintained by Goodluck Defence and 
Aerospace Limited (“The Company”) for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
I. 
 The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder;
II.  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder; NA
III.  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
IV.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent applicable. Further, there 
were no compliances required relating to Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings 
during the period under review;                                                                                                                                                
V.  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): - (Not 
applicable to the Company as it is Unlisted Public Company) 
m. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
n. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and   Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
o. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
p. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure   Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
q. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018
r. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client;
s. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; -
t. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; - 
u. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; - 
v. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2021; - 
w. the Company has complied with the requirements under the Listing Agreements entered with BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited; and
[page 54]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
87Annual Report 2024-25
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
iii) Secretarial Standards with regard to Meeting of Board of Directors (SS-1), General Meetings (SS-2) and Dividend (SS-3) issued by 
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. However, the stricter applicability of the Secretarial Standard is to be observed by the 
Company.   
iv) The Listing Agreements entered by the Company with the BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Limited: - Not applicable to 
the Company During the period under review and as per representation and clarifications provided by the management, I confirm that 
the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned above.
We further report that the Company has, in my opinion, complied with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made 
under that Act and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, with regard to:
t)
 Maintenance of various statutory registers and documents and making necessary entries therein;
u) Closure of the Register of Members.
v) Forms, returns, documents and resolutions required to be filed with the Registrar of Companies and the Central Government;
w) Service of documents by the Company on its Members, Auditors and the Registrar of Companies;
x) Notice of Board meetings and Committee meetings of Directors;
y) The meetings of Directors and Committees of Directors including passing of resolutions by circulation;
z) Minutes of proceedings of General Meetings and of the Board and its Committee meetings;
aa) Approvals of the Members, the Board of Directors, the Committees of Directors, and the government authorities, wherever required;
bb) Constitution of the Board of Directors / Committee(s) of Directors, appointment, retirement, and reappointment of Directors including 
the Managing Director and Whole-time Directors;
cc) Payment of remuneration to Directors including the Managing Director and Whole-time Directors,
dd) Appointment and remuneration of Auditors;
ee) Transfers and transmissions of the Company’s shares and issue and dispatch of duplicate certificates of shares;
ff ) Declaration and payment of dividends; There were no compliance required during the period under review. 
gg) Transfer of certain amounts as required under the Act to the Investor Education and Protection Fund and uploading of details of unpaid 
and unclaimed dividends on the websites of the Company and the Ministry of Corporate Affairs; There were no compliance required 
during the period under review. 
hh) Borrowings and registration, modification, and satisfaction of charges wherever applicable; investment of the Company’s funds 
including investments and loans to others;
ii) Form of balance sheet as prescribed under Part I, form of statement of profit and loss as prescribed under Part II and General Instructions 
for preparation of the same as prescribed in Schedule III to the Act; Directors’ report;
jj) Contracts, common seal, registered office, and publication of name of the Company; and
kk) Generally, all other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules made under the Act.
We further report that:
- The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and 
Independent Directors. There were some changes in the composition of the Board of Directors took place during the period under 
review.
- Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven 
days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
[page 55]
Goodluck India Limited88
- M ajority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views are captured and recorded as part of the minutes.
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules 
made under that Act, with regard to maintenance of minimum public shareholding. (Not applicable to the Company as it is Unlisted Public 
Company) 
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 and the Byelaws framed thereunder by 
the Depositories with regard to dematerialization/rematerialisation of securities and reconciliation of records of dematerialized securities 
with all securities issued by the Company.
We further report that the Company has complied with the provisions of the FEMA, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made under that 
Act to the extent applicable. During the period under review, Not applicable to the Company
We further report that:
a.
 the Company has complied with the requirements under the Equity Listing Agreements entered with BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited; (Not applicable to the Company as it is Unlisted Public Company)
b. the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 including the provisions with regard to disclosures and maintenance of records required under the said 
Regulations; (Not applicable to the Company as it is Unlisted Public Company).                                                        
c) the Company has complied with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 including the provisions with regard to disclosures and maintenance of records required under the said Regulations; During the 
period under review, Not applicable to the Company.                                                                                                          
We further report that during the audit period there were following specific events/actions having a major bearing on Company’s affairs in 
pursuance of the above-referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc.  :-
 Dur ing the period under review, the Board of Directors of the Company has purposed the amendment in object clause of the MOA of 
the Company and the Company in its First AGM held on 21st September, 2024 has altered the Part-B of the object clause of the MOA.
 Dur ing the period under review Ms. Jyoti Sachdeva, Company Secretary of the Company, resigned from the post of Company Secretary 
w.e.f 22nd February, 2025. 
 M r. Jagdish Pratap, a Qualified Company Secretary appointed as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f 1st March, 2025.
 Dur ing the period under review, Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg and Mr. Ramesh Chandra Garg, has been appointed as the Whole Time 
Directors of the Company w.e.f 03.10.2024.
For, RAVI S SHARMA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Firm Reg. No-I2008DE626400
Place: New Delhi
Date :22.05.2025
Ravi. S. Sharma
M. No. - F7336
COP No-8007
 UDIN: F007336g000409056
[page 56]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
89Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE- C
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in `)
Sl. 
No. Particulars Details
1.
Name of the subsidiary
GLS 
Engineering 
India Limited
GLS Metallics 
India Limited
GLS Steel 
India Limited
Goodluck 
Infrapower 
Private Limited
Goodluck 
Defence & 
Aerospace 
Limited
2. Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different from the 
holding company’s reporting period
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
3. Reporting currency and Exchange 
rate as on the last date of the 
relevant Financial year in the case of 
foreign subsidiaries
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
4. Share capital (Rs.) 100,000 100,000 100,000 500,000 49,11,00,000
5. Reserves & surplus (Rs.) (1,85,642) (1,93,847) (1,83,743) 97,75,889.00 124,91,50,521
6. Total assets (Rs.) 2,02,558.00 1,91,653.00 2,01,557.00 1,04,05,163.00 3,26,25,74,850
7. Total Liabilities (Rs.) 2,88,200.00 2,85,500.00 2,85,300.00 1,29,273.00 1522324331
8. Investments (Rs.) NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
9. Turnover (Rs.) NIL NIL NIL 7,74,310 6,98,50,452
10. Profit before taxation (Rs.) (22,754.00) (19,658.00) (19,716.00) 7,34,685.00 5,25,46,369
11. Provision for taxation (Rs.) NIL NIL NIL 1,92,122.00 13758252.00 
12. Profit after taxation (Rs.) (22,754.00) (19,658.00) (19,716.00) 5,42,562.00 3,87,88,117
13. Proposed Dividend (Rs.) NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
14. % of shareholding 100% 100% 100% 100% 79.43%
Notes: 
A.   Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: GLS Engineering India Limited, GLS Metallics India Limited, GLS Steel India 
Limited, Goodluck Infrapower Private Limited and Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited.
B.   Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: NIL
C.
 Part “B” of Form AOC-1 relates to detail of Associates and Joint Ventures is not been incorporated as there is no associates and joint 
Ventures of the Company.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Goodluck India Limited
 (M. C. GARG)
Chairman
DIN: 00292437
(R. C. GARG)
Director
DIN: 00298129
Place: Ghaziabad
Date: 29.08.2025
(ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)
Company Secretary
 (SANJAY BANSAL)
C.F.O.
[page 57]
Goodluck India Limited90
ANNEXURE- D
FORM NO. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub section (1) 
of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transaction under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis.
SL. 
No.
Particulars Details
a) Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship N.A.
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction N.A.
c) Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction N.A.
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction including the value, if any N.A.
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions’ N.A.
f) Date of approval by the Board N.A.
g) Amount paid as advances, if any N.A.
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting as required under first proviso to 
section 188
N.A.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis.
Name (s) of the 
related party 
& nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transaction
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transaction
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or transaction 
including the 
value, if any
Date of approval 
by the Board
Amount paid as 
advances, if any
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
The company has not entered into any related party contract or arrangement or transaction which is material. “Material Related Party 
Transactions” means a contract or arrangement or transaction as defined as material in Listing Regulations or any other law or regulation 
including any amendment or modification thereof, as may be applicable.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Date: 29.08.2025                    
Place: Ghaziabad
M. C. GARG 
Chairman
[page 58]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
91Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE- E
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2024-2025
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company.
 The policy encompasses the company’s philosophy for delineating its responsibility as a corporate citizen and lays down the guidelines 
and mechanism for undertaking socially useful programmes for welfare & sustainable development of the community at large, is 
titled as the ‘CSR Policy - 2015’ . This Policy shall be read in line with Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013, Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and such other rules, regulations, circulars, and notifications (collectively referred hereinafter 
as ‘Regulations’) as may be applicable and as amended from time to time. The CSR policy – 2015 of Goodluck will supersede all the 
earlier policies relating to CSR. The main objective of Goodluck CSR policy is to lay down guidelines for the company to make CSR a 
key business process for sustainable development for the society. Goodluck will act as a good Corporate Citizen, subscribing to the 
principles of global compact for implementation. The detailed CSR Policy may be accessed on the Company’s website at the weblink: 
https://www.goodluckindia.com.
2.
 Composition of CSR Committee:
SI. 
NO. Name of Director Designation/Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1. Mrs. Rajni Abbi Non-Executive Independent 
Director – Chairperson
2 2
2. Mr. Nitin Garg Whole Time Director 2 2
3. Mr. R. C. Garg Whole Time Director 2 1
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are Disclosed on the 
website of the company:
 https://www.goodluckindia.com/corporate-governance.php
4. Provide the detail of Impact assessment of CSR projects Carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report): 
 Not Applicable
5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance Of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) 
Rules, 2014 and amount Required for set off for the financial year, if any
S.NO. Financial Y ear Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial year (in Rs lakhs)
Amount required to be set-off for the 
financial year, if any (in Rs lakhs)
1 2024-25 10.73 10.73
TOTAL 10.73 10.73
6.
 Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) : ` 14061.49 Lakhs
7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) : ` 281.23 Lakhs
 (b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial year : 10.73
 (c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, If any : ` 10.73 lakhs
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c) : ` 281.23 Lakhs
[page 59]
Goodluck India Limited92
8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year.
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Y ear (`)
Amount Unspent (in `)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the 
Fund 
Amount Date of transfer
291.19 lakhs  Not Applicable
(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year. : Not Applicable
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
SI. 
NO.
Name 
of the 
Project.
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in sched-
ule VII to 
the Act.
Local 
area 
(yes/
No.)
Location of the project
Project 
dura-
tion. 
Amount 
allo-
cated 
for the 
project 
(` In 
Lakhs)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
current 
finan-
cial year 
(` In 
Lakhs)
Amount 
trans-
ferred to 
Unspent 
CSR Ac-
count for 
the project 
as per Sec-
tion 135(6) 
(in `)
Mode of 
Imple-
mentation 
Direct  
(yes/No.)
Mode of Implementa-
tion  Through Imple-
menting Agency
State. District. Name. 
CSR Reg-
istration 
number
1.
Adopt A 
Heri-
tage/
Adopt A 
Village
 (iv)  No  Uttarakhand  Rudraprayag NA 75.00 75.00 Nil No
Socio 
Legal 
Research 
and Edu-
cational 
Founda-
tion
CSR00023792
TOTAL 75.00 75.00 Nil
(c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
SI. 
NO. Name of the Activities
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
schedule VII 
to the Act.
Local area 
(yes/No) Location of the project
Amount 
spent for the 
project  
(` in Lakhs)
Mode of 
Implementation 
Direct (yes/No.)
Mode of 
Implementation  
Through 
Implementing 
Agency
State District
1 Animal welfare Item no. (iv) yes Uttar Pradesh Ghaziabad 45.58 Yes NA NA
2
Promoting Healthcare including 
preventive healthcare
Item no. (i) yes
Uttar Pradesh 
& Gujarat
Ghaziabad, 
Mathura & , 
kutchch
90.31 Yes NA NA
3 Promoting Education Item no. (ii) yes
Gujarat and 
Uttar Pradesh
Kutchch & 
Ghaziabad
12.14 Yes NA NA
4
Eradicating hunger, poverty and 
malnutrition
Item no. (i) yes
Uttar Pradesh 
& Gujarat
 Ghaziabad, 
Bulandshahr 
& Kutchch
15.37 Yes NA NA
[page 60]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
93Annual Report 2024-25
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
SI. 
NO. Name of the Activities
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
schedule VII 
to the Act.
Local area 
(yes/No) Location of the project
Amount 
spent for the 
project  
(` in Lakhs)
Mode of 
Implementation 
Direct (yes/No.)
Mode of 
Implementation  
Through 
Implementing 
Agency
State District
5
Conservation of natural 
resources
Item no. (iv) yes Uttar Pradesh Bulandshahr 7.38 Yes NA NA
6 safe drinking water Item No. (i) Yes Gujarat Kutchch 0.59 Yes NA NA
7
Measures for reducing 
inequalities
Item No. (iii) Yes
Uttar Pradesh 
& Gujarat
Bulandshahr 
& Kutchch
44.82 Yes NA NA
TOTAL 216.19
(d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: NIL
(e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NIL
(f ) Total Amount spent for the Financial year(8b+8c+8d+8e):  291.19 lakhs
(g) Excess amount for set off, if any 
SI. 
No. Particular Amount (` in lakhs)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 281.23
(ii) Total amount spent for the financial year 291.19
(iii) Amount required to be set off for the financial year 10.73*
(iv) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)+(iii)-(i)] 20.69*
(v) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial year, if 
any
NIL
(vi) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 20.69
*Note: Amount available for set-off from preceding financial year is `10.73 Lakhs, has been set off against the mandatory 
CSR obligation of ` 281.23 Lakhs for the FY 24-25. Accordingly, the excess amount available for set-off is ` 20.69 Lakhs  
(` 281.23 Lakhs – (` 291.19 Lakhs + `10.73Lakhs)) during the Financial Year 2024- 25, which is required to be adjusted with the immediate 
succeeding financial years.
9.
 (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Not Applicable
SI. 
NO.
Preceding 
Financial Y ear
Amount  transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account 
under section 136 (6)(in `)
Amount spent 
in the reporting 
Financial Y ear (in `)
Amount  transferred to any 
fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per section 135(6), if any.
Amount remaining 
to be spent in 
succeeding financial 
year. (in `)
Name of 
the fund
Amount 
(in Rs.)
Date of 
transfer
1.
Total
[page 61]
Goodluck India Limited94
(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year: Not Applicable
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
SI. NO. Project 
ID.
Name 
of the 
Project.
Financial Y ear 
in which the 
project was 
commenced
Project 
duration 
Total 
amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in `)
Amount 
spent on 
the project 
in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Y ear (in `)
Cumulative 
amount 
spent at 
the end of 
reporting 
Financial 
year (in `)
Status of 
the project - 
Completed/
ongoing.
1.         
 TOTAL        
10.
 In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the 
financial year (asset-wise details). :  Not Applicable
(a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s).
(b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset.
(c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered their address etc.
(d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset.)
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5).  :  Not Applicable
 A responsibility statement of the CSR Committee: The Committee confirms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy, is in 
compliance with CSR objectives and Policy of the Company.
Date: 29.08.2025                    
Place: Ghaziabad
M C Garg
Director
Rajni Abbi
Chairperson CSR Committee
[page 62]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
95Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE- F
DETAILS PERTAINING TO REMUNERATION AS REQUIRED INFORMATION UNDER SECTION 197(14) & SECTION 197(12) RULE 5 
(1) (2) & (3) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT & REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
1. The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the 
median remuneration of the employees of the company 
for the financial year 
1.
2.
3.
4.
Mr.  M.C Garg (Whole- Time Director): 103.48:1
Mr.  R.C Garg  (Whole- Time Director): 99.70:1
Mr.  Nitin Garg (whole Time Director): 82.27:1
Mr. Shambhu Nath Singh (Executive Director): 6.15:1
2. Percentage increase in remuneration of each director, 
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary or Manager in the financial year
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
Mr. M.C Garg  (Whole- Time Director): 30%
Mr. R.C Garg (Whole- Time Director): 32%
Mr. Nitin Garg (Whole Time Director): 32%
Mr. Shambhu Nath Singh (Executive Director):- 25%
Mr. Sanjay Bansal (C.F.O.) : 10%
Mr. Abhishek Agrawal  (C.S): 16%
3. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of 
employees in the financial year
8%
4. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of 
company
2927
*
5. Average percentage increase already made in the salaries 
of employees other than the managerial personnel 
in the last financial year and its comparison with the 
percentage increase in the managerial remuneration 
and Justification thereof and point out if there are any 
exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial 
Remuneration.
During the previous year 2024-25, Average percentage increase in the 
salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year is 5% in comparison of 31% increase in the managerial 
remuneration. Explanation: Remuneration of both employees & 
Managerial Personnel are based on Companies as well as Individual 
performance. Further, the increase in managerial remuneration is 
to bring their managerial remuneration in commensurate to their 
experience, knowledge and industry standard.
6. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the 
remuneration policy of the company
It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the 
Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other 
Employees.
7. Statement of particulars of employees under section 
197(12).
The statement containing names of top ten employees in terms of 
remuneration drawn and the particulars of employees as required 
under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate annexure forming part of this 
report. Further, the report and the accounts are being sent to the 
Members excluding the aforesaid annexure. 
In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open for 
inspection and any Member interested in obtaining a copy of 
the same may write to the Company Secretary.
[page 63]
Goodluck India Limited96
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
MANAGEMENT’S PERSPECTIVE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In Goodluck India Limited, Corporate Governance is an integral element in improving efficiency and growth as well as investor confidence. 
The Company believes that strong governance standards, focusing on fairness, transparency, accountability and responsibility are vital, not 
only for the healthy and vibrant corporate sector growth, but also for inclusive growth of the economy. The Company has always focused 
on good Corporate Governance, which is a key driver of sustainable corporate growth and long term value creation for its stakeholders.  
The Company always endeavors to leverage its human and capital resources to translate opportunities into reality, create awareness of 
corporate vision and spark dynamism and entrepreneurship at all levels. 
The Company is in compliance with the principles of Corporate Governance as prescribed by SEBI in regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule 
V and regulation 46 of SEBI of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as “Listing 
Regulations”). The Directors fully endorse and support the essentials of Corporate Governance and accordingly herein below gives a report 
on Corporate Governance.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company has a very balanced and diverse Board of Directors, which primarily takes care of the business needs and stakeholders’ 
interest.  The Board is at the core of our corporate governance practice and oversees and ensures that the Management serves and protects 
the long-term interest of all our stakeholders. The Board comprises persons of eminence with excellent professional achievements in their 
respective fields. The Non-executive Independent Directors on the Board are experienced, competent and highly renowned persons from 
the fields of finance & taxation, economics, law, governance etc. They take active part at the Board and Committee Meetings by providing 
valuable guidance to the Management on various aspects of business, policy direction, governance, compliance etc. and play critical role 
on strategic issues, which enhances the transparency and add value in the decision making process of the Board of Directors.
The composition of the Board complies with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations as well as the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
As on March 31, 2025, the Company has Eight Directors on its Board of which 4 Directors are Independent Directors including two woman 
director which was equivalent to  50 % of the total number of Directors. At present the number of Non- Executive Directors (NEDs) is 50% 
of the total number of Directors. The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with 
Section 149 of the Act. 
None of the Directors on the Board hold directorships in more than ten public companies. Further none of them is a member of more than 
ten committees or chairman of more than five committees across all the companies in which he is a Director. The necessary disclosures 
regarding Committee positions have been made by the Directors.
The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their attendance at Board Meetings during the year and at the last Annual General 
Meeting, as also the number of Directorships and Committee Memberships held by them in other companies as on 31st March, 2025 are 
given below:
Name 
of the 
Director
Category No. of Board 
Meetings attended
Attendance 
at last AGM 
(Y es/No)
Relationships 
between 
Directors 
inter-se
No. of 
Directorships 
in other public 
Limited Cos. 
Name of the listed 
entity where the person 
is a director and the 
category of Directorship
No. of Chairmanship /
Memberships of Committees 
in other Public Ltd. Cos. 
Held Attended Chairmanship Membership
Mr. M.C. Garg Promoter, 
Executive 
Chairman
7 7 Yes Brother of Mr. R. 
C. Garg
4 0 0 2
Mr. R. C. Garg Executive 
Director
7 6 Yes Brother of Mr. M. 
C. Garg
4 0 0 1
Mr. Nitin 
Garg
Executive 
Director
7 6 Yes Not Applicable 3 0 - -
Mr. 
Shambhu 
Nath Singh
Executive 
Director
7 7 No Not Applicable 0 0 - -
Mr. Rajiv 
Goel
Independent, 
Non-
Executive 
Director
7 7 Yes Not Applicable 1 0 - -
[page 64]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
97Annual Report 2024-25
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Name 
of the 
Director
Category No. of Board 
Meetings attended
Attendance 
at last AGM 
(Y es/No)
Relationships 
between 
Directors 
inter-se
No. of 
Directorships 
in other public 
Limited Cos. 
Name of the listed 
entity where the person 
is a director and the 
category of Directorship
No. of Chairmanship /
Memberships of Committees 
in other Public Ltd. Cos. 
Held Attended Chairmanship Membership
Mrs. Rajni 
Abbi
Independent, 
Non-
Executive 
Director 
(woman)
7 7 Yes Not Applicable 1 0 - -
Mrs. Charu 
Jindal
Independent, 
Non-
Executive 
Director 
(woman)
7 7 No Not Applicable 1 0 0 1
Mr. Madhur 
Gupta
Independent, 
Non-
Executive 
Director
7 6 No Not Applicable 1 0 2 0
Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Non- Executive Directors are given below:
Name Category Number of equity shares
Mr. Rajiv Goel Independent, Non-Executive 0
Mr. Rajni Abbi Independent, Non-Executive (woman) 0
Mr. Madhur Gupta Independent, Non-Executive (woman) 0
Mrs. Charu Jindal                        Independent, Non-Executive (woman) 0
NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
Seven Board meetings were held during the year, as against the minimum requirement of four meetings.
Notes: -
1.
 During the Financial Year 2024-25, Seven Board Meetings were held and the gap between two meetings did not exceed four months. 
The Board Meetings were held on 28th May 2024, 17th June  2024, 29th July 2024, 02nd September, 2024, 11th November, 2024,  06th  
February, 2025 and 29th March 2025. 
2. In accordance with the provisions of the Listing Regulation, Membership/chairmanship of only, Audit Committee and Shareholders’/
Investors’ Grievance Committee have been considered.
3. During the year 2024-25, information as mentioned in Schedule II Part A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, has been placed before the 
Board for its consideration.
[page 65]
Goodluck India Limited98
4. T he Board periodically reviews compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company. Steps are taken by the Company to rectify 
instances of non-compliance, if any.
5. The details of the familiarisation programme of the Independent Directors are available on the website of the Company (http://www.
goodluckindia.com).
CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company has framed Code of Conduct which is applicable to all Directors and members of Senior Management. Pursuant to this 
Code all the Directors & Senior Management have affirmed compliance with this Code for the year ended March 31, 2025. A declaration of 
compliance of this Code signed by Chairman is annexed to this report.
SKILL/EXPERTISE/COMPETENCIES
The Board has identified the names of the Directors who have following skills/expertise/ competencies fundamental for the effective 
functioning of the Company which are currently available with the Board. Further, in the opinion of the Board the independent directors 
fulfill the conditions specified in these regulations and are independent of the management.
Sr. 
No.
Skill/Expertise/ 
Competencies
Mahesh 
Chandra 
Garg
Ramesh 
Chandra 
Garg
Nitin 
Garg
Shambhu 
Nath 
Singh
Rajiv 
Goel
Rajni 
Abbi
Madhur 
Gupta
Charu 
Jindal
1. Global Business
Understanding of 
global business 
dynamics, across various 
geographical markets
  - -  -  -
industry verticals and 
regulatory jurisdictions.        
2. Strategy and Planning
Appreciation of long-
term trends        -
Strategic choices 
and experience in 
guiding and leading 
management teams 
to make decisions in 
uncertain environments.
       
3. Understanding of industry and operations
Experience and 
knowledge of the 
functioning
       
operations        
growth drivers        -
business environment 
and changing trends in 
the metals
     -  -
manufacturing and 
engineering industries 
as well as experience in 
overseeing large supply 
chain operations
     -  -
4. Understanding of finance and related aspects
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 66]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
99Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. 
No.
Skill/Expertise/ 
Competencies
Mahesh 
Chandra 
Garg
Ramesh 
Chandra 
Garg
Nitin 
Garg
Shambhu 
Nath 
Singh
Rajiv 
Goel
Rajni 
Abbi
Madhur 
Gupta
Charu 
Jindal
 Experience in financial 
management of large 
corporations with 
understanding of capital  
allocation & funding 
and financial reporting 
processes
 
- -  -  -
5. Knowledge of Governance and Law
 Experience in developing 
governance practices        
 serving the best interests 
of all stakeholders       
 maintaining board 
and management 
accountability
       
 building long-term 
effective stakeholder 
engagements and 
driving corporate ethics 
and values.
       
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
To focus effectively on the issues and ensure expedient resolution of diverse matters, the Board has constituted/Reconstituted a set of 
Committees with specific terms of reference / scope: Audit Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility, Nomination cum Remuneration 
Committee & Stakeholder Relationship Committee. The terms of reference of the Committee(s) detailing their scope of work are determined 
by the Board from time to time. The Board periodically reviews the minutes of the meetings of all Committees. Composition, terms of 
reference, number of meetings and related attendance etc., of these committees are detailed herein.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the company has been dealing with matters prescribed by the Board of Directors on a case to case basis. In general, 
the primary role/objective of the Audit Committee is to review the financial statements of the Company, strengthen internal controls & look 
into all transactions having monetary implications on the functioning of the Company. The audit committee of the Company is constituted 
in line with the provisions of Regulation 18 of SEBI Listing Regulations, read with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013.
As on March 31, 2025, the Committee has three Directors. Out of that two Directors are Non-Executive and Independent Directors in 
accordance with the prescribed guidelines. Mr. Madhur Gupta, is the Chairman of the Committee. The other members are Mr. M. C. Garg 
and Mrs. Charu Jindal. The members of the Committee have adequate knowledge in the field of finance, accounting, and law. The Scope 
of the functioning of the Audit Committee is to review, from time to time, the internal control procedures, the accounting policies of the 
Company and such other functions, as may be recommended from time to time by SEBI, Stock Exchanges and/or under the Companies 
Act, 2013, which inter-alia include review of:
1.  Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
2.  Statement of significant related party transactions submitted by the management;
3.  Management letters/letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
4. Internal Audit Reports relating to internal control weaknesses; 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 67]
Goodluck India Limited100
5. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Statutory Auditor and Chief Internal Auditor; and
6.  Statement of Deviation, if any.
The CFO of the Company is permanent invitees to the meetings of the Committee. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the 
Committee. During the year, 7 (Seven) meetings of the Audit Committee were held on 13th May, 2024, 28th May, 2024, 29th July 2024,  
02nd September 2024, 11th November, 2024, 06th February, 2025 and 29th March 2025,  due compliance with the stipulated provisions. 
The attendance record of members of the Audit Committee is given as under:
S. No. Name of the Member Category Member/Chairman Meeting Attended
1. Mr. Madhur Gupta Independent director Chairman 7
2. Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg Executive Director Member 7
3. Mrs. Charu Jindal    Independent Director Member 7
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
Pursuant to section 135 of the Act and rules made thereunder the Board has constituted Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. The 
CSR Committee has prepared a transparent monitoring mechanism for ensuring implementation of the projects / programs / activities 
proposed to be undertaken by the Company.
The CSR Committee has the authority to obtain professional advice from external sources and have full access to information contained in 
the records of the Company as well as the powers to call any employee / external consultant or such other person(s) and for such purpose 
as may be deemed expedient for the purpose of accomplishments of overall CSR objectives laid down under the Act.
The CSR Committee will review the CSR activities of the Company and will provide progress update to the Board of Directors. The 
Composition of the Committee and other details has been given under related annexure to the Directors report.
During the year, 2 (Two) meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee meetings was held on 28th May, 2024 and 29th March, 
2025 . The composition of the Committee and the detail about the meetings of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee are as follows:
S. No. Name of the Member Category Member/Chairman Meeting Attended
1. Mrs. Rajni Abbi                     Independent director     Chairman 2
2. Mr. Ramesh Chandra Garg   Executive Director               Member  1
3. Mr. Nitin Garg                         Executive Director          Member 2
NOMINATION CUM REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The nomination and remuneration committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, read with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. The role of the Committee, inter alia, is following: 
a) To formulate criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director. 
b)  Formulate criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board. 
c)  Identify persons who ar e qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down in this policy. 
d)  To carry out evaluation of every Director’s performance.
e)  To recommend to the Board the appointment and removal of Directors and Senior Management.
f ) To recommend to the Board policy relating to remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management. 
g) Ensure that level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient, relationship of remuneration to performance is clear 
and meets appropriate performance benchmarks. 
h) To devise a policy on Board diversity. 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 68]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
101Annual Report 2024-25
S. No. Name of the Member Category Member/Chairman Meeting Attended
1. Mrs. Rajni Abbi Independent director Chairman 3
2. Mr. Rajiv Goel Independent director Member 3
3. Mr. Madhur Gupta Independent director Member 3
4. Mr. M C Garg Executive Director Member 3
5. Mrs. Charu Jindal Independent Director Member 3
During the year, 3 (Three) meetings of the nomination cum remuneration committee meetings were held on 28th May, 2024, 02nd 
September, 2024, and 29th March, 2025.
Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent Directors:
The performance evaluation criteria for independent directors are determined by the Nomination and Remuneration committee. An 
indicative list of factors that may be evaluated include participation and contribution by a director, commitment, effective deployment 
of knowledge and expertise, effective management of relationship with stakeholders, integrity and maintenance of confidentiality and 
independence of behaviour and judgment.
Remuneration to the Whole Time Directors, Non-Executive Directors/ Independent Directors:
The shareholders of the Company have approved the appointment of Mr. M. C. Garg as Chairman & Whole Time Director and Mr. R. C. Garg 
and Mr. Nitin Garg as the Whole Time Directors of the Company. The terms and conditions of their appointment including remuneration 
payable to him was approved in accordance with the provisions of Section 197, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactments thereof, for the time being in force). The details of the Remuneration paid the Whole Time 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors/ Independent Directors is given below: 
i)
 To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and / or enforced by any statutory notification, 
amendment or modification, as may be applicable. 
j) To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties. 
 The detail about Remuneration Policy and remuneration paid to all the directors has already been described in relevant section of the 
main report. The composition of the Committee and the detail about the meetings of Nomination Cum Remuneration Committee are 
as follows:
(Amt. in `)
SN. Particulars of Remuneration
Name of MD/WTD/ Manager (p.a.)
Total Amount
M.C. Garg R.C. Garg Nitin Garg
 1. Gross salary
(a)    Salary as per provisions contained in section 
17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 1,12,80,000 1,12,80,000 76,80,000 3,02,40,000
(b)    Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 
1961 39,600 39,600 39,600 1,18,800
(c)    Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) 
Income- tax Act, 1961 - - - -
2. Stock Option N.A N.A N.A. N.A
3. Sweat Equity N.A N.A N.A. N.A
4. Commission
- as % of profit
- others, specify…
N.A N.A N.A. N.A
5. Others, (Incentive) 1,60,00,000 1,50,00,000 1,40,00,000 4,50,00,000
 Total (A) 2,73,19,600 2,63,19,600 2,17,19,600 7,53,58,800
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 69]
Goodluck India Limited102
Remuneration to other directors
SN. Particulars of 
Remuneration
Total Amount
1 Independent Directors Rajiv Goel Rajni Abbi Charu Jindal Madhur Gupta   
Fee for attending board/ 
committee meetings
3,10,000 3,10,000 2,76,000 2,30,000 11,26,000
Commission N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
Others, please specify N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
Total (1) 3,10,000 3,10,000 2,76,000 2,30,000 11,26,000
2 Other Non-Executive Directors N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Fee for attending board 
committee meetings
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Commission N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Others, please specify N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 Total (2) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 Total (B)=(1+2) 3,10,000 3,10,000 2,76,000 2,30,000 11,26,000
 Total Managerial 
Remuneration
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company did not have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with Non-Executive 
Directors apart from paying Sitting fees. Further, the Directors have not entered into any contracts with the Company or its subsidiaries, 
which will be in potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. The Company does not have any stock options plan. Accordingly, 
none our Directors hold stock options as on March 31, 2025. None of the Executive Directors are eligible for payment of any severance fees.
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The Board has constituted the Stakeholders Relationship Committee during the year keeping in line with the statutory requirement.  The 
Committee specifically look into the redressal of shareholders’ complaints including complaints related to transfer of shares, non-receipt of 
annual reports and non-receipt of declared dividends. The Shareholders’/Investors’ Grievance Committee consists of the following directors:
S. No. Name of the Member Category Member/Chairman Meeting Attended
1. Mr. Rajiv Goel 3 Independent director     Chairman 5
2. Mr. M C Garg Executive Director               Member  5
3. Mr. R C Garg Executive Director          Member 5
Note :- 
1. During the year, 5(Five) meetings of the Stakeholder and Relationship Committee meetings were held on 29th April, 2024, 01st July 
2024, 3rd August, 2024, 26th October, 2024 and 29th March,2025.
2. Mr. Rajiv Goel was appointed as a Member and Chairperson of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee effective 01st April 2024.
3. Mr. Abhishek Agrawal, Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee who is also the Compliance Officer.
The terms of reference of the Committee include the following:
 T o specifically look into complaints received from the shareholders of the Company.
  T o oversee the performance of the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company.
 T o recommend measurements for overall improvement in the quality of Investors Relation services.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 70]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
103Annual Report 2024-25
No. of Complaints received during the year : 03
No. of Complaints not resolved to the satisfaction of Shareholders : Nil
No. of Pending Complaints : Nil
No. of Pending share transfer as on 31.03.2024 : Nil
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee (“the Committee”) in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 21 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”). The Committee is 
entrusted with the responsibility of monitoring and reviewing the risk management framework of the Company to ensure that strategic, 
operational, financial, and compliance risks are identified, assessed, and mitigated effectively.
Key Responsibilities:
 T o review and approve the Company’s Risk Management Policy and framework.
 T o monitor implementation of risk mitigation plans and business continuity measures.
 T o ensure that key risks are identified promptly and appropriate controls are in place.
 T o review cyber security, information technology, and operational risks periodically.
 T o report to the Board on significant risk exposures and mitigation actions.
Composition and Meetings:
The Committee comprises a majority of Independent Directors along with senior executives of the Company, as required under SEBI LODR. 
During the financial year 2024-25, the Committee met two times, and the attendance of each member is as follows:
Details pertaining to the numbers of complaints received and resolved and the status thereof during the financial year ended 31st March 
2024 are given as follows:
Detail of complaints received/resolved during the year
S. No. Name of the Member Category Member/Chairman Meeting Attended
1. Mr. M C Garg Executive Director Chairman 2
2. Mr. R C Garg Executive Director Member 2
3. Mr. Madhur Gupta Independent Director Member 2
4. Mr. Sanjay Bansal Chief Financial Officer Member 2
5. Mr. Shambhu Nath Singh Executive Director Member 2
Focus Areas during the Y ear:
 R eview of enterprise-wide risk register and prioritization of key risks.
 A ssessment of regulatory compliance risk in view of evolving SEBI and RBI guidelines.
 E valuation of credit, liquidity, and foreign exchange exposure risks.
 Str engthening internal controls over information security and data protection.
 C ontinuous monitoring of operational risks impacting supply chain and business continuity.
The Committee regularly updates the Board of Directors on its deliberations and recommendations. The Board affirms that the Company 
has an adequate risk management framework in place to identify, assess, and mitigate various risks, ensuring long-term sustainability and 
stakeholder value creation.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Goodluck India’s Senior Management team comprises experienced professionals who provide strategic direction and ensure operational 
excellence across all functions. The team is responsible for implementing the vision and policies set by the Board of Directors, driving 
business growth, maintaining high standards of compliance, and safeguarding stakeholder interests.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 71]
Goodluck India Limited104
Roles and Responsibilities:
 A ssisting the Board in formulating and implementing strategic plans.
 Ensur ing adherence to applicable laws, regulations, and internal policies.
 M anaging operations, financial performance, and resource allocation.
 Identifying business opportunities, risks, and mitigation measures.
 Upholding the Company’s values, ethical standards, and culture of transparency.
Disclosures:
 None of the S enior Management personnel have any material financial or commercial transaction with the Company which could 
potentially conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
 D etails of the remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and other Senior Management personnel are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report forming part of this Annual Report.
 T he Company has laid down a Code of Conduct for Senior Management and Key Managerial Personnel, which has been affirmed by all 
concerned.
Key Focus during the Y ear:
 Str engthening corporate governance and risk management practices.
 Enhancing operational efficiency and cost optimization initiatives.
 Dr iving digital transformation and process automation.
 Ensur ing compliance with evolving regulatory requirements.
 F ostering leadership development and talent retention.
The Senior Management team continues to work closely with the Board to achieve sustainable growth, ensure robust governance, and 
deliver long-term value to shareholders and stakeholders.
The NRC reviews the criteria in accordance with the definition of Senior Management Personnel as prescribed by the Listing Regulations, 
and the following individuals are identified as the Senior Management Personnel.
S.No Name Designation/ Role Category*
1 Mr. Ashish Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
2 Mr. Saras Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
3 Mr. Tushar Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
4 Mr. Rajeev Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
5 Mr. Rajat Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
6 Mr. Umesh Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
7 Mr. Harsh Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
8 Mr. Rishab Garg Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
9 Mr. Dhruv Aggarwal Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
10 Mr. Parv Agarwal Senior Management Executive Core Management Team
11 Mr. Pradip Samantaray SR. PRESIDENT Department-Head
12 Mr. N.k. Mahalingam PRESIDENT Department-Head
13 Mr. Omesh kr Talwar PRESIDENT Department-Head
14 Mr. Ashwani kr Sharma President Department-Head
15 Mr. Harsh Bhardwaj PRESIDENT Department-Head
16 Mr. Vinay Vijay Vargiya PRESIDENT Department-Head
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 72]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
105Annual Report 2024-25
Disclosure as per the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 
In line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 ("the Act") 
and the Rules framed thereunder, the Company has adopted a policy on the prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at 
the workplace. The Company has duly constituted an Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) as mandated under the Act.
The Company regularly conducts awareness and sensitization programs for all its employees. During the year, the Company conducted 
specific programs to educate employees about the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and to promote a safe and respectful work environment.
Details of complaints under the Act for the financial year ended March 31, 2025:
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received during the year 0
Number of complaints disposed of during the year 0
Number of complaints pending for more than ninety days 0
The Company has complied with all the provisions relating to the constitution and functioning of the Internal Complaints Committee as 
required under the Act.
Details of Utilization of Funds Raised through Preferential Allotment / Qualified Institutions Placement
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company raised funds amounting to ` 32,55,52,500/- being 75% of the total issue price upon 
conversion of warrants into 964600 equity shares of ` 2/- each issued at a premium of ` 448 to Promoters on a preferential basis. The details 
of utilization of such funds as on March 31, 2025 are as follows:-
Particulars Amount Raised Amount Utilized Amount Pending Utilization 
Raising of Funds through Issuance 
of 964600 Equity Share upon 
Conversion of warrants on 
Preferential issue basis.
Amount received by company is 
` 32,55,52,500/- being 75% of the 
total issue price upon exercise of 
conversion of warrants into equity 
shares.
` 32,55,52,500/ utilized 
as per the terms of the 
issue as stated in the 
Postal Ballot Notice.
0
Total Proceed During the year ` 32,55,52,500/
Statement on Utilization:
 T he entire amount raised has been utilized for the purposes stated in the offer document / explanatory statement to the notice of the 
General Meeting approving the issue.
 T here has been no deviation or variation in the use of proceeds from the objects stated.
 T he utilization of funds has been certified by the Statutory Auditors of the Company, and the certificate is placed before the Audit 
Committee / Board at regular intervals, in compliance with Regulation 32(7A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
The Board of Directors confirms that the proceeds have been utilized in a transparent and accountable manner, strictly adhering to the 
terms of issue and applicable regulatory requirements.
Credit Rating
The Company’s creditworthiness is periodically evaluated by accredited credit rating agencies to facilitate informed decisions by investors, 
lenders, and other stakeholders.
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company’s long-term and short-term credit ratings were reviewed as follows:
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs. 754.75 Crore 
Long Term Rating CRISIL A+/Positive (Upgraded from 'CRISIL A- / Stable') 
Short Term Rating CRISIL A1 (Upgraded from 'CRISIL A2+ ')
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 73]
Goodluck India Limited106
Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity; including the date and place of incorporation and the name and date of 
appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries:- 
The Company has One Material Subsidiary M/s. Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited, Incorporated on 31-08-2023 in India, ROC- 
Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, the company has appointed M/s. Sanjeev Anand & Associates, Chartered Accountants, as the Auditor of the Company 
on 30th September, 2023.
GENERAL BODY MEETING
(I)
 Annual General Meeting (AGM) Detail
 The details of the last three Annual General Meeting are as follows:
YEARS DAY , DATE and TIME VENUE SPECIAL RESOLUTION 
PASSED
2022 Thursday 29.09.2022 at 11:30 AM The Meeting was held through two-way video 
conferencing
04
2023 Saturday 30.09.2023 at 11:00 AM The Meeting was held through two-way video 
conferencing
04
2024 Saturday 28. 09.2024 at 11:00 AM The Meeting was held through two-way video 
conferencing
05
(II) Extra Ordinary General Meeting Details
 During the Financial Year 2024-25, no Extra Ordinary General Meeting was held.
(III) Postal Ballot
 During the Financial Year 2024-25, no resolution was passed through the Postal Ballot.
DISCLOSURES
The Board of Directors receives the required disclosures, from time to time, relating to financial and commercial transactions from the key 
managerial personnel of the company. There have been no materially significant related party transactions which may have a potential 
conflict with the interests of the Company. During the year, no personnel have been denied access to the audit committee.
The policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed and policy on dealing with related party transactions has been uploaded on 
the Company’s website at www.goodluckindia.com
There has not been any occasion of non-compliance by the Company and therefore, no penalties or strictures have been imposed on the 
Company by Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any other Statutory Authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during the last three years.
The Company has formulated a Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism for the directors and employees (including their representative 
body) to report genuine concerns or grievances about unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the company’s Code of 
Conduct or Ethics Policy. Such a vigil mechanism shall provide for adequate safeguards against victimization of directors and employees 
who avail of such mechanism and also make provisions for direct access to the Chairperson of Audit Committee in exceptional cases. 
Further, we affirm that no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee. The detail policy is uploaded on the website of the 
Company. 
NEAPS (NSE Electronic Application Processing System), BSE Corporate Compliance & the Listing Centre:
NEAPS and NSE Digital Exchange Portal is a web-based application designed by NSE for corporate efiling.
BSE Listing is a web-based application designed by BSE for corporate efiling.
All periodical compliance filings, inter alia, shareholding pattern, Corporate Governance Report, corporate announcements, amongst others 
are in accordance with the Listing Regulations filed electronically with NEAPS, NSE Digital Exchange Portal and BSE Listing Centre.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 74]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
107Annual Report 2024-25
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
(I) Quarterly/ Half Y early/ Annual Results 
 The Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual Results of the Company are sent to the Stock Exchanges immediately after they are approved by 
the Board
(II)  News Releases
 The Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual Results of the Company are published in the prescribed format within 48 hours of the conclusion 
of the meeting of the Board in which they are considered, at least in one English newspaper and in one Vernacular newspaper of the 
State where the Registered Office of the Company is situated. The Company generally publishes its financial results in Financial Express/
Jansatta. 
(III) Website
 The Company’s website www.goodluckindia.com contains a separate dedicated section to Investors, where the shareholders information 
and Financial Results are available. The Company’s Information, financial results, shareholding pattern and other information are also 
available on www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com.
(IV) Presentations to Institutional Investors or Analysts 
 Presentations for Investors and Analysts are uploaded on NEAPS and BSE Online Portal of NSE and BSE respectively and uploaded on the 
Company’s website www.goodluckindia.com
CERTIFICATE FOR NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTOR
A certificate has been received from Ravi S. Sharma & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, that none of the Directors on the Board 
of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
POLICY FOR DETERMINING THE MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
The Company’s website www.goodluckindia.com contains a separate dedicated section to Investors, where the policy for determining the 
material subsidiary is available.
FEE FOR THE SERVICES PAID BY THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES TO THE STATUTORY AUDITOR
Particulars Amount(` in Lakhs)
Services as statutory auditors (including quarterly audits) 10.30
Tax audit NIL
Services for tax matters Other matters 6.02
Re-imbursement of out-of-pocket expenses NIL
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(I)
 Annual General Meeting (Tentative & subject to Change)
 The Annual General Meeting is proposed to be held on September 25, 2025
Day, Date and Time Thursday, September 25, 2025 at 11:00 A.M.
Venue through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’).
Date of Book Closure From 19.09.2025 to 25.09.2025 (both days Inclusive)
Dividend Payout Date 24th October, 2025
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 75]
Goodluck India Limited108
First Quarter Result July, 2025
Second Quarter Result November, 2025
Third Quarter Result February, 2026
Annual Results for the year ending on 31.03.2026 May , 2026
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
Stock Code : 530655
National Stock Exchange Limited
Exchange Plaza C-1,Block-G Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051
Stock Code : GOODLUCK
(II)
 Financial Calendar 2025-26 (Tentative & Subject to Change)
(III) Listing on Stock Exchange
       The company’s shares are listed at the following stock exchanges and has paid the annual listing fee to both of the stock exchange:
(IV) Market Price Data
      The monthly high/low market price of shares during last financial year 2024-25 at the National Stock exchange (NSE) are as under:
Month High Price Low Price Close Price
Apr-24 1011.65 862.15 903.15
May-24 949 843.35 885
Jun-24 853.05 720.00 920.15
Jul-24 995.95 838.35 924.5
Aug-24 1,179.00 870 1163.85
Sep-24 1,330.00 1,122.00 1,167.05
Oct-24 1,189.00 881.1 938.85
Nov-24 1,060.00 918 987.6
Dec-24 1,034.65 905.6 929.3
Jan-25 1009.9 783.5 851.75
Feb-25 874.9 567.75 633.6
Mar-25 781.95 588.85 698.75
NIFTY50 Index and Goodluck India Share Price
27000
26000
25000
24000
23000
22000
21000
20000
1400
1200
1000
800
600
400
200
0
Apr-24   May-24   Jun-24    Jul-24   Aug-24   Sep-24   Oct-24   Nov-24  Dec-24   Jan-25   Feb-25   Mar-25
1            2             3            4             5             6            7             8             9           10           11          12
NIFTY  Index Goodluck Price
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 76]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
109Annual Report 2024-25
Registrar And Share Transfer Agent
The company has appointed MAS Services Ltd. as the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the company. The Correspondence address of 
the agent is as follows:
MAS Services Ltd.
T – 34, 2nd Floor, 
Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – II,
New Delhi – 110 020
Email – investor@masserv.com
(V)
 Share Transfer System
 The Company's shares are traded compulsorily in Demat segment on the Stock Exchanges. Shares received for transfer in physical mode 
are processed and valid transfers are approved within prescribed time limit. Duly transferred share certificates are dispatched within 
statutory time limit. 
 A summary of approved transfers, transmissions, deletion requests, etc., are placed before the Board of Directors from time to time as 
per Listing Regulations. 
(VI) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the IEPF Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) 
Rules, 2016 (‘the Rules’), all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF established by the 
Central Government, after the completion of seven years. Further, according to the Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not 
been paid or claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account created by 
the IEPF authority. Accordingly, the Company has transferred the unclaimed and unpaid dividends. Further, the corresponding shares 
will be transferred as per the requirement of the IEPF rules, details of which are provided on Company’s website www.goodluckindia.
com. 
(VII) Distribution of Shareholding and Shareholding Pattern
 Distribution of shareholding and shareholding pattern of the shares as on 31.03.2025 are as follows:
SHARE HOLDING OF NOMINAL VALUE OF 
Rs.2/-
SHARE HOLDERS SHARES HELD
NUMBER % TO TOTAL NUMBER % TO TOTAL
1 TO 1000 33776 91.875 2256458 6.892
1001 TO 2000 1361 3.702 1052932 3.216
2001 TO 4000 752 2.046 1093989 3.342
4001 TO 6000 260 0.707 645389 1.971
6001 TO 8000 119 0.324 412084 1.259
8001 TO 10000 84 0.228 390142 1.192
10001 TO 20000 187 0.509 1325752 4.05
20001 AND ABOVE 224 0.609 25561763 78.079
TOTAL 36763 100 32738509 100.000
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 77]
Goodluck India Limited110
NO. OF 
SHAREHOLDERS
% OF NO. OF 
SHAREHOLDERS
NO. OF SHARE % OF SHARE HELD
NSDL 10690 28.82 7297603 28.82%
CDSL 26305 70.92 25338906 70.92%
PHYSICAL 97 0.26 102000 0.26%
TOTAL SHARE HOLDERS 37092 100 32738509 100
(VIII) Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity
28.82%
70.92%
0.26%
NSDL
CDSL
PHYSICAL
% of Shares held
(IX) Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any convertible instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity:
 During the financial year 2024-25, the Company has issued 964600 equity shares of ` 2/- each at a premium of ` 448 to Promoters on a 
preferential basis pursuant to conversion of warrants and raise funds amounting to ` 43.407 crore. 
 The fund raised through the allotment of shares & warrants issued on preferential basis has been utilized for the purpose for which the 
funds were raised. Consequent to the preferential issue of Equity Shares; there is not any change in control of the Company.
(X) Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities
 The company has the exposure towards risk related to commodity price as well as the foreign exchange risk. The concern risks have 
been discussed under the Management Discussion and Analysis and note on financial statements forming part of the Annual Report.
(XI) Plant Location
A 42 & 45, 
Industrial Area, 
Sikandrabad, Distt. 
–Bulandshahar 
(U. P .)
A-51, Industrial 
Area, Sikandrabad,                     
Distt. -Bulandshahar  
(U.P .)
Khasra No. 2839, 
Dhoom Manik Pur, 
Dadri,
Distt.- G. Budh 
Nagar (U.P .)
A-59, Industrial 
Area, Sikandrabad, 
Distt. -Bulandshahar 
(U.P .)
D-2, 3 & 4 UPSIDC 
Gopalpur Industrial 
Area & Khata No. 
5/17, 73/18 & 75/9, 
Village Rajarampur, 
Sikandrabad(U.P .)
Survey No. 495. 
Vill. Sikra, Talluka 
– Bhachau, Dist. – 
Kutch, Gujarat
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 78]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
111Annual Report 2024-25
(XII) Correspondence Address
 The Investor’s may send their correspondence to the Registrar and Share Transfer agent or directly to the company at the following 
Address:
Mas Service Limited
Registrar and Transfer Agent,
T-34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-II, New Delhi 
-110020
Email:  investor@masserv.com
Good Luck House, 
II – F, 166-167, Nehru Nagar,
Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad – (U.P .) - 201001
Email: investor@goodluckindia.com
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[page 79]
Goodluck India Limited112
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
Goodluck India Limited
509, Arunachal Building,
Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, 
New Delhi – 110001
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of “Goodluck India Limited” 
having CIN L74899DL1986PLC050910 and having registered office at 509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New 
Delhi -110001 and (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me/us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this 
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of my/our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, We hereby 
certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 31st March, 2025 have 
been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sr. No. Name of the Director DIN
1. MAHESH CHANDRA GARG 00292437
2. RAMESH CHANDRA GARG 00298129
3. NITIN GARG 02693146
4. MADHUR GUPTA 03193827
5. RAJIV GOEL 05161245
6. RAJNI ABBI 08867489
7. CHARU JINDAL 09776017
8. SHAMBH NATH SINGH 09847470
For, Ravi S Sharma & Associates
Company Secretaries
Ravi Shankar Sharma
M. No: F7336
COP No: 8007
UDIN: F007336G000389289
Place: New Delhi
Date: May 22nd, 2025
[page 80]
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
113Annual Report 2024-25
AFFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 34(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board 
members and the Senior Management Personnel have confirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for year ended 31.03.2025.
For Goodluck India Limited
Mahesh Chandra Garg                              
Chairman
Place: Ghaziabad   
Date: 22nd May, 2025
[page 81]
Goodluck India Limited114
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To 
The Members of 
Goodluck India Limited 
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Goodluck India Limited for the year ended 31st March, 
2025, as stipulated in Regulation 34(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our Examination was limited to a review 
of procedures and implementations thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate 
Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has complied 
with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulation 34(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
For, Ravi S Sharma & Associates
Company Secretaries
Ravi Shankar Sharma
M. No: F7336
COP No: 8007
UDIN: F007336G000388673
Place: New Delhi
Date: May 22nd, 2025
[page 82]
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
115Annual Report 2024-25
[page 83]
About The Company
Goodluck is a distinguished and forward-looking organization founded by IIT alumni, bringing over 37 years of expertise in manufacturing 
and exporting a wide array of steel products. Since its inception over three decades ago, the company has carved a niche for itself in the 
steel industry through its innovative mindset, commitment to excellence, and progressive business approach.
Our comprehensive product portfolio includes ERW Precision & CDW Tubes, Forged Flanges, Custom Forgings, Power & Telecom Towers, 
Solar Structures, Steel Bridges, ERW Hot Dip Galvanized Pipes, Black Pipes, Black & GI Hollow Sections, CR Coils, Cold Formed Profile, CRCA, 
Road Safety Products, and Galvanized Plain & Corrugated Sheets. These products are widely used across critical sectors such as infrastructure, 
automotive, energy, and construction.
Driven by a philosophy of quality and customer-centricity, Goodluck adheres to the highest international standards. We are proud to 
be certified under ISO 9001, AS 9100D, IATF 16949, ISO 14001, OH&SMS 45001, and CE,  reflecting our dedication to quality 
management, environmental sustainability, and occupational health and safety.
With a strong focus on innovation, technology, and continuous improvement, Goodluck continues to lead the way as a trusted partner 
in the global steel industry, delivering reliable, efficient, and sustainable solutions tailored to client needs.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) is a mandatory reporting requirement by the Securities & Exchange Board of 
India (SEBI) for the top 1000 listed companies by market capitalization. 
The BRSR principles, based on the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC - set of guidelines introduced by India’s 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs on March 15, 2019, steering Companies towards responsible business practices) advocate for listed companies 
to embrace sustainable business methods and divulge information on their environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance. 
The Company aims to progress in its ESG journey to further its objectives of becoming a sustainable and responsible corporate and hereby 
presents the standalone BRSR for the financial year 2024- 25, pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f ) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In this report, the words – ‘Goodluck India Limited’ , ‘Goodluck’ , ‘We’ , ‘Our’ , ‘the Company’ are used interchangeably to denote Goodluck India 
Limited.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited116

[page 84]
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity:
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity - L74899DL1986PLC050910
2. Name of the Listed Entity –  Goodluck India Limited
3. Year of incorporation - 1986
4. Registered office address – 509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001 (INDIA)
5. Corporate address - II-F, 166-167, Nehru Nagar, Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh – 201001 (INDIA)
6. E-mail – goodluck@goodluckindia.com  
7. Telephone – 0120-4196600
8. Website - www.goodluckindia.com
9. Financial year for which reporting is being done – FY 2024- 25
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed :
Name of the Exchange Stock Code
BSE Ltd. 530655 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. GOODLUCK
11. Paid-up Capital – ` 6,54,77,018
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who may be  contacted in case of any queries on 
the BRSR report – 
 Mr. Abhishek Agrawal 
 Company Secretary 
 Ph.:- 0120-4196600 
 Email: - cs@goodluckindia.com
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) 
or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its consolidated financial 
statements, taken together). – All disclosures in this report are done on a standalone basis for Goodluck India Limited.
14. Name of assessment or assurance provider  – Not Applicable for the reporting period as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/42 dt. 28th March 2025.
15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained  – Not Applicable for the reporting period as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/42 dt. 28th March 2025.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
117Annual Report 2024-25
[page 85]
II. Products/services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
III. Operations
18.
 Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
S. 
No.
Description of Main  Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover of the entity
1. Manufacturing Metal & Metal Products 100.00
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. 
No.
Product/ Service NIC Code % of Turnover contributed
1. ERW & CDW Tubes & Sheets 24105 61.00
2. Steel Structure 25119 23.00
3. Forging 25910 16.00
Location Number of plants Number of offices Total
National 06 10 16
International 00 00 00
19. Markets served by the entity:
a. Number of locations
Locations Number 
National (No. of States) Pan India*
International (No. of countries) 48
*It includes 28 States and 8 Union Territories of India.
b. W hat is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
 The contribution of exports accounts for approximately 25% of the total turnover of the company.
c. A brief on types of customers:
 The company primarily operates in the business-to-business (B2B) sector, focusing on providing products and services 
directly to other businesses. While its main operations cater to large-scale clients, a select portion of its offerings is also 
accessible through retail outlets. The core customer base includes Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), which 
rely on the company's products for integration into their own goods, as well as governmental bodies and public sector 
organizations that utilize these solutions for various operational needs.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited118

[page 86]
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Y ear:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
S. 
No.
Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 1259 1232 97.86 27 2.14
2. Other than Permanent (E) 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
3. Total employees (D + E) 1259 1232 97.86 27 2.14
WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 2078 2078 100.00 00 0.00
5. Other than Permanent (G) 2470 2470 100.00 00 0.00
6. Total workers (F + G) 4548 4548 100.00 00 0.00
S. 
No.
Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 00 0.00 00 0.00 00
2. Other than Permanent (E) 00 0.00 00 0.00 00
3. Total differently  abled 
employees (D + E)
00 0.00 00 0.00 00
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 00 0.00 00 0.00 00
5. Other than permanent (G) 00 0.00 00 0.00 00
6. Total differently  abled workers 
(F + G)
00 0.00 00 0.00 00
b.
 Differently abled Employees and workers:
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 08 02 25.00
Key Management Personnel 05 02 40.00
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
119Annual Report 2024-25
[page 87]
22. T urnover rate for permanent employees and workers (in percent)
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 26.74 19.61 26.59 30.02 7.84 29.45 22.08 40.00 31.04
Permanent Workers 35.30 0.00 35.30 30.27 0.00 30.27 23.77 0.00 11.89
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
S.
No
Name of the  holding/ subsidiary/ associate 
companies/ joint ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ 
Subsidiary/ 
Associate/ Joint 
Venture
% of shares held 
by listed entity
Does the entity 
indicated at 
column A, 
participate in 
the Business 
Responsibility 
initiatives of the 
listed entity? 
(Y es/No)
1. Goodluck Infrapower Pvt Ltd Subsidiary 100.00 No
2. GLS Steel India Ltd. Subsidiary 100.00 No
3. GLS Engineering India Ltd Subsidiary 100.00 No
4. GLS Metallics India Ltd Subsidiary 100.00 No
5. Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited Subsidiary 79.43 No
VI. CSR Details
24.   I.       Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes 
II.
 Turnover (in Rs.) –  3,93,589.06 Lakhs
III. Net worth (in Rs.) –   1,21,099.19 Lakhs
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited120

[page 88]
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievance on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National  Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom complaint 
is received
Grievance Redressal 
Mechanism in Place (Y es/ No)
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
If Y es, then provide web-link 
for grievance redress policy)
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at 
close of the 
year
Remarks Number of 
complaints  
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at 
close of the 
year
Remarks
Communities Yes, the Company has 
established a grievance redressal 
committee where the aggrieved 
members of the community can 
come and report their grievance 
in the grievance register.
Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Investors (other 
than shareholders)
Yes, the Company has 
established a grievance redressal 
mechanism to address any 
concerns or issues raised by 
its shareholders and investors. 
If any shareholder or investor 
experiences dissatisfaction or 
encounters problems, they can 
formally submit their grievances 
via email at investor@
goodluckindia.com.
Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Shareholders shareholder or investor 
experiences dissatisfaction or 
encounters problems, they can 
formally submit their grievances 
via email at investor@
goodluckindia.com.
03 Nil Resolved 
to the 
satisfaction of 
shareholder
4 Nil Resolved 
to the 
satisfaction of 
shareholder
Employees and 
workers
Yes Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Customers Yes
Customer complaints are promptly and satisfactorily resolved by the company. However, there is currently no quantifiable data available 
to measure this aspect.
Value Chain  
Partners
Yes Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Other (please 
specify)
Nil Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
121Annual Report 2024-25
[page 89]
26. O verview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that 
present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-
with its financial implications, as per the following format 
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the risk/                                                       
opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity (Indicate 
positive or negative 
implications)
1. GHG emission Risk The production of iron and steel, along 
with on-site fuel combustion, releases 
substantial amounts of carbon dioxide 
and methane into the atmosphere. 
However, advancements in steel 
manufacturing technology have led to 
a reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions per ton of steel produced. In 
response to climate change concerns, 
regulatory measures aimed at curbing 
GHG emissions may result in increased 
compliance costs and risks for iron and 
steel companies.
To effectively address these challenges, 
the company has implemented a range 
of strategies to reduce GHG-related 
risks. These include adopting energy-
efficient technologies, transitioning to 
renewable energy sources, optimizing 
transportation logistics, promoting 
sustainable practices among suppliers, 
investing in carbon offset initiatives, 
conducting comprehensive climate 
risk assessments, and maintaining 
transparent communication with 
stakeholders. Through these efforts, the 
company has successfully minimized its 
environmental impact and strengthened 
its resilience against climate-related risks.
Negative Implication  
(There were no 
negative financial 
implications for the FY 
24-25)
2. Air risk quality Risk Air quality is identified as a critical 
concern due to its significant impact 
on both health and operational 
performance. Poor air quality can lead 
to serious health issues affecting not 
only the local community but also the 
workforce. These health challenges can, 
in turn, influence business operations 
through increased healthcare costs, 
reduced productivity, and potential legal 
liabilities.
To address the risks associated with air 
quality, our company adopts a proactive 
approach focused on prevention and 
continuous improvement. We aim to 
reduce emissions by implementing 
advanced technologies, optimizing 
operational processes, and monitoring 
air quality in real-time. Our strategy 
also includes collaborating with local 
communities and environmental 
experts, transitioning to renewable 
energy sources, investing in sustainable 
infrastructure, ensuring compliance 
with environmental regulations, and 
providing education and training for 
employees. Through this comprehensive 
approach, we demonstrate our 
commitment to mitigating air quality 
risks and promoting a cleaner, healthier 
environment for all.
Negative Implication
(There were no 
negative financial 
implications for the FY 
24-25)
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited122

[page 90]
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the risk/                                                       
opportunity
In case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigate
Financial implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity (Indicate 
positive or negative 
implications)
3. Waste & risk 
hazardous 
materials 
management
Risk The management of waste and 
hazardous materials is recognized as a 
critical risk due to its potential to harm 
the environment, create legal liabilities, 
damage reputations, and disrupt 
business operations. Inefficient waste 
management can lead to pollution, 
regulatory challenges, and health risks, 
all of which can significantly impact 
both environmental sustainability and 
organizational performance.
To address these risks, the company 
takes a proactive and comprehensive 
approach to managing hazardous 
waste. Our focus is on reducing waste 
generation and ensuring the safe, 
responsible disposal of hazardous 
materials in strict adherence to 
regulatory requirements. We also 
promote recycling initiatives, utilize 
advanced technologies, and provide 
thorough training for employees to 
support these practices.
Furthermore, we have established 
robust emergency response protocols 
and work closely with our suppliers 
to enhance preparedness and uphold 
ethical standards. Regular audits are 
conducted to ensure compliance and 
continuous improvement, reinforcing 
our commitment to building and 
maintaining stakeholder trust. Through 
this multidimensional strategy, we aim 
to minimize risks, foster sustainability, 
and protect both the environment and 
the communities in which we operate.
Negative Implication
(There were no 
negative financial 
implications for the FY 
24-25)
4. Employee Health 
& safety
Opportunity The company has established a range 
of health and safety management 
initiatives, including the provision of 
daycare services for children of all the 
employees and workers. Our approach 
encompasses several key areas, such 
as comprehensive risk assessments, 
in-depth training programs, clear and 
standardized procedures, ergonomic 
workplace designs, proper handling 
of hazardous materials, emergency 
preparedness, wellness and health 
initiatives, continuous monitoring, 
and more. Through these measures, 
we effectively mitigate risks, enhance 
productivity, and demonstrate our 
strong commitment to ethical practices 
and the well-being of our employees.
Not Applicable Positive Implication
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
123Annual Report 2024-25
[page 91]
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting 
the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1. a.  Whether your entity’s policy/ policies cover 
each principle and its core elements of the 
NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
y y y y y y y y y
b.  Has the policy been approved by the Board? 
(Yes/No)
The Board of Directors approve the Policies developed in accordance with 
applicable statutory requirements. Further the other policies, which are formulated 
by the relevant Business or Function Heads, are approved by the Managing 
Director and/ or the appropriate Business/ Function Head, as applicable.
c. Web Link of the Policies, if available Please refer the table below: 
Sr. 
No.
Name of policy Link to Policy Which 
Principles each 
policies goes 
into
1. Anti-bribery & Anti-corruption https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/Anti-
CorruptionBriberyPolicy.pdf 
P1
2. Related Party Transaction Policy https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/rpt-policy-goodluck.
pdf
P1
3. Familiarization programme for 
Independent Directors
https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/familiarization-
programme.pdf
P1
4. Whistle Blower Policy https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/vigil-mechanism.pdf P1
5. Archival Policy https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/records-archives-
management-policy.pdf
P1
6. Nomination & Remuneration Policy https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/nomination-and-
remuneration-policy.pdf
P3
7. Dividend distribution policy https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/dividend-distribution-
policy.pdf
P3
8. Policy for determining  Material Subsidiaries https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/2025/feb/Policy-for-
Determinig-Material-Subsidiaries.pdf
P4
9. Materiality of Events https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/policy-for-
determination-of-materiality-of-events-information.pdf
P4
10. Policy on Equal Opportunity - Part of code 
of conduct
https://www.goodluckindia.com/investors.php P3, P8
11. IT Policy Internal P9
12 Environment, Health and Safety Policy Internal P2, P6
13. Skill Upgradation Policy Internal P3
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited124

[page 92]
Sr. 
No.
Name of policy Link to Policy Which 
Principles each 
policies goes 
into
14. Human Rights and Labour Practices Policy Internal P3
15. Child Labour Internal P5
16. Human rights and Labour Practices Policy Internal P5
17. HSE/ Environment Internal P5
18. Freedom of Association Internal P6
2.  Whether the entity has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes / No)
Yes
3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain 
partners? (Yes/No)
No
4.  Name of the national and international codes/
certifications/labels/ standards (e.g. Forest 
Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, 
Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) 
adopted by your entity and mapped to each principle.
The aforementioned policies are aligned with the principles outlined in the National 
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC). Furthermore, the company 
has earned ISO certifications for its plants, as detailed below:
GOODLUCK METALLICS 
Survey No. 495-502, Village: Sikra, Taluka: Bhachau, District: Kutch, Gujarat - 370140  
•
 ISO 9001:2015 - Quality Management System, Principle 2 (Provide goods and 
services sustainably), Principle 9 (Customer value).
• ISO 14001:2015 - Environmental Management System, Principle 6 (Respect & 
make efforts to protect environment).
• ISO 45001:2018 - Occupational Health and Safety Management System, 
Principle 3 (Employee well-being), Principle 5 (Human rights, safe workplaces).
• IATF 16949:2016 - Quality Management System, Principle 2 (Sustainable goods/ 
services), Principle 9 (Customer value).
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
125Annual Report 2024-25
[page 93]
GOODLUCK INDUSTRIES 
A-51 & A-59, Sikandrabad Industrial Area, District: Bulandshahr, Uttar Pradesh - 203505 
•
 ISO 14001:2015 - Environmental Management System, Principle 6 (Environment 
protection).
• ISO 45001:2018 - Occupational Health and Safety Management System, 
Principle 3 (Employee well-being), Principle 5 (Human rights & safe work).
• IATF 16949:2016 - Quality Management System, Principle 2 (Sustainable 
production), Principle 9 (Customer value & product responsibility).
• EN ISO 9001:2015 - Quality Management System, Principle 2 (Sustainable goods 
& services), Principle 9 (Customer value).
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED
A-42 & 45, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad, Uttar Pradesh
•
 ISO 14001:2015 – Environmental Management System - Principle 6 (Environment 
protection)
• ISO 9001:2015 – Quality Management System - Principle 2 (Sustainable goods & 
services), Principle 9 (Customer value)
• ISO 45001:2018 – Occupational Health & Safety Management System - Principle 
3 (Employee well-being), Principle 5 (Human rights & safe work)
• Certificate of Conformity – Factory Production Control - Principle 2 (Sustainable 
production), Principle 9 (Customer value)
• Certificate of Conformity 2014/68/EU – Pressure Equipment Directive - Principle 
2 (Sustainable goods/services), Principle 9 (Customer value)
• EN 10255:2004 + A1:2007 – DNV C ertificate (Factory Production Control) - 
Principle 2, Principle 9
• EN 10219-1:2006 – DNV C ertificate (Factory Production Control) - Principle 2, 
Principle 9
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited126

[page 94]
GOODLUCK ENGINEERING CO.
• Khasra No. 2839, Dhoom Manikpur, Dadri, Gautambudh Nagar – 203207
• ISO 9001:2015 – Quality Management System - Principle 2, Principle 9
• BE EN ISO 9001:2015 – Qualit y Management System Standards - Principle 2, 
Principle 9
• ISO 14001:2015 – Environmental Management System - Principle 6
• ISO 45001:2018 – Occupational Health & Safety Management System - Principle 
3, Principle 5
• QMS – Directive 2014/68/EU (Manufacturer of Materials) - Principle 2, Principle 9
• ABS Certificate – Forging Facility Process Approval - Principle 2, Principle 9
• ATF 16949 – First Edition - Principle 2, Principle 9
• ISO/IEC 17025:2017 – Testing & Calibration Laboratories - Principle 9 (Customer 
value – product quality/testing)
 GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 •
 PlotNo. D2, D3 & D4, UPSIDC Gopalpur Industrial Area, Village Rajarampur, 
Sikandrabad, Dist. Bulandshahr – 203205
• ISO 14001:2015 – Environmental Management System - Principle 6
• ISO 9001:2015 – Quality Management System - Principle 2, Principle 9
• SO 45001:2018 – Occupational Health & Safety Management System - Principle 
3, Principle 5
• Certificate of Conformity – Factory Production Control - Principle 2, Principle 9
5.  Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the 
entity with defined timelines, if any.
The company aims to develop a clear ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) 
strategy to launch its ESG program. It has further planned to keep its key stakeholders 
informed about the progress made in this effort. This proactive approach highlights 
the company’s ability to manage risks, maintain profitability, and uphold a strong 
sense of accountability.
6. 
 Performance of the entity against the specific 
commitments, goals and targets along-with reasons in 
case the same are not met.
Governance, leadership and oversight
6.   
 Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets and achievements
      Goodluck India Limited remains steadfast in its commitment to responsible and sustainable business practices, consistently upholding the highest 
standards in environmental conservation, employee well-being, and corporate governance. Through our focus on environmental stewardship, we 
strive to reduce our ecological footprint by adopting green technologies, optimizing resource utilization, and implementing effective waste reduction 
measures.
    
 Our people, we cultivate a workplace culture that prioritizes safety, health, inclusivity, and continuous learning, enabling employees to grow both 
personally and professionally while contributing to the company’s long-term success. 
    Our commitment to strong governance is reflected in transparent decision-making, ethical conduct, and strict compliance with regulatory standards. 
By embedding accountability and integrity across our operations, we aim to reinforce the trust and confidence of all our stakeholders. 
-Mr. Nitin Garg 
Director 
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
127Annual Report 2024-25
[page 95]
8.  Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementation and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies).
Mr. Nitin Garg, Director 
0120- 4196600 
goodluck@goodluckindia.com 
9. 
 Does the entity have a specified Committee of the 
Board/ Director responsible for decision making on 
sustainability related issues? (Y es / No). If yes, provide 
details.
The Board of Directors are responsible for decision making on sustainability related 
issues.
They evaluate all risks, including sustainability risks, and monitors the effectiveness of 
mitigation measures.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited128

[page 96]
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was under taken by Director / 
Committee of the Board/ Any other Committee
Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other 
– please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against Above policies and 
follow up action
Yes Periodically
Compliance with statutory requirements of 
relevance to the principles, and, rectification 
of any non-compliances
There have been no significant instances of material non-
compliance documented. 
Operational challenges are addressed promptly as they 
occur. Each functional head is accountable for overseeing 
and ensuring compliance with the regulations relevant to 
their specific responsibilities.
Ongoing
P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
11. Has the entity carried out 
independent assessment/ evaluation of 
the working of its policies by an external 
agency?  (Y es/No). If yes, provide name of 
the agency.
In addition to regular internal evaluations at the board and committee levels, the company seeks assurance and confidence 
in its policies, procedures, and codes through periodic audits conducted by external agencies. For this report, an extensive 
review of the implementation and effectiveness of the policies outlined in this section was carried out by Dhir and Dhir 
Associates, a renowned law firm.
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
The entity does not consider the Principles  
material to its business (Yes/No)
Not Applicable
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a 
position to formulate and implement the 
policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/
human and technical resources available for  
the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial 
year (Yes/No)
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
129Annual Report 2024-25
[page 97]
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1:  Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent 
and Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Segment Total Number 
of training 
and awareness 
programmes 
held
Topics/ principles covered under the training and 
its impact
% age of persons in 
respective category 
covered by the awareness 
programmes
Board of Directors 02 •
 Overview about the Company and its business
• Regulatory Updates
• Future Outlooks
100.00
Key Managerial 
Personnel
02 100.00
Employees other 
than BoD and 
KMPs
22 •
 Office Etiquette
• Customer First Batch
• 5S and Kaizen
• Furnace Process
• Rust Control and Oil Management
• Effective Use of Nitrogen Gas
• MDP
• Safety
• Mac UT Awareness
• Metallurgy and Heat Treatment
100.00
Workers 211 • Special Processes and Product Safety
• Office etiquettes, On-the-Job Training and 
Supervisor Behavioural Safety
• Lean & Quality Tools (5S and Kaizen, FIFO, FMEA, 7 
QC Tools, SPC, MSA, 8D Problem Solving)
• IT Security, ERP Usage, and Communication
• Human Rights, Diversity, Anti-Discrimination, and 
Harassment Awareness
>90.00
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited130

[page 98]
• C ustomer Complaint Handling and CAPA 
Implementation
• Safe Operation of machinery
• Raw Material Storage, Identification, and 
Procurement Assessment and Quality Procedures 
• Metallurgical & Mechanical Test Sample Removal
• Purchasing Control and Process Control 
Procedures
• Awareness of ISO Standards
• Industrial Pollution Control and Environmental 
Safety
• Fire Safety, Electrical Safety, and Hazardous Waste 
Management
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by 
directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year (basis the materiality as 
specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the 
entity’s website) 
Monetary
NGRBC Principle Name of the 
regulatory/ 
enforcement 
agencies/ judicial 
institutions
Amount (in INR) Brief of the Case Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Y es/No)
Penalty/Fine Nil
Settlement
Compounding Fee
Non-Monetary
Imprisonment Nil
Punishment
3.
 Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or 
non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/enforcement agencies/judicial 
institutions
Not Applicable Not Applicable
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
131Annual Report 2024-25
[page 99]
4. Do es the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a 
web-link to the policy.
 To reinforce the Company’s commitment to ethical corporate conduct and actively address corruption, the company has developed 
a robust anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy. This policy sets forth strict guidelines and measures to prevent any form of corrupt 
practices, including bribery, within the organization. Through the implementation of this policy, the company strives to promote 
transparency, accountability, and integrity across all operations, cultivating a culture rooted in honesty and ethical behavior among 
employees and stakeholders.
 Web-link: https://www.goodluckindia.com/pdf/Anti-CorruptionBriberyPolicy.pdf 
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement 
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directors Nil Nil
KMPs Nil Nil
Employees Nil Nil
Workers Nil Nil
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number of days of accounts payables 14.85 18.76
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of conflict of 
interest of the Directors
Nil None Nil None
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of 
Interest of the KMPs
Nil None Nil None
7.
 Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties/ action taken by 
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
 The company has not faced any regulatory fines in the financial year. To promote transparency, the company has implemented a 
conflict-of-interest policy within its code of conduct, reflecting its commitment to openness. In accordance with the Companies 
Act, this policy mandates that Directors disclose any potential conflicts of interest to the Board or relevant Committees and comply 
with applicable laws to prevent undue influence on decision-making processes. Additionally, to reaffirm their commitment to ethical 
conduct and strong governance, Directors are required to regularly submit the necessary disclosures to the Board or the appropriate 
Committees.
8.
 Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following 
format :
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited132

[page 100]
9. O pen-ness of Business
 Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers and related parties along-with 
loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format :
Parameter Metrics FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Concentration of Purchases a.  Purchases from Trading houses as % of total 
purchases
0.00 0.00
b. Number of trading houses where purchases 
and made from
00 00
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of 
total purchases from trading houses
0.00 0.00
Concentration of Sales a.  Sales to dealers/distributors as % of total sales 9.8 10.6
b. Number of dealers/distributors to whom sales 
are made
316 177.00
c. Sales to top 10 dealers/distributors as % of 
total sales to dealers/distributors
44.22 44.33
Share of RPTs in a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties/Total 
Purchases)
0.00 0.00
b. Sales (Sales to related parties/Total Sales) 0.00 0.00
a. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to 
related parties/Total loans & advances)
43.14 0.29
d. Investments (Investments in related parties/
Total Investments made)
0.00 89.78
 7 The above calculations are in accordance with Part B, Attribute 9 of the Industry Standards Note (December 2024) on the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) Core, 
jointly issued by ASSOCHAM, CII, and FICCI, pursuant to Regulation 34(2) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, and as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122.
 8 The above calculations are in accordance with Part B, Attribute 9 of the Industry Standards Note (December 2024) on the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) Core, 
jointly issued by ASSOCHAM, CII, and FICCI, pursuant to Regulation 34(2) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, and as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122.
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programs conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year
Total number of awareness programs 
held
Topic/principles covered under the 
training
% age of value chain partners 
covered (by value of business done 
such partners) under the awareness 
programs
1 ESG & GHG 0.22
Although we did not conduct in the reporting year, we have developed the programs and are planning to implement it in the 
upcoming years.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
133Annual Report 2024-25
[page 101]
2. Do es the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Y es/No). 
If yes, provide details of the same.
 The company has integrated a Conflict of Interest policy as a key component of its Code of Conduct. This policy imposes an obligation 
on all directors and employees to disclose relevant information and ensure that their personal or professional relationships do not 
conflict with the company's operations or their roles within the organization. In cases where conflicts of interest arise, the individuals 
involved may be subject to disciplinary measures. This proactive approach reflects the company's strong commitment to maintaining 
operational integrity and upholding the highest ethical standards.
 https://www.goodluckindia.com/investors.php
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited134

[page 102]
PRINCIPLE 2:  Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively. 
2024-25 2023-24 Details of Improvements in 
environmental and social 
impacts
R&D The Capex and R&D expenditures in relation to their potential to improve the social and environmental aspects 
of the operations, cannot be identified separately as these costs are integral to the project. Capex
2.
 a.      Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Y es/No)
   The Company has procedures in place for sustainable sourcing. These include a Supplier Code of Conduct, supplier screening 
and audits, promotion of local and ethical sourcing, adoption of lifecycle and circular economy practices, and a mechanism for 
continuous improvement.
b.   If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably? 
         The Company has initiated sustainable sourcing practices through SOPs and supplier evaluations; however, the exact percentage 
of inputs sourced sustainably is not presently ascertainable. The Company is working towards establishing a systematic data 
collection and monitoring mechanism to report this percentage in the coming years.
3.
 Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for 
(a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
       The Company manages end-of-life products through authorized channels in compliance with applicable laws. For plastics (including 
packaging), the Company is registered as a Brand Owner with CPCB and fulfills its EPR obligations by engaging authorized Plastic 
Waste Processors. E-waste is handed over to CPCB/SPCB approved recyclers, while hazardous waste such as used oils and residues 
is disposed of through authorized TSDFs. Other wastes are segregated at source, with recyclables sent to authorized recyclers and 
inert/biodegradable waste disposed of safely through municipal/industrial systems.
4.
 Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Y es / No). If yes, whether the 
waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control 
Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
 Yes, Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the activities of Goodluck India Limited. The Company has obtained 
registration as a Brand Owner under Rule 13(2) of the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016. The Company’s waste collection and 
disposal activities are aligned with the EPR Action Plan submitted to CPCB. Compliance status is monitored and verified through the 
CPCB online portal, as CPCB does not issue separate acknowledgments for compliance submissions.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
135Annual Report 2024-25
[page 103]
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) 
or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
NIC 
Code
Name of Product/
Service
% of total Turnover 
Contributed
Boundary for 
which the Life 
Cycle Perspective 
/ Assessment was 
conducted
Whether 
conducted by 
independent 
external agency 
(Y es/No)
Results 
communicated in 
public domain (Y es/
No) If yes, provide the 
web-link.
24105 ERW & CDW Tubes 
and Sheets
63.00 Cradle to Gate Yes No
2.
 If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your 
products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly 
describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
3.
 Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing 
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Name of Product/ Service Description of the risk/ concern Action Taken
ERW & CDW Tubes and Sheets High energy use and GHG emissions, 
acidification/eutrophication risks, non-
hazardous waste generation, and ~5% 
product loss at end-of-life recycling.
•
 Upgraded to energy-efficient 
manufacturing processes.
• Use of water-based epoxy coatings 
to improve durability and reduce 
replacements.
•
 Implementation of ISO 14001 
environmental management 
practices for emission and waste 
control.
•
 Ensuring ~95% recyclability of 
steel pipes at end-of-life to support 
circular economy.
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
The Company is currently not using any recycled or reused input material.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited136

[page 104]
4. O f the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric  tonnes) reused, recycled, and 
safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed 
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Plastics (including packaging) 00 00 3.462 The percentage of recycled or reused input 
materials compared to the total materials used 
for production has not been quantified.
E-waste 00 00 0.129
Hazardous Waste- 
Incineration
00 00 1.   2.873
1.  Handgloves and Cotton 
Waste
2.   3.187
2. Oily Sludge
Hazardous Waste- Used Oil 00 1.562 00
Hazardous Waste- Land Filling 00 00 32391.462
Other waste-
Bio-medical waste 00 00 0.05
Battery Waste 00 1.427 00
Zinc Ass and Dross 00 1809.914 00
Iron Scrap 00 47177.359 00
5.
 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as 
percentage of products sold) for each product category
Nil Nil
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
137Annual Report 2024-25
[page 105]
PRINCIPLE 3:  Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of employees covered by
Total (A) Health Insurance Accident Insurance Maternity Benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care facilities
Number 
(B)
% (B/A) Number 
(C)
% (C/A) Number 
(D)
% (D/A) Number 
(E)
% (E/A) Number 
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male 1232 1232 100.00 1232 100.00 00 0.00 1232 100.00 1232 100.00
Female 27 27 100.00 27 100.00 27 100.00 00 0.00 27 100.00
Total 1259 1259 100.00 1259 100.00 1277 100.00 1232 100.00 1259 100.00
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Total 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00
% of employees covered by
Total (A) Health Insurance Accident Insurance Maternity Benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care facilities
Number 
(B)
% (B/A) Number 
(C)
% (C/A) Number 
(D)
% (D/A) Number 
(E)
% (E/A) Number 
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent workers
Male 2078 2078 100.00 2078 100.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 2078 100.00
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Total 2078 2078 100.00 2078 100.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 2078 100.00
Other than Permanent workers
Male 2470 2470 100.00 2470 100.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 2470 100.00
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Total 2470 2470 100.00 2470 100.00 00 0.00 00 0.00 2470 100.00
*Percentage of (D) & (E) – maternity & paternity benefit (resp.) is calculated as 100% considering (A) as total employees for the purpose of the said benefit, as per FAQs on BRSR issued 
by NSE
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
*Percentage of (D) & (E) – maternity & paternity benefit (resp.) is calculated as 100% considering (A) as total employees for the purpose of the said benefit, as per FAQs on BRSR issued 
by NSE
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited138

[page 106]
c. Sp ending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than 
permanent) in the following format9 :
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the 
company
0.03 0.05
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Y ear.
Benefits FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 100.00 100.00 Yes 100.00 100.00 Yes
Gratuity 100.00 100.00 Yes 100.00 100.00 Yes
ESI 100.00 100.00 Yes 100.00 100.00 Yes
* All permanent employees, including permanent staff, receive compensation exceeding the ESI threshold, rendering them ineligible for ESI benefits.
3. A ccessibility of workplaces
 Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of 
the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
 The company has ensured that all its premises and offices are fully accessible to employees and workers with disabilities. The company 
has proactively designed and equipped its facilities to accommodate the needs of differently-abled individuals, creating an inclusive 
and barrier-free environment that promotes equal opportunities for all.
4.
 Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide 
a web-link to the policy.
 The company is dedicated to fostering equal opportunities in the workplace, ensuring a supportive and non-discriminatory 
environment for all employees and workers. This commitment is embodied in its equal opportunity policy, which is designed to 
promote fairness, diversity, and inclusion across all levels of the organization. The policy reinforces the company’s dedication to 
upholding human rights, eliminating biases, and creating a workplace where everyone has the chance to thrive based on their skills 
and abilities.
5.
 Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent Employees Permanent workers
Male Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male During the reporting period, there were no instances of parental leave being taken.
Female
Total
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
139Annual Report 2024-25
[page 107]
6. I s there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker? 
If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Y es/No (If Y es, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers The company has implemented a proactive grievance management system to 
effectively address the concerns of employees and workers in a hassle free manner. 
A grievance register is conveniently placed at the entrance gate, allowing staff to 
easily record their issues during working hours. Once a grievance is submitted, 
the Grievance Redressal Committee promptly takes charge, with a dedicated 
commitment to resolving the matter within 48 hours
To promote transparency and open communication, the names and contact 
details of the committee members are clearly displayed on the notice board. 
This ensures that employees know exactly whom to approach for support. This 
structured and accessible grievance mechanism is designed to provide a smooth, 
efficient process for raising concerns, fostering a workplace culture where issues are 
addressed promptly and fairly, thereby enhancing employee satisfaction and trust in 
management.
Other than Permanent Workers
Permanent Employees
Other than Permanent Employees
7.
 Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (A)
No. of 
employees/ 
workers in 
respective 
category, 
who are 
part of 
association 
(s) or Union 
(B)
% (B / A) Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (C)
No. of 
employees/ 
workers in 
respective 
category, 
who are 
part of 
association 
(s) or Union 
(D)
% (D / C)
Total Permanent Employees
Nil, the employees and workers of the company are not affiliated with any associations or unions.
Male
Female
Total Permanent Worker
Male
Female
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited140

[page 108]
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total
(A)
On Health and 
Safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
Total
(D)
On Health and 
Safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (E) % (E/D) No. (F) % (F/D)
Employees
Male 1232 1163 94.39 1162 94.31 1026 929 90.54 857 83.53
Female 27 27 100.00 25 92.59 25 19 76 18 72
Total 1259 1190 94.31 1187 94.28 1051 948 90.19 875 83.25
Workers
Male 2078 1396 67.17  1396 67.17 1596 1556 97.49 1404 87.96
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Total 2078 1396 67.17  1396 67.17 1596 1556 97.49 1404 87.96
9.
 Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total
(A)
No. (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 1232 811 65.82 1026 815 79.43
Female 27 27 100.00 25 25 100.00
Total 1259 838 66.56 1051 840 79.92
Workers
Male 2078 1596 76.80 1596 1456 91.22
Female 00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00
Total 2078 1596 76.80 1596 1456 91.22
10.
 Health and safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Y es/ No). If 
yes, the coverage such system?
 Goodluck India is deeply committed to safeguarding the well-being of its employees through a comprehensive occupational 
health and safety management system. The company conducts Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA), which 
systematically identifies and assesses potential workplace hazards, while implementing and continuously monitoring effective 
strategies to mitigate these risks. Adherence to the OHS 593001 standard further highlights the company's dedication to 
upholding stringent occupational health and safety practices, ensuring a safe and secure working environment for all.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
141Annual Report 2024-25
[page 109]
b. W hat are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis 
by the entity?
 The company acknowledges its responsibility to identify and effectively address workplace hazards. It conducts thorough hazard 
identification and risk assessment studies across different departmental activities. These assessments guide the implementation 
of targeted control measures to manage and reduce the identified risks. This structured approach enables the company to 
consistently identify and evaluate both routine and non-routine work-related hazards, ensuring ongoing workplace safety and 
risk mitigation.
c.
 Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such 
risks. (Y/N)
 Yes, the company has developed a structured framework designed to prioritize employee safety by enabling them to report any 
work-related hazards promptly. The procedures for reporting hazards and responding to unsafe conditions are clearly outlined 
in the company’s comprehensive Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) documentation. This approach ensures 
that workplace risks are systematically identified, assessed, and managed, thereby promoting a safer and more secure working 
environment for all employees.
d.
 Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Y es/ No)
 The company offers employees and workers access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services, including general 
medical care, preventive check-ups, and specialist consultations. This support reflects the company’s commitment to the overall 
well-being of its workforce, promoting a healthy and balanced work environment.
11.
 Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Lost Time Injury Frequency 
Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked)
Employees 1.72 0.82
Workers 2.58 2.15
Total recordable work-related 
injuries
Employees 05 02
Workers 27 23
No. of fatalities Employees Nil Nil
Workers Nil Nil
High consequence work-
related injury or ill-health 
(excluding fatalities)
Employees Nil Nil
Workers Nil Nil
12.
 Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
 The company has introduced various initiatives to promote a safe and healthy work environment, with a particular emphasis on 
Training and Development. Employees actively engage in safety training programs that address potential hazards, effective safety 
practices, and emergency response protocols. These initiatives are designed to strengthen employees' awareness and competencies 
in workplace safety, fostering a culture of safety and health consciousness throughout the organization.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited142

[page 110]
13. Numb er of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
14. Assessments for the year:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
year
Remarks
Working Conditions Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Health & Safety Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity 
or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100.00
Working Conditions 100.00
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant 
risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
 Nil, there were no significant risks or concerns reported during the current reporting period.
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B) 
Workers (Y/N).
 Yes, the company extends insurance policies in the event of death of employees or workers.
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the 
value chain partners.
 The company currently lacks a formal mechanism to monitor statutory compliance among its value chain partners and instead relies 
on informal methods to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work- related injury / ill-health / fatalities 
(as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment 
or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees/workers No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated 
and placed in suitable employment or whose 
family members have been placed in suitable 
employment
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Employees Nil Nil Nil Nil
Workers Nil Nil Nil Nil
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
143Annual Report 2024-25
[page 111]
4. Do es the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of 
career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Y es/ No)
 The company does not formally provide transition assistance programs to its employees or workers, but it actively planning to establish 
and implement transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with 
such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices Nil
Working Conditions Nil
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from 
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners. 
 Not Applicable as no assessment was carried out in the reporting year.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited144

[page 112]
PRINCIPLE 4:  Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
 Stakeholders are integral to the company’s operations, and the Company is dedicated to fostering strong, mutually beneficial 
relationships with them. It has adopted a systematic approach to categorize stakeholders, encompassing both internal groups 
(such as employees and management) and external parties (including customers, suppliers, investors, and regulatory bodies). This 
classification is based on their level of influence on the company’s activities and decision-making processes.
 The company identifies stakeholders through a combination of methods, including stakeholder mapping, analyzing the company’s 
value chain, reviewing regulatory requirements, and considering the social, environmental, and economic impacts of its operations. 
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group
Stakeholder Group Whether identified 
as Vulnerable & 
Marginalized Group 
(Y es/No)
Channels of 
Communication
(Email, SMS, 
Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, 
Community, 
Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website, 
Other)
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly/ 
others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope 
of engagement 
including key 
topics and concerns 
raised during such 
engagement
Customers No •
 Email 
• Brochure 
• Meetings 
• Exhibitions 
• Website
Regular and on need 
basis
•
 Product 
availability
•
 Customer centric 
requirements
• Sales realization 
• New market 
avenue
Employees No • Email 
• Face to face 
• Employees 
initiative
•
 Get together
• Working 
environment
•
 Career 
enhancement
•
 Long-term 
strategy plans, 
training and 
awareness 
•
 Health, safety 
and engagement 
initiatives
•
 Encouragement 
to Work
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
145Annual Report 2024-25
[page 113]
Stakeholder Group Whether identified 
as Vulnerable & 
Marginalized Group 
(Y es/No)
Channels of 
Communication
(Email, SMS, 
Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, 
Advertisement, 
Community, 
Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website, 
Other)
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly/ 
others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope 
of engagement 
including key 
topics and concerns 
raised during such 
engagement
Suppliers No •
 Email 
• Brochure 
• Meeting 
• Exhibitions
Regular and on need 
basis
•
 Raw material 
availability 
• Future needs
• Customer centric 
requirements
Investors No • Email 
• Press release 
• Open-ended con 
calls
• Annual Report
Ongoing • Query resolution
• Company 
performance
•
 Companies 
outlook
Communities No •
 Local leaders 
• Physical visit 
• Mail 
communication 
•
 Media coverage
Regular and on need 
basis
•
 Welfare 
programmes
•
 Support to 
community
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social 
topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
 The company has established a structured approach to engage with stakeholders and the Board on environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) matters. This process begins with identifying key stakeholders and addressing critical issues through various 
methods, such as surveys and meetings, to gather their input. The collected feedback is then consolidated into a detailed report, 
which is presented to the Board to support informed decision-making and strategic planning. To maintain transparency, the company 
communicates its decisions through multiple channels, demonstrating its commitment to incorporating stakeholder feedback into 
its responsible and sustainable business practices.
2.
 Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social 
topics (Y es / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were 
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
 The company actively engages with stakeholders to effectively address and manage environmental and social challenges. For instance, 
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited146

[page 114]
feedback from local communities has driven improvements in emissions control and waste management practices. Employee 
insights have contributed to the development of enhanced safety protocols and more comprehensive wellness programs. Further, 
collaboration with suppliers has led to the enactment of a code of conduct that promotes ethical and sustainable business practices. 
These examples highlight how stakeholder input plays a vital role in shaping the company’s policies and practices, reinforcing its 
commitment to responsible and impactful operations.
3.
 Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized 
stakeholder groups.
 The company is committed to strengthening its engagement with marginalized communities by improving access to education 
and healthcare. It supports employees through flexible working hours and family-friendly initiatives, demonstrating its dedication to 
gender equality and fostering a safe, inclusive work environment. Additionally, the company collaborates strategically with suppliers 
to empower local businesses owned by marginalized groups. Through Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities, the Company 
also addresses the concerns of vulnerable groups, focusing on areas such as community development, health, and education. These 
proactive efforts reflect the company’s focus on generating meaningful, positive impacts for vulnerable stakeholders
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
147Annual Report 2024-25
[page 115]
PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essentials Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and      policy(ies) of the entity, in the 
following format:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total (A) No. of 
employees/ 
workers 
covered (B)
% (B/A) Total (C) No. of 
employees/ 
workers 
covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent 1259 1253 99.52 1051 1051 100.00
Other than permanent 00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00
Total Employees 1259 1253 99.52 1051 1051 100.00
Workers
Permanent 2078 1997 96.10 1596 1596 100.00
Other than permanent 2470 2442 98.86 2677 00 0.00
Total Workers 4548 4439 97.60 4273 1596 37.25
2.
 Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total (A) Equal to 
Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum 
Wage
Total (D) Equal to 
Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum 
Wage
No. 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
No. (C) % 
(C/A)
No. (E) % 
(E/D)
No. (F) % 
(F/D)
Employees
Permanent 1259 13 1.03 1246 98.97 1051 65 6.20 986 93.80
Male 1232 13 1.05 1219 98.95 1026 60 5.85 966 94.15
Female 27 00 0.00 27 100.00 25 5 20.00 20 80.00
Other than Permanent 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Male 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Workers
Permanent 2078 495 23.82 1583 76.18 1596 503 31.50 1093 68.50
Male 2078 495 23.82 1583 76.18 1596 503 31.50 1093 68.50
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Other than Permanent 2470 2273 92.02 197 7.98 2677 1819 68.00 858 32.00
Male 2470 2273 92.02 197 7.98 2677 1819 68.00 858 32.00
Female 00 00 0.00 00 0.00 00 00 0.00 00 0.00
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited148

[page 116]
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
a. Median remuneration/wages:
Male Female
Number Median 
remuneration/ 
Salary/ Wages 
of respective 
category
(Rs./Monthly
Number Median 
remuneration/ 
Salary/ Wages 
of respective 
category
(Rs./Monthly)
Board of Directors (BoD) 04 21,93,300 00 00
Key Managerial Personnel 06 18,09,967 00 00
Employees other than BoD and KMP 1226 20,000 27 35,069
Workers 2078 12,994 00 00
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format10 :
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 4.40 1.28
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contributed to by the business? (Y es/No)
 The HR team is the focal point responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues. To address human rights concerns, 
employees are encouraged to communicate directly with the HR team, which is committed to offering timely and effective support. 
The company is dedicated to enhancing the work environment for its employees and workers. 
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
 The company is dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure work environment by establishing several key committees to support this 
objective. These include the Works Committee, Grievance Committee, Internal Complaints Committee under POSH, and the Whistle-
Blower Committee. Each of these bodies is focused on effectively addressing and resolving concerns related to human rights within 
the organization. The company takes immediate cognizance of any human rights issue, ensuring prompt action and resolution to 
uphold the dignity and rights of the entire workforce.
6.
 Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remarks
Sexual harassment Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Discrimination at 
workplace
Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
149Annual Report 2024-25
[page 117]
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remarks
Child Labour Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Forced Labour/ 
Involuntary Labour
Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Wages Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Other Human Rights 
related issues
Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
7.
 Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013, in the following format11:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Nil Nil
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers Nil Nil
Complaints on POSH upheld Nil Nil
8.
 Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
 The company is committed to maintaining a safe and secure workplace through the implementation of its POSH (Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment) policy, supported by dedicated internal committees focused on addressing harassment effectively. To further strengthen 
its commitment to workplace integrity, the company has established a proactive whistle-blower policy, allowing employees to 
report concerns confidentially while safeguarding them from any form of retaliation. This comprehensive approach not only fosters a 
respectful and inclusive work environment but also encourages transparency, accountability, and the protection of employees' rights.
9.
 Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?
 Yes, the Company ensures that all pertinent and essential clauses pertaining to human rights are incorporated into its contracts and 
commercial agreements.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and Offices that were assessed (by entity or 
statutory authorities or third parties)
Child Labour
100% plants and officers were assessed.
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual Harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Others- please specify
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited150

[page 118]
11. P rovide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 10 above.
 The company did not identify any significant risks through the assessments of plants and offices. However, Goodluck has strong 
mechanisms in place to effectively address any human rights issues that may emerge.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/ complaints.
 The company is deeply committed to employee well-being and has incorporated a grievance redressal policy within its code of 
conduct to address concerns effectively. This policy provides a clear framework for employees to voice their issues, ensuring that 
their rights are respected and upheld. During the reporting period, no human rights issues were reported, reflecting the company’s 
proactive approach to maintaining a respectful and ethical work environment. 
2.
 Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
 No human rights due diligence was conducted by the Company during the financial year.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons 
with Disabilities Act, 2016?
 Goodluck has ensured that its premises and offices are fully accessible to employees and workers with disabilities. We have thoughtfully 
designed and equipped our facilities to meet the needs of differently-abled individuals, creating a barrier-free environment that 
promotes equal opportunities for all. The Company is committed to creating an inclusive environment by regularly enhancing its 
infrastructure.
4.
 Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with 
such partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment
Nil
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour / Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others – please specify
5.
 Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 4 above.
 Not Applicable
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
151Annual Report 2024-25
[page 119]
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format12: 
Parameter FY 2024-25 
(In megajoules)
FY 2023-24 
(In megajoules)
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 1,09,036.96 91,597.92
Total fuel consumption (B) - _
Energy consumption through 
other sources (C) - _
Total Energy consumption from renewable sources (A+B+C) 1,09,036.96 91,597.92
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D)  1,58,414,44 1,37,449.92
Total fuel consumption (E) 6,73,897.95 5,44,802.37
Energy consumption through 
other sources (F) - -
Total Energy consumption from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 8,32,312.39 6,82,252.29
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 9,41,349.35 7,73,850.21
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover
(Total energy consumption/ Revenue from Operations) -GJ/Rs 0.000032 0.000022
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) 
-GJ/USD
0.00066 0.00049
Energy intensity in terms of physical output-  GJ/Metric tonne 2.13 2.02
Energy intensity (optional) – GJ/Employee 747.70 736.30
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)
Yes, independent assessment is carried out by an external agency, especially through DQS, to ensure all the compliances 
and quality standards are adhered to.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited152

[page 120]
2. Do es the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and 
Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have 
been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any
 The company is not identified as a designated consumer under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government 
of India. 
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format: 
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
(i) Surface water 20,323.00 24,749.00
(ii) Groundwater 2,95,708.05 3,39,075.00
(iii) Third party water _ _
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water _ _
(v) Others  - _ _
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 3,16,031.05 3,63,824.00
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 2,06,655.17 2,60,864.00
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / Revenue from 
operations) - Kilolitres/Rs
0.0000071 0.0000074
Water Intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) 
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) - 
Kilolitres/USD
0.00015 0.00017
Water intensity in terms of physical output - Kilolitres /Metric tonne 0.47 0.68
Water intensity (optional) – Kilolitres/employee 164.14 248.21
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) 
If yes, name of the external agency
Yes, the company carefully monitors its water management practices. Independent assessment in conducted by Dwece Management 
Private Limited, an external agency authorized by the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA).
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
-  No treatment _ _
-  With treatment – please specify level of treatment _ _
(ii) To Groundwater
- 
 No treatment _ _
-  With treatment – please specify level of treatment _ _
(iii) To Seawater 
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
153Annual Report 2024-25
[page 121]
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
-  No treatment _ _
-  With treatment – please specify level of treatment _ _
(iv) Sent to third-parties – (Industrial Drainage)
-  No treatment _ _
-  With treatment – Primary, Secondary and Tertiary 1,09,375.88 1,02,960.00
(v) Others
- 
 No treatment _ _
-  With treatment _ _
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 1,09,375.88 1,02,960.00
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency.
Yes, the company carefully monitors its water management practices. Independent assessment in conducted by Dwece Management 
Private Limited, an external agency authorized by the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA). The agreement with Dwece 
Management Private Limited ensures that the company’s water management processes are closely monitored and are in adherence 
with the regulatory complian
  
5. Has the en tity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation. 
 Yes, the company has implemented a Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) system in three of its operational units. In the remaining three units, 
treated wastewater is responsibly discharged into industrial drainage systems, strictly adhering to regulatory norms. This reflects the 
company’s commitment to responsible water management and sustainable environmental practices.
 The wastewater treatment process is comprehensive and multi-stage, incorporating advanced technologies to ensure efficient 
effluent management. The process begins with primary settling in a septic tank, followed by flow equalization. Biological treatment 
is then carried out using a Sequencing Batch Reactor (SBR), which enables efficient degradation of organic matter through aeration. 
Clarification occurs in a decanting tank, and further filtration is conducted through multi-grade and activated carbon filters to remove 
suspended solids, colour, and odour. The treated water is collected in a dedicated storage tank and reused for non-potable purposes 
like gardening and toilet flushing.
 A parallel tr eatment stream includes pH adjustment in a neutralization tank using lime, after which the effluent is sent to a filter 
press for sludge dewatering. The resulting solid sludge is securely packed in High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE) bags and stored in a 
designated solid waste area. The filtrate from the dewatering process is further treated through a pressure sand filter, activated carbon 
filter, micron filtration, and finally reverse osmosis (RO) for desalination. The RO reject is managed using a multiple-effect evaporator 
(MEE), which reduces waste volume by concentrating the brine and recovering water through evaporation.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited154

[page 122]
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format: 
Parameter Please specify 
unit 
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
NOx Mg/Nm3 611.07 1387.67 
SOx Mg/Nm3 89.60 232.70 
Particulate matter (PM) Mg/Nm3 109.45 286.69 
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) _ _
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) _ _
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) _ _
Others – CO Mg/Nm3 189.56 489.05 
Others – Non Methane Hydro Carbon Mg/Nm3 423.33 _
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. 
The independent assessment is carried out by Enviro Tech Service and Global Enviro Laboratories, to ensure accurate and reliable environmental 
assessments. The external agencies conduct stack monitoring to ensure reliable assessment.
7. P rovide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following format:   
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Scope 1 emissions  (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, 
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)*
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
39,458.28 31,300.48
Total Scope 2 emissions  (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, 
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) 
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
31,990.92 27,337.26
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnover 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations) Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent/Rs
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent/ 
Rupee
0.0000024 0.0000017
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)  (Total Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations adjusted for 
PPP) Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent/Rs
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent/ 
USD
0.000050 0.000037
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity in terms of 
physical output
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent/  
MT
0.16 0.15
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent/ 
employee
56.75 55.79
* In FY 23-24, the emissions from Hydra and Forklift were not calculated because of the unavailability of the data.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency.
No independent assessment or evaluation is being conducted by any external agency.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
155Annual Report 2024-25
[page 123]
8. Do es the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
 Yes, the company has undertaken several initiatives aimed at reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. It procures solar energy 
through the Open Access model via the grid, enabling the use of clean, renewable energy and reducing reliance on conventional power 
sources. Additionally, the company sources renewable energy from external providers to support its operations, further minimizing 
its carbon footprint. As part of its broader environmental sustainability drive, the Company has also carried out afforestation activities, 
planting 50,000 trees in Bulandshahr and 5,000 trees in Gujarat. These efforts contribute to carbon sequestration and enhance 
biodiversity.
9.
 Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:22
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 3.46 5.70
E-waste (B) 0.13 0.23
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.05 0.06
Construction and demolition waste (D) _ _
Battery waste (E)  1.43 0.26
Radioactive waste (F)  _ _
Other Hazardous waste. Please Specify, if any.  (G) 
1. ETP Sludge 3,291.46 2,792.93
2. Zinc Ass 1,106.36 _
3. Zinc Dross 703.56 _
4. Contaminated cotton waste & Hand gloves 2.87 0.92
5. Oily sludge 0.84 4.14
6. Used Oil 2.46 0.22
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any.- 47,177.36 41,384.33
1. Iron Scraps 52,289.97 44,188.79
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from 
operations) - Metric tonne/Rs
0.0000018 0.0000013
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP)  (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) - 
Metric tonne/USD
0.000037 0.000028
Waste intensity in terms of physical output -Metric tonne/ Metric tonne 0.12 0.12
Waste intensity (optional) – MT/employee 41.53 42.04
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery 
operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste- Plastic, Other Hazardous Waste and Other Non-Hazardous waste
(i) Recycled  - Plastic Waste, Iron Scraps, Zinc Ass, Zinc Dross, Used Oil 48,993.19 41,390.25
(ii) Re-used - _
(iii) Other recovery operations - _
Total  48,993.19 41,390.25
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste - E-waste, Bio-medical waste, Battery waste and Hazardous waste
(i) Incineration – E-waste, Biomedical waste, Contaminated Cotton Waste, Oily 
Sludge
3.89 5.35
(ii) Landfilling – ETP Sludge 3,291.46 2,792.93
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited156

[page 124]
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
(iii) Other disposal operations- Buy Back Policy (Battery Waste) 1.43 0.26
Total 3,296.78 2,798.54
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name 
of the external agency. 
No independent assessment or evaluation is being conducted by any external agency currently.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by 
your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices 
adopted to manage such wastes.
 Goodluck India Limited has adopted a structured and environmentally responsible waste management system across its operations. 
The company ensures safe collection, segregation, storage, and disposal of all types of waste, including recyclable materials, through 
a clearly defined process managed by the administration, stores department, and the Recyclable Material Committee (REM). Waste 
is categorized at the source and handled according to its nature, whether general, chemical, or oil based, using designated bins and 
storage areas. Recyclable waste is sold only to authorized vendors who comply with strict Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) 
standards. Regular monitoring, record maintenance, and periodic inspections are conducted to ensure ongoing compliance and 
environmental protection. Additionally, the company emphasizes reducing the use of hazardous and toxic chemicals in its processes 
and implements safe handling and disposal practices to minimize environmental impact.
11.
 If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as  national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental 
approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format: 
S. 
No.
Location of operations/offices Types of operations Whether the conditions of 
environmental approval / 
clearance are being complied 
with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons 
thereof and corrective action 
taken, if any.
The company ensures that it does not operate in ecologically sensitive areas.
12. Details of en vironmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year: 
Name and brief 
details of project
EIA
Notification No.
Date Whether 
conducted by 
independent 
external agency
(Y es / No)
Results 
communicated in 
public
domain  (Y es / 
No)
Relevant Web
link
No Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) was conducted during the current financial year, as there were no projects requiring 
such assessment.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
157Annual Report 2024-25
[page 125]
13. I s the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, and Environment protection act 
and rules thereunder (Y/N).  If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format: 
Serial Number Specify the law 
/ regulation / 
guidelines which was 
not complied with
Provide details of the 
non- compliance
Any fines / penalties 
/ action taken by 
regulatory agencies 
such as pollution 
control boards or by 
courts
Corrective taken, if 
any action
There were no material non-compliances reported in the financial year.
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): 
 For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:  
(i) Name of the area- Not Applicable 
(ii) Nature of operations- Not Applicable
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water Not Applicable Not Applicable
(ii) Groundwater 
(iii) Third party water 
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 
(v) Others  
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) Not Applicable Not Applicable
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover) 
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited158

[page 126]
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
(i) Into Surface water Not Applicable Not Applicable
-No treatment
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
(ii) Into Groundwater 
-No treatment
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
(iii) Into Seawater 
-No treatment
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
(iv) Sent to third-parties  
-No treatment
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
(v) Others 
-No treatment
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)  
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency. 
No independent assessment or evaluation is carried out by any external agency to assess various aspects of our operations, performance or compliance 
with standard regulations.
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Scope 3 emissions 
(Break-up of the GHG into 
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, 
SF6, NF3, if available) 
Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
2,755.72 2,185.23
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent/ Rupee
0.000000094 0.000000062
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (Optional) Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent/ Employee
2.19 2.08
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
159Annual Report 2024-25
[page 127]
3. W ith respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details of 
significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation 
activities.
 The Company ensures that none of its operations or offices are located in ecologically sensitive areas. 
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource 
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same 
as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. 
No.
Initiative 
undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may 
be provided along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Use of renewable 
energy
 
The company procures renewable power 
through open access mechanisms from third-
party sources, achieving a total consumption 
of 3,02,88,044.89 kWh in the reporting year. This 
approach supports the company’s commitment 
to clean energy and reducing reliance on fossil 
fuels.
This initiative has led to a considerable reduction 
in greenhouse gas emissions and strengthened 
the company’s sustainability performance and 
climate responsibility.
Tree Plantation The Company has undertaken large-scale 
plantation drives across different locations. In 
Bulandshahr, 50,000 trees were planted, and 
in Gujarat, 5,000 trees were added to enhance 
green cover and promote biodiversity.
These efforts have supported local ecological 
balance, improved air quality, and contributed 
to carbon sequestration, strengthening the 
Company’s environmental commitment.
Rainwater 
Harvesting Pits
A total of 18 rainwater harvesting pits have been 
constructed to strengthen water conservation 
and facilitate groundwater recharge. An 
investment of Rs. 15,75,000 was made for this 
initiative.
This infrastructure enhances water resource 
sustainability, reduces reliance on external water 
sources, and mitigates the environmental impact 
of industrial water usage.
5.
 Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.  
 The Company has a comprehensive business continuity and disaster management plan with defined protocols and responsibilities. 
Employees are trained to respond to fire incidents by using CO₂, ABC, or foam extinguishers, activating hydrant systems if needed, and 
informing EHS, Security, and external agencies. Flood preparedness includes maintaining drainage systems and testing dewatering 
pumps, while during storms access is restricted, and staff remain indoors. Earthquake measures involve activating the control room, 
ensuring communication, and post-event inspections. In civil unrest, entry points are secured and authorities informed. Responsibilities 
are assigned to Security, EHS, and Admin teams, ensuring swift, safe, and effective response.
6.
 Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation 
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited160

[page 128]
or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard? 
 The Company is mindful of the potential environmental impacts that may arise from its value chain and encourages responsible 
practices among its partners. While no specific adverse impacts have been identified or reported during the reporting period, the 
Company remains committed to ongoing engagement and improvement in environmental performance across its value chain. 
7. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental 
impacts. 
 While the exact percentage of value chain partners assessed for environmental impacts has not yet been quantified, the Company 
has implemented a structured assessment process using a detailed Supplier HSSE Audit Checklist. This includes verification of 
environmental permits, waste management practices, emission and effluent monitoring, ISO 14001 certification, and sustainability 
measures. Supporting documents and on-site visual evidence are reviewed to ensure compliance. This process helps align supplier 
practices with the Company’s environmental standards and mitigates potential risks within the value chain.
8.
 How many Green Credits have been generated or procured? 
a. By the listed entity: Nil
b. By the top ten {in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively} value chain partners: Nil
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
161Annual Report 2024-25
[page 129]
PRINCIPLE 7:  Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent
Essential Indicators 
Leadership Indicators
1. a)   Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
         Goodluck India Limited is affiliated with 4 trade and industry chambers and associates at the national and state level.
 b)  List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) 
the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
S. No Name of the trade and industry chambers/ 
associations
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ associations 
(State/National)
1. Confederation of Indian Industry National
2. Delhi chamber of commerce State 
3. Federation Of Kutch Industries Association (Fokia) State 
4. Ghaziabad management association State 
2.
 Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anticompetitive conduct by the entity, 
based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective active taken
Not applicable, as not corrective action was taken as no adverse orders were issued by any regulatory authorities during the 
financial year 2024-25.
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
Sr. No Public policy 
advocated
Method resorted 
for such 
advocacy
Whether 
information 
available in 
public domain? 
(Y es/No)
Frequency of 
Review by Board 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ Others – please 
specify)
Web Link, If 
available
During the financial year, the company did not participate in advocating any specific public policy positions.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited162

[page 130]
PRINCIPLE 8:  Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
financial year.
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your 
entity, in the following format:
Name and Brief 
details of project
SIA Notification 
No.
Date of 
notification
Whether 
conducted by 
independent 
external agency 
(Y es/No)
Results 
communicated 
in public domain 
(Y es/No)
Relevant Web 
Link
Not Applicable. The company did not undertake any project which required them to conduct a Social Impact Assessment under 
law.
S. No Name of 
Project for 
which R&R is 
ongoing
State District No. pf Project 
Affected 
Families (PAFs)
5 of PAFs 
covered by 
R&R
Amounts paid 
to PAFs in the 
FY (in INR)
Not Applicable as no projects undertaken by the company led to any rehabilitation and resettlement during the financial year.
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
 The company has established a variety of innovative communication channels to enable the community to voice their concerns 
and grievances effectively. Grievances are effectively redressed through a structured grievance redressal mechanism, which 
includes prompt acknowledgment of complaints, thorough investigation, and timely responses. Through its diverse corporate social 
responsibility (CSR) initiatives, the company maintains regular engagement with the community, nurturing strong partnerships 
for mutual growth and development. The progress of these initiatives is closely monitored to ensure transparency and the timely 
resolution of any issues that may emerge.
4.
 Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 4.95 4.14
Directly from within India 99.99 97.95
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
163Annual Report 2024-25
[page 131]
5. Job cr eation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on 
a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost 
Location FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Rural 72.53 69.31
Semi-Urban 0.00 0.00
Urban 23.00 25.18
Metropolitan 4.47 5.51
Essential Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments 
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not applicable as no Social Impact Assessment was conducted.
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as 
identified by government bodies:
S. No State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
Not Applicable as no CSR projects undertaken by the company were conducted in the designated aspirational districts.
3. (a)  Do y ou have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Y es/No)
    Given the nature of the industry, the company has not yet prioritized sourcing from suppliers that represent marginalized or vulnerable 
groups. This is largely due to specific industry requirements and operational constraints that influence procurement practices.
      (b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
    Not applicable 
      (c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
   Not applicable 
4. Details of the b enefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the 
current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
S.No Intellectual Property 
based on traditional 
knowledge
Owned/ Acquired 
(Y es/No)
Benefit shared (Y es 
/ No)
Basis of calculating 
benefit share
Not Applicable
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited164

[page 132]
5. Details of c orrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes 
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective Action taken
Not Applicable
S. No CSR Project No. of persons benefitted from 
CSR projects
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable 
and marginalized groups
1. Animal Welfare Society at large The beneficiaries of the CSR projects 
undertaken by the Company largely 
comprise society at large, it is not 
possible to ascertain the exact 
percentage of beneficiaries belonging 
to vulnerable and marginalized groups.
2. Promoting Healthcare 
3. Promoting Education
4. Eradicating hunger, poverty and 
malnutrition
5. Conservation of natural resources
6. Measures for reducing inequalities
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
165Annual Report 2024-25
[page 133]
PRINCIPLE 9:  Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a 
responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
The company has established a thorough system for handling consumer complaints and feedback. This system includes easily accessible 
communication channels, responsive customer support, and an online portal to facilitate smooth interactions. It ensures prompt 
responses and incorporates an escalation process to address issues effectively and efficiently. Customer feedback is systematically 
analyzed to identify areas for improvement, driving continuous enhancements in products and services. This comprehensive approach 
reflects the company’s strong commitment to customer satisfaction and its dedication to ongoing growth and quality improvement.
2.
 Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
 As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product 100.00
Safe and responsible usage 100.00
Recycling and/or safe disposal 100.00
FY 2024-25 Remarks FY 2023-24 Remarks
Received 
during the 
Y ear
Pending 
resolution 
at end of 
year
Received 
during the 
Y ear
Pending 
resolution 
at end of 
year
Data Privacy Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Advertising Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Cyber-security Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Delivery of essential services Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Restrictive Trade Practices Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Unfair Trade Practices Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
Other Nil Nil None Nil Nil None
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
 Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls Nil NA
Forced recalls Nil NA
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited166

[page 134]
5. Do es the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Y es/No) If available, 
provide a web-link of the policy
 The company has established a comprehensive Cyber Security policy that outlines detailed guidelines for identifying, managing, and 
mitigating cyber security risks. This policy is readily accessible to all employees via the company’s intranet, ensuring that everyone is 
informed and equipped to uphold cybersecurity best practices.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action 
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
 No cor rective action was taken with respect to advertising, delivery of essential services, cyber security and data privacy of the 
customers. Further there were no instances of any product recall and hence no corrective action was taken with respect to it. 
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches:
Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers: 
Nil
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: 
Not Applicable
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
 The company utilizes various platforms, such as its website and media advertisements, to communicate information about its 
products. These channels offer detailed insights into its offerings, enabling consumers to explore and gain a deeper understanding of 
the products and services.
 Official website link- Goodluck India: Leading Manufacturer of Industrial Steel Products
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
 The company has adopted various strategies to educate consumers on the safe use of its products. These include clear labeling, 
comprehensive user manuals, an informative website, proactive customer support, focused awareness campaigns, interactive 
workshops, collaborations with industry organizations, and a responsive feedback system to improve safety protocols. These initiatives 
highlight the company's commitment to ensuring consumers can use its products confidently and safely.
3.
 Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
 The company has established adequate mechanisms in place to duly intimate the consumers of any disruptions or discontinuations 
of essential services via phone calls and email.     
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Y es/No/
Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction 
relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a 
whole? (Y es/No)
 The company adheres to the statutory norms and provides all essential and additional information on the products. It goes beyond 
legal requirements by offering additional information. It also conducts surveys to assess consumer satisfaction with its key products, 
services, and operational sites, using the feedback to drive ongoing improvements.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
167Annual Report 2024-25
[page 135]
APPENDIX: ABBREVIATIONS
Sr. No. Particulars
1. ESG: Environmental, Social and Governance
2. SDG: Sustainable Development Goals
3. GRI: Global Reporting Initiative
4. SEBI: Securities and Exchange Board of India 
5. BRSR: Business Responsibility & Sustainability Reporting 
6. SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
ANNEXURE I – Global Best Practices & ESG Journey of the Organization  
Alignment of BRSR Sections A & B
Section A of BRSR : General Disclosures Alignment with GRI
1. No direct linkage
2. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-1: Organizational details
3. No direct linkage
4. No direct linkage
5. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-1: Organizational details
6. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-3: Reporting period, frequency and contact point
7. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-3: Reporting period, frequency and contact point
8. No direct linkage
9. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-3: Reporting period, frequency and contact point
10. No direct linkage
11. No direct linkage
12. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-3: Reporting period, frequency and contact point
13. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-2: Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting
14 GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-6: Activities, value chain and other business relationships
15. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-6: Activities, value chain and other business relationships
16. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-6: Activities, value chain and other business relationships
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited168

[page 136]
17. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-6: Activities, value chain and other business relationships
18. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-7: Employees
GRI 2-8 Workers who are not employees
19. GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees
20. GRI 401: Employment 2016
GRI 401-1: New employee hires and employee turnover
21. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-2: Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting
22. GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
GRI 201-1: Direct economic value generated and distributed
23. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
GRI 2-25: Processes to remediate negative impacts
24. GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 
GRI 3-1: Process to determine material topics
GRI 3-2: List of material topics
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics a. describe
Section B: Management and Process disclosures
1. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
GRI 2-23: Policy commitments
2. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
(e) 2-24: Embedding policy commitments
3. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
(e) 2-24: Embedding policy commitments
4. No direct linkage
5. GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
6. GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
7. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
GRI 2-22: Statement on sustainable development strategy
8. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
GRI 2-13: Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
9. GRI 2: General Disclosures 
GRI 2-9: Governance structure and composition
10. No direct linkage
11. GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 
GRI 2-5: External assurance
12. No direct linkage
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
169Annual Report 2024-25
[page 137]
Alignment of BRSR Section C30
BRSR GRI SDG
PRINCIPLE 1 - Businesses should 
conduct and govern themselves 
with integrity, and in a manner that is 
ethical, transparent and accountable 
– 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 - Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
GRI 2-17: Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance body
Goal 17: Partnership for the goals
GRI 2-23:  Policy commitments
GRI 2-25: Processes to remediate negative 
impacts
GRI 2-27: Compliance with laws and regulations
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics
GRI 3-3 - Management of material topics
GRI 205 - Anti-corruption
GRI 205-3: Confirmed incidents of corruption and 
actions taken
PRINCIPLE 1 - Businesses should 
conduct and govern themselves 
with integrity, and in a manner that is 
ethical, transparent and accountable 
–  
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 2-10:  Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance body
GRI 2-15: Conflicts of interest
GRI 2-24: Embedding policy commitments
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited170

[page 138]
BRSR GRI SDG
Principle 2 - Businesses should 
provide goods and services in a 
manner that is sustainable and safe – 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 301: Materials 2016 Goal 6: Clean water and sanitation.
GRI 301-2: Recycled input materials used Goal 7 : Affordable & Clean Energy
GRI 3: Management of Material Topics Goal 10 : Reduced Inequality
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics Goal 12 : Responsible Consumption & 
Production
GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste-
related impacts
Goal 13 : Climate Action
Principle 2 - Businesses should 
provide goods and services in a 
manner that is sustainable and safe – 
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics 
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics
GRI 301: Materials 2016
GRI 301-2: Recycled input materials used
GRI 301-3: Reclaimed products and their 
packaging materials
GRI 306-2: Management of significant waste-
related impacts
Principle 3 - Businesses should 
respect and promote the well-being 
of all employees, including those 
in their value chains – ESSENTIAL 
INDICATORS
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 Goal 4 : Quality Education
GRI 201-1: Defined benefit plan obligations and 
other retirement plans
Goal 5 : Gender Equality
GRI 2-25: Processes to remediate negative 
impacts
Goal 8 : Decent Work And Economic 
Growth
GRI 2: General Disclosure 2021 Goal 11: Sustainable cities and 
communities.
GRI 2-30: Collective bargaining agreements Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics 
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics
GRI 401: Employment 2016
GRI 401-2: Benefits provided to full-time 
employees that are not provided to temporary or 
part-time employees
GRI 401-3: Parental leave
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
GRI 403-1: Occupational health and safety 
management system
GRI 403-2: Hazard identification, risk assessment, 
and incident investigation
GRI 403-5: Worker training on occupational 
health and safety
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
171Annual Report 2024-25
[page 139]
BRSR GRI SDG
GRI 403-6: Promotion of worker health
GRI 403-9: Work-related injuries
GRI 403-10: Work-related ill health 
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
GRI 404-1: Average hours of training per year per 
employee
GRI 404-2: Programs for upgrading employee 
skills and transition assistance programs
GRI 404-3: Percentage of employees receiving 
regular performance and career development 
reviews
Principle 3 - Businesses should 
respect and promote the well-being 
of all employees, including those in 
their value chains – LEADERSHIP 
INDICATORS
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
GRI 404-2: Programs for upgrading employee 
skills and transition assistance programs
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics 
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
GRI 414-2: Negative social impacts in the supply 
chain and actions taken
Principle 4 - Businesses should 
respect the interests of and be 
responsive to all its stakeholders – 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 Goal 9 : Industry, Innovation and 
Infrastructure
GRI 2-29: Approach to stakeholder engagement Goal 11 : Sustainable Cities & Communities
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
GRI 3-1: Process to determine material topics
Principle 4 - Businesses should 
respect the interests of and be 
responsive to all its stakeholders – 
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-12: Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impacts 
GRI 2-13: Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics 
GRI 3-1: Process to determine material topics 
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-29: Approach to stakeholder engagement
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited172

[page 140]
BRSR GRI SDG
Principle 5 -  Businesses should 
respect and promote human rights – 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-13: Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
Goal 5 : Gender Equality
GRI 2-19 Remuneration policies a. describe 
the remuneration policies for members of the 
highest governance body and senior executives
Goal 8 : Decent Work And Economic 
Growth
GRI 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
GRI 2-23 Policy commitments
GRI 2-24: Embedding policy commitments
GRI 2-25: Processes to remediate negative 
impacts
GRI 3: Disclosures on material topics 
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
GRI 202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by 
gender compared to local minimum wage
GRI 205: Anti-Corruption 2016
GRI 205-2 Communication and training about 
anti-corruption policies and procedures
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational 
health and safety
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
GRI 404-1 Average hours of training per year per 
employee
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration 
of women to men
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and 
corrective actions taken
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016
GRI 410-1 Security personnel trained in human 
rights policies or procedures
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
173Annual Report 2024-25
[page 141]
BRSR GRI SDG
Principle 5 -  Businesses should 
respect and promote human rights – 
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts 
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-1: Process to determine material topics
GRI 3-3: Management of material topics
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using social criteria 
GRI 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply 
chain and actions taken
Principle 6 - Businesses should 
respect and make efforts to protect 
and restore the environment – 
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 302: Energy 2016 Goal 3 : Good Health & Well Being
GRI 302-1 Energy consumption within the 
organization
GRI 302-3: Energy intensity Goal 6 : Clean Water & Sanitation
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 Goal 7 : Affordable & Clean Energy
GRI 303-1: Interactions with water as a shared 
resource
Goal 12 : Responsible Consumption & 
Production
GRI 303-3: Water withdrawal Goal 13 : Climate Action
GRI 303-5: Water consumption Goal 14: Life below water
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016 Goal 15 : Life on land
GRI 304-1: Operational sites owned, leased, 
managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas 
and areas of high biodiversity value outside 
protected areas
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
GRI 305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 
emissions.
GRI 305-4: GHG emissions intensity
GRI 305-5: Reduction of GHG emissions
GRI 305-7: Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides 
(SOx), and other significant air emissions
GRI 306: Waste 2020
GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste 
related impacts
GRI 306-3 Waste generated
GRI 306-5 Waste directed to disposal
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited174

[page 142]
BRSR GRI SDG
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
GRI 413: Local Communities
GRI 413-1 Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programs
Principle 6 - Businesses should 
respect and make efforts to protect 
and restore the environment – 
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 302: Energy 2016
GRI 302-1: Energy consumption within the 
organization
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
GRI 303-3 Water withdrawal
GRI 303-4 Water discharge
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016
GRI 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, 
products and services on biodiversity
GRI  304-3 Habitats protected or restored
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
GRI 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions
GRI 305-4 GHG emissions intensity
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 
2016
GRI  308-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using environmental criteria
Principle 7 - Businesses, when 
engaging in influencing public 
and regulatory policy, should do 
so in a manner that is responsible 
and transparent – ESSENTIAL 
INDICATORS
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 
2016
Goal 2 : Zero Hunger
GRI  308-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using environmental criteria
Goal 7 : Affordable and clean energy
GRI 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the 
supply chain and actions taken
Goal 10 : Reduced Inequality
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021, Goal 11 : Sustainable cities and 
communities
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics Goal 13 : Climate action
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
175Annual Report 2024-25
[page 143]
BRSR GRI SDG
The organization shall report how it manages 
anti-competitive behaviour
Goal 14 : Life below water
Goal 15 : Life on land
Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
Goal 17: Partnership for the goalsPrinciple 7 - Businesses, when 
engaging in influencing public 
and regulatory policy, should do 
so in a manner that is responsible 
and transparent – LEADERSHIP 
INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2-28 Membership associations
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
The organization shall report how it manages 
anti-competitive behaviour
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
Principle 8 - Businesses should 
promote inclusive growth and 
equitable development – ESSENTIAL 
INDICATORS
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 Goal 2 : Zero Hunger
GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts
Goal 4 : Quality Education
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 Goal 5 : Gender Equality
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics Goal 6 : Clean Water & Sanitation
The organization shall report how it manages 
local communities
Goal 8 : Decent Work And Economic 
Growth
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016 Goal 9: Industry, Innovation and 
Communities.
GRI 204-1 Proportion of spending on local 
suppliers
Goal 11: Sustainable cities and 
communities.
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 Goal 13 : Climate action
GRI 413-1 Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programs
Goal 14 : Life below water
Principle 8 - Businesses should 
promote inclusive growth 
and equitable development – 
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI  3-3 Management of material topics 
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
GRI 413-1 Operations with local community 
engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programs
Goal 15 : Life on land
Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions
Goal 17 : Partnership for the goals
Principle 9 - Businesses should 
engage with and provide value to 
their consumers in a responsible 
manner – ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016 Goal 12 : Responsible Consumption & 
ProductionGRI 417-1 Requirements for product and service 
information and labelling
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited176

[page 144]
BRSR GRI SDG
Principle 9 - Businesses should 
engage with and provide value to 
their consumers in a responsible 
manner – LEADERSHIP 
INDICATORS
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
GRI 417-1 Requirements for product and service 
information and labelling
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3-3 Management of material topics
(i) All SDG mapping done against r espective principles are based on an indicative SDG mapping matrix provided in 
National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct by MCA, GoI
(ii) All the mentions of the GRI™, TCFD™ & UNSDG™ is the intellectual property of respective organisation and copyright of 
all the Logos & ESG Wheel used belong to respective organisations/ institutions
31The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (2018). National Guidelines on responsible business conduct. pg. 48 Available at: https://www.mca.gov.in/Ministry/pdf/
NationalGuildeline_15032019.pdf 
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS:
• The Company has implemented an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption policy to ensure that the business in 
conducted in honest and ethical manner. Further the Human Rights and Labour Practices has imbibed the 
core principles of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, aiming to ensure a safe and 
healthy work environment while prohibiting practices such as child labor, slavery, and bribery.
•
 Robust Policies on equality, discrimination, human rights and good governance are established to 
provide adequate grievance redressal mechanisms. The Company is committed towards the welfare of 
its employees, where it believes to provide equal opportunity for all without any discrimination on the 
grounds of age, gender or caste.
SDG 17: PARTNERSHIPS FOR THE GOALS:
• Environmental Sustainability – Tree Plantation Drive using Miyawaki Method that includes planting native 
tree species in a small area to create a self-sustainable ecosystem. 
• The Company is a member of following trade / business associations: 
1. Confederation of Indian Industry
2. Delhi Chamber of Commerce
3. Federation Of Kutch Industries Association (Fokia)
4. Ghaziabad management association
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
177Annual Report 2024-25
[page 145]
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 231
SDG 6: CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION: 
• The Company has installed rainwater harvesting system by constructing 12 rainwater harvesting pits to 
ensure water conservation. 
• The Company has adopted water efficient technologies and uses ETP treated water or biologically treated 
water for toilets, washing and gardening.
• It is ensured that employees and workplace have proper access clean RO water for drinking.
SDG 7: AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY:
•
 The management has taken conscious effort to integrate energy efficient resources, thus contributing to 
effectively address climate factor.
SDG 8: DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH: 
•
 Medical facility always available at workplace. 
• Regular trainings being conducted on sales, product and DE&I. 
• Educational aid like giving books is provided to under privileged children towards making education 
accessible to all.
SDG 10: REDUCED INEQUALITIES:
•
 The Company has Non-discrimination policy in place.
• All suppliers treated equally including MSMEs.
• Entry ramp, Lift, PWD Toilet and wheel chair provided for differently abled. 
SDG 12: RESPONSIBLE COSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION:
 
•
 Received ISO 14001:2015 – Environmental Management System certification for Bhachau and Bulandshahr 
plants.
• The Company has adopted sustainable consumption practices including steps to recycle waste from 
hazard waste, re-melting of metal scraps, replacement of used batteries and electronics by the supplier, 
and re-using paper for printing.
SDG 13: CLIMATE ACTION: 
• The Company has successfully implemented various initiatives focused on renewable energy to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions. It has collaborated with a third party to utilize renewable energy.
• To support long-term sustainability, the Company encourages its suppliers to adopt similar practices by 
promoting carbon offset projects and conducting climate risk assessments.
• As part of its environmental efforts, the Company actively works to preserve natural resources by planting 
trees in local villages and schools, contributing to a greener, safer, and healthier environment.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited178

[page 146]
SDGs mapped under Principle 332
SDG 14: LIFE BELOW WATER:
• Adoption of scientific effluent treatment and correct method of discharging waste.
SDG 15: LIFE ON LAND:
•
 Tree plantation initiatives / drive with implementing agency to promote ecosystem restoration.
• Improvements in production process to ensure no negative impact on flora fauna.
SDG 4: QUALITY EDUCATION:
•
 Educational aid like giving books is provided to under privileged children towards making education 
accessible to all.
SDG 5: GENDER EQUALITY:
•
 Policies on equal opportunities & on maternity and paternity benefits.
• Inclusion of woman on Board (Key roles).
• Promoting gender diversity. 
• The Company has also devised Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace Policy (“POSH Policy”).
SDG 8: DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH:
•
 Please refer to SDG 8 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
• Further to support employment and skill development, the Company facilitates job placements through 
various ITI institutes and offers opportunities for untrained employees to receive formal training at these 
institutions. Continuous upskilling programs are also in place to enhance employee competencies and 
provide access to learning resources for career growth.
SDG 3: GOOD HEAL TH AND WELL-BEIING:
• Medical insurance is taken for employees.
• Health & safety measures & training 
• Ambulance rooms & OHCs in factories
• Provision of buses/cabs for employees. 
• Subsidized food and clean drinking water is provided to employees.
• Safe, hygienic and health workplace environment is created and fair living wages are paid and employees 
are provided benefits without any discrimination.
• Employee surveys conducted for enhancing well being 
• Financial support to family members of deceased employees
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
179Annual Report 2024-25
[page 147]
SDG 3: GOOD HEAL TH AND WELL-BEIING:
• Please refer to SDG 3 (Point 8) – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
• Both the plants are ISO 45001 certified.
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 433
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 534
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 635
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS:•
•
 Please refer to SDG 16 – that is mentioned above in Principle 1.
SDG 5: GENDER EQUALITY:
•
 Please refer to SDG 5 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS:
•
 Please refer to SDG 16– that is mentioned above in Principle 1.
SDG 5: GENDER EQUALITY:
•
 Please refer to SDG 5 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 16– That is mentioned above in Principle 1.
SDG 11: SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES:
•
 Please refer to SDG 11 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 9: INDUSTRY , INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE:
Please refer to SDG 9 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3
SDG 8: DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 8 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited180

[page 148]
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 736
SDG 2: ZERO HUNGER:
• Please refer to SDG 2– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 7: AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 7 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 10: REDUCED INEQUALITIES:
•
 Please refer to SDG 10 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 7: AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 7 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
• As part of its commitment to achieving sustainability goals, the Company is advancing green energy 
initiatives by integrating solar power into its operations. Currently, 30% of its electricity consumption is 
sourced through third-party solar energy via the national grid, with plans to increase this to 50% through 
the development and installation of its own solar energy project.
SDG 12: RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION:
• Please refer to SDG 12 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2
SDG 13: CLIMATE ACTION: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 3– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 14: LIFE BELOW WATER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 14 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 15: LIFE ON LAND:
•
 Please refer to SDG 15 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 6: CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 6 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
181Annual Report 2024-25
[page 149]
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 837
SDG 11: SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES:
• Please refer to SDG 11 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 13: CLIMATE ACTION: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 3– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 14: LIFE BELOW WATER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 14 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 15: LIFE ON LAND:
•
 Please refer to SDG 15 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS
•
 Please refer to SDG 16 – that is mentioned above in Principle 1.
SDG 17: PARTNERSHIPS FOR THE GOALS: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 17 – that is mentioned above in Principle 1.
SDG 2: ZERO HUNGER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 2– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 4: QUALITY EDUCATION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 4 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3. 
SDG 5: GENDER EQUALITY:
•
 Please refer to SDG 5 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 6: CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 6 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited182

[page 150]
SDG 11: SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES:
• Please refer to SDG 11 - that is mentioned above in Principle 4.
SDGs Mapped Under Principle 938
SDG 12: RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 12 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 13: CLIMATE ACTION: 
•
 Please refer to SDG 3– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 15: LIFE ON LAND:
•
 Please refer to SDG 15 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 17: PARTNERSHIPS FOR THE GOALS:
•
 Please refer to SDG 16 – that is mentioned above in Principle
SDG 9: INDUSTRY , INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE:
•
 Please refer to SDG 9 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 2: ZERO HUNGER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 2– that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 4: QUALITY EDUCATION:
•
 Please refer to SDG 4 – that is mentioned above in Principle 3.
SDG 8: DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH:
•
 Please refer to SDG 8 - that is mentioned above in Principle 5.
SDG 16: PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS:
•
 Please refer to SDG 16 – that is mentioned above in Principle 1
SDG 14: LIFE BELOW WATER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 14 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
183Annual Report 2024-25
[page 151]
UNSDGs in brief:39 
Goal Goal statement
Goal 1 : No Poverty End poverty in all its forms everywhere
Goal 2 : Zero Hunger End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable 
agriculture
Goal 3 : Good Health & Well Being Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages
Goal 4 : Quality Education Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning 
opportunities for all
Goal 5 : Gender Equality Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls
Goal 6 : Clean Water & Sanitation Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all
Goal 7 : Affordable & Clean Energy Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all
Goal 8 : Decent Work & Economic Growth Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive 
employment and decent work for all
Goal 9 : Industry, Innovation and 
Infrastructure
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and 
foster innovation
Goal 10 : Reduced Inequality Reduce inequality within and among countries
Goal 11 : Sustainable Cities & Communities Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable
Goal 12 : Responsible Consumption & 
Production
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns
Goal 13 : Climate Action Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts
Goal 14 : Life below water Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable 
development
Goal 15 : Life on land Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably 
manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt 
biodiversity loss
Goal 16 : Peace & Justice Strong Institutions Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access 
to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels
Goal 17 : Partnerships to achieve the Goal Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for 
sustainable development
SDG 15: LIFE ON LAND:
•
 Please refer to SDG 15 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
SDG 14: LIFE BELOW WATER:
•
 Please refer to SDG 14 – that is mentioned above in Principle 2.
Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
Goodluck India Limited184

[page 152]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
185Annual Report 2024-25
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To The Members of
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone Ind AS financial 
statements of Goodluck India Limited ("the Company"), which 
comprises the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement 
of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as the “standalone financial statements”)
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) 
and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of 
the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March 2025, and its 
profit, total comprehensive income, the changes in equity and its 
cash flows for the year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under 
section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibility for 
the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with 
the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that 
the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial 
statements. 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone 
Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description 
of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled 
the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for 
the audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements section 
of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, 
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to 
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the standalone Ind AS financial statements. The results of our 
audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address 
the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the 
accompanying standalone Ind AS financial statements.
1.
 Property, Plant & Equipment and Capital Work in 
progress
 Valuation and existence of property, plant and equipment 
including assessment of useful lives and residual value.
 Property, plant and equipment represents a significant 
proportion of the Company’s asset base. The estimates and 
assumptions made to determine the carrying amounts, 
including whether and when to capitalize or expense 
certain costs, and the determination of depreciation 
charges are material to the Company’s financial position and 
performance. The charges in respect of periodic depreciation 
are derived after estimating an asset’s expected useful life 
and the expected residual value. Changes to asset’s carrying 
amounts, expected useful lives or residual value could result 
in a material impact on the financial statements and hence 
considered as key audit matter. 
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Our audit procedures included the following:
Our audit approach consisted evaluation of design and 
implementation of controls, and testing the operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls over valuation of property, 
plant and equipment and review of useful lives; Periodic physical 
verification of property, plant and equipment for adequacy 
and appropriateness of the accounting and disclosure by the 
Management: 
 W e obtained an understanding of the Company’s 
capitalization policy and assessed for compliance with the 
relevant accounting standards;
 W e carried out substantive tests on random sampling for all 
the major additions, deletions to the assets by applying all 
the characteristics of capital expenditure, proper classification 
of the same, with reference to the company’s policy and 
accounting standards
[page 153]
Goodluck India Limited186
STANDALONE
 W e obtained an understanding on management assessment 
relating to progress of projects and their intention to bring 
the asset to its intended use. 
 W e obtained certificates relating to useful lives of assets 
where, required.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Director’s Report, Management Discussion 
and Analysis, Corporate Governance Report and Business 
Responsibility Report in the Annual Report but does not include 
the consolidated financial statements, standalone financial 
statements and our auditor’s reports thereon. 
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial 
Statements 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the financial position, financial performance including 
other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of 
the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. This responsibility also 
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the standalone financial statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or 
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence 
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
 Identify and assess the r isks of material misstatement of the 
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
 Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant 
to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Company has adequate internal financial 
controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls.
 E valuate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
 C onclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
[page 154]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
187Annual Report 2024-25
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up 
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
 E valuate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the standalone financial statements represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the Company to express an opinion 
on the standalone financial statements.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work 
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the 
effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial 
statements
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matter 
The standalone financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended 31st March 2024 were audited by the predecessor auditor, 
who have expressed an unmodified opinion on those standalone 
financial statements vide their audit report dated 28th May 2024.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
 As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit.
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law have been kept by the    Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books.
c.
 The Balance Sheet, The Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, the statement 
of Cash Flow and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt 
with by this Report are in agreement with the books of 
account.
d.
 In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial 
statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under section 133 of the Act. 
e.
 On the basis of written representations received from the 
directors as on March 31, 2025, taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the Directors is disqualified as 
on 31st March, 2025, from being appointed as a Director 
in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act. 
f.
 With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in “Annexure A” to this report. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting.
g.
 With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended. In our opinion 
and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
h.
 With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
[page 155]
Goodluck India Limited188
STANDALONE
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, 
in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
(i)
 The Company has disclosed the impact of pending 
litigations on its financial position in its standalone 
Ind AS financial statements.
(ii) The Company has made provision, as required 
under the applicable law or accounting standards, 
for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts.
(iii)
 There has been no delay in transferring amount, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company
(iv)
 (a)     The Management has represented that, to the 
best of it’s knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in Note 38 to the financial statements, no funds 
have been advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed funds or share premium or any 
other sources or kind of funds) by the Company 
to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (b)      The Management has represented, that, to the 
best of it’s knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in Note 38 to the financial statements, no funds 
have been received by the Company from any 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Company shall, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 c.    Based on the audit pr ocedures performed that 
have been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 
11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement.
(v)
 As stated in Note 12 (iii) of the standalone financial 
statements:
 T he final dividend proposed in the previous year, 
declared and paid by the Company during the 
year is in accordance with Section 123 of the Act, 
as applicable
 T he Board of Directors of the Company have 
proposed final dividend for the year which is 
subject to the approval of the members at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of 
dividend proposed is in accordance with section 
123 of the Act, as applicable.
(vi)
 Based on our examination, which included t est 
checks, the Company has used accounting software 
for maintaining its books of account for the financial 
year ended 31 March 2025 which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software’s. Further, 
during the course of our audit we did not come 
across any instance of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with. Further, the audit trail, to the extent 
maintained in the prior year, has been preserved by 
the Company as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
2.
 As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 
("the Order") issued by the Central Government of India 
in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we 
give in ‘Annexure B’ a statement on the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 007171C
Place : GHAZIABAD 
Date  : 22
nd May 2025
(S. AGARWAL)
 Partner
M.NO. 072907
UDIN: 25072907BMJMNV2053
[page 156]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
189Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to paragraph 1(f ) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date) 
Report on the Internal Financial Control Over Financial Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Goodluck India Limited ("the Company") as on March 31, 2025 in 
conjunction with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the company for the year ended on that date. 
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over 
financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and 
the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed 
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
[page 157]
Goodluck India Limited190
STANDALONE
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 007171C
Place : GHAZIABAD 
Date  : 22nd May 2025
(S. AGARWAL)
 Partner
M.NO. 072907
UDIN: 25072907BMJMNV2053
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were 
operating effectively as at 31st March, 2025, based on the criteria for internal financial control over financial reporting established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
[page 158]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
191Annual Report 2024-25
ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory requirement’ section of our report of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that:
1. (a)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of property, 
plant & equipment, capital work-in-progress.
 (b)   The Company has a regular programme for physical verification in phased periodic manner, which, in our opinion is reasonable 
having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its assets. According to the information and explanations given to us, 
no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
 (c)   According to the information and explanations given to us and the record examined by us and based on the examination 
of registered sales deed/ conveyance deed / transfer deed provided to us, we report that the title deeds, comprising all the 
immovable property of land and acquired building which are freehold, are held in the name of the Company as at the balance 
sheet date except leasehold & freehold land pertaining to one subsidiary company amalgamated during fiscal year 2016-17 
having gross block amounting to `100.55 Lakhs.
 (d) The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment during the year.
 (e)  According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, there 
are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property  under the Prohibition of 
Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
2.
 (a)  As explained to us, the inventories were physically verified during the year by the Management at reasonable intervals except for 
inventories lying with third parties where confirmations have been received by the management. In our opinion and based on 
information and explanations given to us, the coverage and procedure of such verification by the Management is appropriate 
having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its operations. No discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for 
each class of inventories were noticed on such physical verification of inventories / alternate procedures performed as applicable, 
when compared with the books of account.
 (b)  According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company, the 
Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of Rs. 5 crores, in aggregate, at points of time during the year, from 
banks and financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the quarterly returns or statements comprising stock and book debt statements, filed by the Company 
with such banks are in agreement with the unaudited books of account of the Company of the respective quarters.
3.
 (a)  The Company has made investments, provided / stood guarantee and granted loans, secured or unsecured and the details of 
which are given below:
(` In Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars Investment Loans Guarantees
1. Aggregate amount granted / provided during the year:
Subsidiaries - 10,396.20 -
Other - 400.00
2. Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases:
Subsidiaries 3,998.33 8,143.11 -
Other 1350.00 839.03
The Company has not provided any security to any other entity during the year.
[page 159]
Goodluck India Limited192
STANDALONE
 (b)  T he investments made, guarantees provided and the terms and conditions of the grant of all the above-mentioned loans, during 
the year are, in our opinion, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
 (c)    The Company has granted loans aggregating `1.20 Lakhs to wholly owned subsidiaries that are interest free and payable on 
demand. The Company has not demanded any repayment during the year. There are no advances in the nature of loan.
 (d)  According to information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures performed, in respect of loans granted 
by the Company, there is no overdue amount remaining outstanding as at the balance sheet date.
 (e)  The Company has granted interest free unsecured loans to its wholly owned subsidiaries which are repayable on demand, details 
of which are as given below:
Aggregate of loans ` 8.11 Lakhs
Percentage of loans to the total loans 0.001%
4. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has complied with the provisions of 
Sections 185 and 186 of the Act in respect of grant of loans, making investments and providing guarantees and securities, as applicable.
5. The Company has not accepted any deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the Act and the Companies (Acceptance of 
deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3 (v) of the order are not applicable to the Company.
6. We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central Government 
for the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and are of the opinion that prima facie, the 
specified accounts and records have been made and maintained. We have not, however, made a detailed examination of the same.
7. According to the information and explanations given to us, in respect of statutory dues:
(a)  The Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees’ state 
insurance, Income tax, goods and service tax, duty of customs and any other material statutory dues applicable to it with appropriate 
authorities.
(b)  
   There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of provident fund, employees’ state insurance, Income tax, goods and 
service tax, duty of customs and any other material statutory dues in arrears as at 31st March, 2025 for a period of more than six 
months from the date they became payable. 
(c)
 According to the records of the Company, the dues outstanding of income-tax, sales-tax, goods and service tax, service tax, duty of 
custom, duty of excise, value added tax and cess on account of any dispute, are as follows :
Name of the Statute Forum where dispute is 
pending
Financial Y ear to which 
the amount relates
Total Amt. (` In Lakhs)
Central Excise Act CESTAT 2013-14 to 2014-15 2.21
Goods & Service Tax Act GST (Appeal) 2019-20 2.96
Income Tax Act CIT (Appeal) F.Y. 2021-22 99.14
8.
 There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed as income in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year.
9. (a)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has not defaulted in repayment of 
loans or borrowings to the banks and financial institutions.
 (b)  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government 
authority.
 (c)  To the best of our knowledge and belief, in our opinion, term loans availed by the Company were, applied by the Company during 
the year for the purposes for which the loans were obtained
[page 160]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
193Annual Report 2024-25
 ( d)   On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima facie, not 
been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
 (e)   On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or 
person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, an associate or a joint venture
 (f )  The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries or joint ventures or associate 
companies.
10. (a)  The Company has not raised any money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) during 
the year. Accordingly, the reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (b)    According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has made private placement of shares during the year 
under review.
  In respect of the above issue, we further report that:
    (i)   the requirement of Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable, have been complied with; and
     (ii)    the amounts raised have been applied by the Company during the year for the purposes for which the funds were raised.
11. (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us, no material fraud by the company or on the company by its officers 
or employees has been noticed or reported during the course of our audit. 
 (b)   To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT 
4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and 
upto the date of this report.
 (c)   As explained to us, during the year no whistle blower complaints received by the Company.
12. In our opinion, the Company is not a nidhi company. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xii) of the order are not applicable 
13. According to the information and explanations given to us, the transactions with the related parties are in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act 2013 where applicable and details have been disclosed in the notes to the standalone financial 
statements, as required by the applicable accounting standards.
14.
 (a)  In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its business. 
  (b)    We have considered, the internal audit reports issued to the Company during the year and covering the period upto March 2025.
15. In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with any of its directors or directors of it’s 
subsidiaries, an associate company and a joint venture or persons connected with such directors and hence provisions of section 192 
of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
16.
 (a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, 
reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve 
Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable.
17. The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the immediately preceding financial year.
18. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.
19. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other 
information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans and based on 
our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any 
material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at 
the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that 
this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date 
[page 161]
Goodluck India Limited194
STANDALONE
of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from 
the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
20. (a)  The Company has fully spent the required amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and there are no unspent CSR 
amount for the year requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act or special account in compliance 
with the provision of sub section (6) of section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xx) of the Order is not 
applicable for the year.
 (b)   The Company does not have any ongoing project in respect to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as at the end of the previous 
financial year and also at the end of the current financial year. Hence, reporting under this clause is not applicable for the year.
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 007171C
Place : GHAZIABAD 
Date  : 22
nd May 2025
(S. AGARWAL)
 Partner
M.NO. 072907
UDIN: 25072907BMJMNV2053
[page 162]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
195Annual Report 2024-25
BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH 2025
Particulars Note No. As at  
31.03.2025
As at  
31.03.2024 
A  ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment 4(a)  78,263.07  50,487.89 
(b) Capital Work in Progress 4(b)  3,182.31  7,229.82 
(c) Financial assets
(i) Investment in subsidiaries 5 (i)  3,998.33  4,094.85 
(ii) Investment (Unquoted) 5 (iii)  1,350.00  350.00 
(d) Other non-current assets 6  594.10  684.32 
Total - Non current assets  87,387.81  62,846.88 
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  62,679.77  60,917.49 
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Investment (Quoted) 5 (ii)  19.22  11.41 
(ii) Trade receivables 8  51,950.84  35,115.66 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 9  60.71  54.10 
(iv) Other balances with banks 10  2,524.90  10,517.41 
(c) Other current assets 11  29,031.98  20,980.94 
Total - Current assets  1,46,267.42  1,27,597.01 
 TOTAL - ASSETS  2,33,655.23  1,90,443.89 
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    
(3) Equity
(a) Equity share capital 12  654.77  635.48 
(b) Other equity 13  1,20,444.42  1,01,361.96 
Total - Equity  1,21,099.19  1,01,997.44 
(4) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 14  16,229.02  10,386.84 
(b) Provisions 15  1,051.95  850.67 
(c) Deffered tax liabilities (net) 16  3,915.94  3,631.22 
Total - Non current liabilities  21,196.91  14,868.73 
(5) Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 17  67,603.85  51,179.09 
(ii) Trade payables 18  11,623.52  13,719.50 
(b) Provisions 19  -    1,213.59 
(c) Other current liabilities 20  12,131.76  7,465.54 
Total - Current liabilities  91,359.13  73,577.72 
TOTAL - EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  2,33,655.23  1,90,443.89 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNV2053
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements.
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 163]
Goodluck India Limited196
STANDALONE
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED ON 31ST MARCH 2025
Particulars Note No. Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025
Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
I Revenue from operations 21  3,93,589.06  3,52,477.58 
II Other Income 22  2,992.58  1,024.77 
III Total income  3,96,581.64  3,53,502.35 
IV Expenses
(a) Cost of raw materials consumed 23  2,82,227.53  2,64,108.98 
(b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, work-in-progress 
and Stock-in-trade
24  3,498.10  (5,877.79)
(c) Employee Benefit Expenses 25  17,851.39  15,163.80 
(d) Finance Cost 26  8,025.23  7,774.70 
(e) Depreciation & Amortization Expenses 27  4,494.53  3,529.08 
(f ) Other Expenses 28  58,926.04  50,813.96 
Total expenses  3,75,022.82  3,35,512.73 
V Profit before exceptional item & tax (III - IV)  21,558.82  17,989.62 
VI Exceptional Items
VII Profit/(loss) before tax (V-VI)  21,558.82  17,989.62 
VIII Tax Expenses
Income tax for previous year  24.40  (10.73)
Current Tax  5,076.09  4,543.27 
Deferred Tax  284.72  403.10 
IX Profit for the years (VII-VIII)  16,173.61  13,053.98 
X Other Comprehensive Income for the period 
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  -    -   
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be 
reclassified to profit or loss
 -    -   
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -    -   
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified 
to profit or loss
 -    -   
Total Other Comprehaensive Income  -    -   
XI Total Comprehensive income for the year  16,173.61  13,053.98 
XII Earnings per share
Basic and Diluted 30  49.71  45.92 
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements.
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNV2053
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
[page 164]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
197Annual Report 2024-25
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
Description    Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024 
A. Cash Flow from operating activities:
Net Profit before tax as per Profit & Loss Account  21,558.82  17,989.62 
Adjustment for:
Depreciation  4,494.53  3,529.08 
(Profit)/ Loss on Sale of tangible Assets  13.29  (5.70)
Interest Income  (670.03)  (601.13)
Unrealised Exchange loss (Gain)  (262.14)  (332.85)
Bad debts written off  -    16.52 
Loss (Gain) on investment  (1,401.29)  (15.27)
Finance Cost  8,025.23  7,774.70 
Operating Profit before working capital changes  31,758.41  28,354.97 
Adjustment for:
Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade payable  (2,095.98)  944.49 
Increase/ (Decrease) in other payable  4,867.50  87.92 
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (1,762.28)  (8,906.83)
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade receivable  (16,835.18)  (46.25)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other receivable  8,432.47  (16,168.21)
Cash Generated from Operating Activities  24,364.94  4,266.09 
Taxes Paid  (5,678.60)  (4,518.71)
Net Cash Flow From Operating Activities TOTAL (A)  18,686.34  (252.62)
B. Cash flow from Investing Activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant & equipment  (28,280.72)  (17,608.93)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant & equipment  45.24  135.14 
Sale of Investments in equity shares of subsidiary  100.00  (4,001.00)
Investment in Unquoted Shares  (1,000.00)  -   
Investment in Mutual Funds  (10.00)  -   
Gain on investment  1,400.00  -   
Interest received  670.03  601.13 
Net Cash used in Investing Activities TOTAL (B)  (27,075.45)  (20,873.66)
C. Cash flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of Equity Shares & Warrants  3,255.54  30,300.87 
Payment related to Share issue expenses  -    (998.85)
Proceeds from short term borrowings  15,549.10  1,564.95 
Loan & Advances Given to Subsidiaries  (8,143.11)  -   
Loan & Advances refunded by Subsidiaries  4.43  -   
Proceeds from long term borrowings (net)  7,077.61  (106.51)
Proceeds from Unsecured Loans (net)  (354.58)  354.44 
Interest Paid  (8,030.41)  (7,785.52)
Dividend Paid  (962.86)  (2,179.74)
Net Cash Flow from Financing Activies TOTAL (C)  8,395.72  21,149.64 
Net increase in cash and cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  6.61  23.36 
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 165]
Goodluck India Limited198
STANDALONE
Description    Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024 
Cash and cash equivalents  at the beginning of the year  54.10  30.74 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  60.71  54.10 
1. The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the "Indirect Method" as set out in Ind AS-7.
2. Figures in bracket indicate Cash Outflow.
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNV2053
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 166]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
199Annual Report 2024-25
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
(` in lakhs)
(` in lakhs)
Equity Shares of ` 2/- each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of Shares Amount
As at April 1, 2023  2,72,56,250  545.13 
Issued during the year  45,17,659  90.35 
As at March, 31 2024  3,17,73,909  635.48 
Issued during the year  9,64,600  19.29 
As at March, 31 2025  3,27,38,509  654.77 
B. Other Equity
 Share 
Warrant 
Pending 
Allotment 
Capital 
Reserve 
Share 
Premium 
General 
Reserve 
 Retained 
Earnings  OCI  Total Equity 
As at April 1, 2023  2,068.80  2,537.81  11,521.43  3,762.44  41,475.94  -    61,366.42 
Profit for the year  -    -    -    13,053.98  -    13,053.98 
Share Warrant Money Received  3,700.87  3,700.87 
Other Comprehensive Income  -    -    -    -    -   
Conversion of share warrants into 
equity shares
 (3,934.50)  30,444.14  26,509.64 
Share issue expense  -    (998.85)  (998.85)
On share issued during the year  -    -   
Total Comprensive income  1,835.17  2,537.81 40,966.72  3,762.44  54,529.92  -   1,03,632.06 
-Dividend on equity Shares  -    -    -    2,270.10  -    2,270.10 
As at April 1, 2024  1,835.17  2,537.81 40,966.72  3,762.44  52,259.82  -   1,01,361.96 
Profit for the year  -    -    -    16,173.61  -    16,173.61 
Share Warrant Money Received  3,255.53  3,255.53 
Other Comprehensive Income  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Conversion of share warrants into 
equity shares
 (4,340.70)  4,321.41  (19.29)
Share issue expense  -    -    -   
Total Comprensive income  750.00  2,537.81 45,288.13  3,762.44  68,433.43  -   1,20,771.81 
-Dividend on equity Shares  -    -    -    327.39  -    327.39 
As at March 31, 2025  750.00  2,537.81 45,288.13  3,762.44  68,106.04  -   1,20,444.42 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNV2053
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 167]
Goodluck India Limited200
STANDALONE
1. C OMPANY OVERVIEW
 Goodluck India Limited (‘The Company’) is engaged in the 
business of manufacture and sale of engineering product i.e. 
heavy engineered structure, transmission and distribution 
tower, CDW Tubes, Precision Tubes, Pipes, Sheets and forged 
engineering products at its manufacturing facilities located 
at Sikandrabad Industrial Area and Dadri in Uttar Pradesh and 
Kutch in Gujarat. 
 Goodluck India Limited is a public limited company, 
incorporated on November 06, 1986 and is listed on BSE Ltd 
and NSE Ltd.  
2.
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
 Standalone F inancial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under the section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time) and 
presentation requirement of Division II of Schedule III of the 
Companies Act 2013, (Ind AS Compliant Schedule III), as 
applicable to standalone financial statement.
 Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Standalone 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet 
as at 31 March, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the 
Statements of Cash Flows and the Statement of Changes in 
Equity for the year ended 31 March, 2025, and accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (together 
hereinafter referred to as “Standalone Financial Statements” or 
“financial statements”).
 These financial statements have been approved by the Board 
of Directors in the meeting held on 22nd May 2025. 
B. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the accounting policies, set out below and were 
consistently applied to all periods presented unless otherwise 
stated. 
 The financial statements have been prepared on a going 
concern basis using historical cost convention and on an 
accrual method of accounting, except for certain financial 
assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value as 
explained in the accounting policies below. 
 Company’s financial statements are presented in Indian 
Rupees (`), which is also its functional currency.  
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
C. PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net 
of recoverable taxes, trade discount and rebates less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. 
Such cost includes purchase price, borrowing cost and any 
cost directly attributable to bringing the assets to its working 
condition for its intended use, net charges on foreign 
exchange contracts and adjustments arising from exchange 
rate variations attributable to the assets. 
 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount 
or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when 
it is probable that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the entity and the cost can be measured 
reliably. 
 Expenses incurred relating to project, net of income earned 
during the project development stage prior to its intended 
use, are considered as pre - operative expenses and disclosed 
under Capital Work - in - Progress.
 The gain or loss arising on disposal of an item of property, 
plant and equipment is determined as the difference 
between sale proceeds and carrying value of such item, and 
is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided 
using straight line method based on useful life of the assets 
as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.
D.
 INVENTORY
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable 
value except in case of waste and scrap which are valued at 
net realizable value. 
 Cost of raw material includes cost of purchase and other costs 
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition. Cost of finished goods and work in progress 
include cost of direct materials and labour and a proportion 
of manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating 
capacity but excluding borrowing costs. 
E.
 REVENUE RECOGNITION
 The Company recognises revenue when control over the 
promised goods or services is transferred to the customer 
at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the 
Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods 
or services.
 Revenue is adjusted for variable consideration such as 
discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, 
incentives, or other similar items in a contract when they 
are highly probable to be provided. The amount of revenue 
[page 168]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
201Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
excludes any amount collected on behalf of third parties. 
In contracts where freight is arranged by the Company 
and recovered from the customers, the same is treated as a 
separate performance obligation and revenue is recognised 
when such freight services are rendered.
 Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is 
probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, using effective interest 
rate. 
 The Company does not expect to have any contracts where 
the period between the transfer of the promised goods or 
services to the customer and payment by the customer 
exceeds one year. As a consequence, the Company does 
not adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of 
money.
F.
 EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS
 Employee benefits include provident fund, employee state 
insurance scheme, gratuity, compensated absences and 
performance incentives.
 Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits 
 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans 
are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered 
service entitling them to the contributions.
 A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier 
of when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of the 
termination benefit and when the entity recognises any 
related restructuring costs.
 Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in 
respect of wages and salaries and annual leave in the year the 
related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of 
the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for that service
 Liabilities r ecognised in respect of short-term employee 
benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount of the 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the related 
service
 Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee 
benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated 
future cash outflows expected to be made by the Company 
in respect of services provided by employees up to the 
reporting date.
 The cost of the defined benefit plans and the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation (‘DBO’) are based on 
actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method. 
An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, future 
salary increases and mortality rates. Due to the complexities 
involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined 
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these 
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting 
date.
G.
 BORROWING COSTS
 Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition or 
construction of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the 
cost of such assets. A qualifying asset is one that necessarily 
takes substantial period of time to get ready for its intended 
use. All other borrowing costs are charged to Profit and Loss 
account.
H.
 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
 The functional currency of the Company is determined on 
the basis of the primary economic environment in which it 
operates. The functional currency of the Company is Indian 
Rupee (`). 
 The transactions in currencies other than the entity's 
functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised 
at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary 
items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at 
the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried 
at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are 
retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the 
fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are 
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
not retranslated. 
 Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
I. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
1. Financial Assets 
I. Initial recognition and measurement
 All financial assets are initially recognized at fair value. 
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets, which are not at fair 
value are adjusted through profit or loss on initial 
recognition. Purchase and sale of financial assets are 
recognised using trade date accounting.
[page 169]
Goodluck India Limited202
STANDALONE
II. Subsequent measurement
i) Financial assets carried at amortised cost 
(AC) 
 A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it 
is held within a business model whose objective 
is to hold the asset in order to collect contractual 
cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash 
flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
ii) 
 Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 A financial asset is measur ed at FVTOCI if it is 
held within a business model whose objective 
is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding. 
iii) 
 Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss (FVTPL)
 A financial asset which is not classified in an y of 
the above categories are measured at FVTPL. 
III. Investment in subsidiaries
 The Company has accounted for its investments in 
subsidiaries at Fair Value. 
IV. Impairment of financial assets
 The Company assesses on a forward looking basis 
the expected credit losses associated with its assets 
carried at amortised cost and FVOCI debt instruments. 
The impairment methodology applied depends 
on whether there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk.
2.
 Financial liabilities 
I. Initial recognition and measurement
 All financial liabilities are recognized at fair value and 
in case of loans, net of directly attributable cost. Fees 
of recurring nature are directly recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost.
II.
 Subsequent measurement
 Financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost using 
the effective interest method. For trade and other 
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
payables maturing within one year from the balance 
sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair 
value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
3.
 Derivative financial instruments 
 The Company uses various derivative financial 
instruments such as interest rate swaps, currency swaps 
and forwards contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in 
interest rates, exchange rates. Such derivative financial 
instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the 
date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are 
also subsequently measured at fair value. Derivatives are 
carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive 
and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
 Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value 
of derivatives are taken directly to Statement of Profit and 
Loss. 
4.
 Derecognition of financial instruments 
 The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the 
transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. 
A financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognized from the Company's Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. 
J.
 LITIGATION
 The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims 
which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The 
Company’s management does not reasonably expect 
that these legal actions when ultimately concluded and 
determined will have a material and adverse affect on the 
Company’s result of operations or financial condition.
K.
 TAXATION
 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently 
payable and deferred tax.
 Current tax
 Current tax is the amount of tax payable based on the taxable 
profit for the year as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 Deferred tax
 Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial 
statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the 
computation of taxable profit. 
[page 170]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
203Annual Report 2024-25
 T he carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that 
it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be 
available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates 
that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability 
is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
end of the reporting period. 
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a 
legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to 
the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
L.
 PROVISIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND 
CONTINGENT ASSETS 
 Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions 
are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, 
when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When 
discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the 
passage of time is recognized as a finance cost. 
 A contingent liabilit y is a possible obligation that arises 
from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events beyond the control of the Company or a present 
obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare 
cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized 
because it cannot be measured reliably. The Company does 
not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence 
in the Balance Sheet.
 Contingent assets are not recognized but disclosed in the 
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
financial statements when an inflow of economic benefit is 
probable.
M.
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT 
 Cash and cash equivalent in the Balance Sheet comprise cash 
at banks and in hand.
N. EARNING PER SHARE
 Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the profit 
/ (loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year is 
adjusted for treasury shares, bonus issue, bonus element in 
a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse 
share split (consolidation of shares). 
3.
 CRITICAL ESTIMATION AND JUDGEMENTS
 The preparation of financial statements requires the use 
of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom 
equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise 
judgement in applying the company’s accounting policies.
 This note provides an overview of the areas that involved 
a higher degree of judgement or complexity, and of items 
which are more likely to be materially adjusted due to 
estimates and assumptions turning out to be different than 
those originally assessed. Detailed information about each of 
these estimates and judgements is included in relevant notes 
together with information about the basis of calculation for 
each affected line item in the financial statements.
 The areas involving critical estimates or judgements are:
 - Estimation of current tax expense and payable – Note 16 (i)
 - Estimation of defined benefit obligation – Note 15
 -  Recognition of deferred tax assets for carried forward tax 
losses – Note 16 (ii)
 Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. 
They are based on historical experience and other factors, 
including expectations of future events that may have a 
financial impact on the company and that are believed to be 
reasonable under the circumstances.
[page 171]
Goodluck India Limited204
STANDALONE
4 (a).  Property, Plant and equipment
(` in lakhs)
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Leasehold 
Land
 Freehold 
Land
 Factory 
Building 
 Office 
Building 
 Plant & 
Machinery 
Furniture 
& fixture 
 Office 
equipment 
Computer  Vehicle  Total  Capital 
work-in-
progress 
Cost/Deemed cost as at April 1, 2024  856.96  4,967.91 14,324.97  277.92  44,974.59  3,083.52  396.77  351.29 2,079.17  71,313.10  7,229.82 
Additions  -    610.82  6,686.53  -    21,687.44  2,332.41  93.83  468.42  448.78  32,328.23  22,687.37 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    90.73  -    -    -    78.79  169.52  26,734.88 
Cost/Deemed cost as at  
March 31st, 2025 
 856.96  5,578.73 21,011.50  277.92  66,571.30  5,415.93  490.59  819.71 2,449.16 1,03,471.81  3,182.31 
Accumulated depriciation as at April 1, 
2024 
 -    -    2,080.86  30.12  16,476.66  941.72  276.17  238.62  781.06  20,825.21  -   
Charge for the period  -    -    511.59  4.52  3,251.02  310.56  44.31  124.61  247.92  4,494.53  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    48.43  -    -    -    62.57  111.00  -   
Accumulated depriciation as at  
March 31, 2025 
 -    -    2,592.45  34.65  19,679.24  1,252.29  320.49  363.22  966.40  25,208.74  -   
Net Carrying value as at  
March 31, 2025 
 856.96  5,578.73 18,419.06  243.26  46,892.06  4,163.63  170.10  456.48 1,482.76  78,263.07  3,182.31 
Particulars Leasehold 
Land
 Freehold 
Land
 Factory 
Building 
 Office 
Building 
 Plant & 
Machinery 
Furniture 
& fixture 
 Office 
equipment 
Computer  Vehicle  Total  Capital 
work-in-
progress 
Cost/Deemed cost as at  
April 1, 2023
 856.96  2,445.16  9,591.48  269.88  39,365.93  2,288.48  345.22  283.42 1,965.31  57,411.84  3,704.76 
Additions  -    2,522.75  4,733.49  8.04  5,608.66  795.04  51.55  67.87  296.46  14,083.86  6,951.97 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    182.60  182.60  3,426.91 
Cost/Deemed cost as at  
March 31st, 2024 
 856.96  4,967.91 14,324.97  277.92  44,974.59  3,083.52  396.77  351.29 2,079.17  71,313.10  7,229.82 
Accumulated depriciation as at 
April 1, 2023
 -    -    1,749.51  25.72  13,802.26  736.50  235.44  185.22  614.64  17,349.29  -   
Charge for the period  -    -    331.35  4.40  2,674.40  205.22  40.73  53.40  219.58  3,529.08  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    53.16  53.16  -   
Accumulated depriciation as 
at March 31, 2024 
 -    -    2,080.86  30.12  16,476.66  941.72  276.17  238.62  781.06  20,825.21  -   
Net Carrying value as at  
March 31, 2024
 856.96  4,967.91 12,244.11  247.80  28,497.93  2,141.80  120.60  112.67 1,298.11  50,487.89  7,229.82 
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 172]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
205Annual Report 2024-25
4 (c) (i) Title deeds of immovable property not held in the name of the company
Particulars Property, Plant & Equipment
Description of item of property Land
Gross carrying value `100.55 Lakhs
Title deeds held in the name of Masterji Metalloys Pvt Ltd.
Whether title deed holder is a promoter, director or relative of 
promoter / director or employee of promoter / director
N.A.
Property held since which date 29.08.2016
Reason for not held in the name of the company With respect to the order of Hon'ble High Court of Delhi 
approving the scheme of amalgamation , the Company is in the 
process of getting the title deed in its name.
ii) The title deeds of leasehold Land are duly registered with appropriate authorities.
5. INVESTMENTS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(i) Investment  in Subsidiary (Unquoted)
Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited. : 
3,90,10,000 equity shares of `10/- each fully paid up
(March 31, 2024-  4,00,10,000) 
 3,901.00  4,001.00 
Goodluck Infrapower Pvt Ltd :
50,000 eauity shares of `10/- each fully paid up 
(March 31, 2024-  50,000) 
 97.33  93.85 
GLS Steel India Ltd. :
50,000 equity shares of `2/- each fully paid up
(March 31, 2024-  50,000) 
 0.00
*  0.00* 
GLS Engineering India Ltd. : 
50,000 equity shares of `2/- each fully paid up
(March 31, 2024-  50,000) 
 0.00
*  0.00* 
GLS Metallics India Ltd. :
50,000 equity shares of `2/- each fully paid up
(March 31, 2024-  50,000) 
 0.00
*  0.00* 
* represents ` 1
 3,998.33  4,094.85 
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
< 1 Y ear  1-2 
Y ears 
 1-2 
Y ears 
 > 3 
Y ears  Total < 1 Y ear  1-2 Y ears  1-2 
Y ears 
 > 3 
Y ears  Total 
At cost / deemed cost
Project in progress
Structure & Pipe division at 
Gujarat
 64.23  -    -    -    64.23  212.58  -    -    -    212.58 
CDW Plant at Sikandrabad  2,742.52  -    -    -    2,742.52  5,347.75  -    -    -    5,347.75 
Others  375.56  -    -    -    375.56  1,669.49  -    -    -    1,669.49 
 3,182.31  -    -    -    3,182.31  7,229.82  1,373.58  -    -    7,229.82 
 4 (b).  Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) 
[page 173]
Goodluck India Limited206
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(ii) Other Investment (quoted)
Investment in Mutual Fund  19.22  11.41 
 19.22  11.41 
(iii) Investment (Unquoted)
Investment in Lone Cypress Venture Pvt Ltd.
35,00,000 equity shares of `10/- each fully paid up 
(March 31, 2024 - 35,00,000) 
 350.00  350.00 
Investment in A-One Steel & Alloys Pvt. Ltd.
4,00,000 equity shares of `10/- each fully paid up 
(March 31, 2024 - NIL) 
 1,000.00  -   
 1,350.00  350.00 
TOTAL:  5,367.55  4,456.26 
The investment in subsidiaries (unquoted) and investment in mutual fund (quoted) has been accounted for at fair value.
The cost of investment in unquoted equity instruments has been considered as an appropriate estimate of fair value because of a wide 
range of possible fair value measurements and cost represents the best estimate of fair value within that range represents the best estimate 
of fair value within that range.
6. OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(Unsecured, unconfirmed, Considered good)   
Security Deposits  594.10  684.32 
TOTAL:  594.10  684.32 
7. INVENTORIES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at   
31.03.2024
(As taken, valued and certified by the management)
(At lower of cost and net realizable value unless stated otherwise)
Raw Materials    24,297.05  19,221.25 
Work-in-progress  11,482.09  13,890.68 
Finished Goods      25,011.91  26,101.41 
Stores, Spares & Packing Materials       1,888.72  1,704.15 
TOTAL:  62,679.77  60,917.49 
8. TRADE RECEIVABLES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Unsecured and Considered good  51,950.84  35,115.66 
TOTAL:  51,950.84  35,115.66 
Trade receivables includes due from Subsidiaries ` 1387.19 lakhs (March 31, 2024- Nil)
Trade receivables are netted with Bill discounting of ` 16143.78 lakhs (March 31, 2024- ` 11457.42 lakhs)
[page 174]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
207Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Outstanding for following periods from invoice date Unsecured Total
 Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months*  -    44,735.83  44,735.83 
 6 months - 1 year  -    4,682.54  4,682.54 
 1 year - 2 year  -    1,564.89  1,564.89 
 2 year - 3 year  -    410.20  410.20 
 More than 3 years  188.97  368.41  557.38 
 Net Debtors  188.97  51,761.87  51,950.84 
Outstanding for following periods from invoice date Unsecured Total
 Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months*  -    31,898.46  31,898.46 
 6 months - 1 year  -    1,285.00  1,285.00 
 1 year - 2 year  -    1,127.56  1,127.56 
 2 year - 3 year  -    222.03  222.03 
 More than 3 years  196.20  386.41  582.61 
 Net Debtors  196.20  34,919.46  35,115.66 
*Including unbilled trade receivables of ` 1817.77 Lakhs.
Ageing of Trade Receivables as on 31st March, 2024
* Including unbilled trade receivables of ` 99.22 Lakhs .
Before accepting any new customer, the Company uses an external credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality 
and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed once a year.
The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over the balances of trade receivables.
Trade receivables hypothecated as security against borrowings.
In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Company considers any change in the credit quality of the trade receivable from 
the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the 
customer base is large and unrelated.
Ageing of Trade Receivables as on 31st March, 2025
9. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT
Description  As at 
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Cash in hand  42.82  49.10 
Unrestricted Balances with banks  17.89  5.00 
TOTAL:  60.71  54.10 
10. OTHER BALANCES WITH BANKS
Description  As at 
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Margin money deposits (lodged against bank guarantee, letter of credits and other 
credit facilities)
 2,503.92  2,383.82 
Earmarked balances in unclaimed dividend accounts  20.98  20.08 
QIP Monitoring Accounts  -    8,113.51 
TOTAL:  2,524.90  10,517.41 
[page 175]
Goodluck India Limited208
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
11. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
 31.03.2024
(Unsecured, unconfirmed, Considered good)   
Advances to supplier  10,238.87  6,743.65 
Capital Advances  3,539.82  5,632.16 
Prepaid Expenses  678.39  555.51 
Loan to Susidiaries (Refer to note 32)  8,143.11  11.34 
Others  2,219.38  2,953.36 
Assets for foreign currency forward contract  73.58  167.93 
Export benefits and entitlements  592.20  439.22 
Tax balances /recoverable/ credits  3,546.63  4,477.77 
TOTAL:  29,031.98  20,980.94 
12. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL 
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Authorised Capital
14,62,50,000 Equity Shares of  `2/- each  
(14,62,50,000 equity shares as at March 31, 2024 )  2,925.00  2,925.00 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid -up capital
3,27,38,509 Equity Shares of  ` 2/- each  
(3,17,73,909 equity shares as at March 31, 2024)  654.77  635.48 
TOTAL:  654.77  635.48 
The Company has a single class of equity shares. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held.
  
The company issued 11,00,000 Equity shares on 09.11.2023 at ` 600/- each at a premium of  ` 598/- per share .   
The company has issued 12,90,000 Equity shares on 06.01.2024 against Convertible Share Warrants at  ` 305/- each at a premium of ` 303/- 
per share.   
The company has issued 21,27,659 Equity shares on 17.01.2024 on QIP basis at ` 940/- each at a premium of  ` 938/- per share. 
The company has issued 9,64,600 Equity shares on 17.06.2024 against Convertible Share Warrants at  ` 450/- each at a premium of ` 448/- 
per share. 
(i) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the company :
Name of Shareholder
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024
No. of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
(ii) Details of shareholdings by the promoter/ promoter Group :    
Name of Shareholder
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024  % Changes 
during the year No. of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
 ANIL KUMAR & SONS HUF   39,000 0.12  39,000 0.12  -   
 ANJU GARG  4,06,992 1.24  4,06,992 1.28  -   
 ANKITA AGARWAL  5,36,064 1.64  4,66,314 1.47  14.96 
 ARCHANA AGARWAL  5,38,365 1.64  5,38,365 1.69  -   
 ASHISH GARG  11,31,637 3.46  3,07,300 0.97  268.25 
[page 176]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
209Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of Shareholder
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024  % Changes 
during the year No. of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
 ASHISH KUMAR GARG & SONS HUF  78,938 0.24  78,938 0.25  -   
 AVRUMS INDIA PVT LTD  1,61,000 0.49  -   0.00  100.00 
 BHAVYA GARG  3,77,700 1.15  3,77,700 1.19  -   
 DHRUV AGGARWAL  1,67,000 0.51  1,67,000 0.53  -   
 HARSH GARG  70,000 0.21  70,000 0.22  -   
 KANAK LATA  3,25,415 0.99  3,25,415 1.02  -   
 M C GARG AND SONS HUF   1,72,500 0.53  1,72,500 0.54  -   
 MAHESH CHANDRA GARG  3,77,250 1.15  3,77,250 1.19  -   
 MANISH GARG  9,21,457 2.81  8,38,107 2.64  9.95 
 MANISH GARG AND SONS HUF  1,27,708 0.39  1,27,708 0.40  -   
 MITHLESH GARG  7,15,000 2.18  7,15,000 2.25  -   
 MUNNILAL & SONS HUF  2,34,092 0.72  2,34,092 0.74  -   
 NEETA GARG  6,75,770 2.06  6,75,770 2.13  -   
 NITIN GARG  14,86,750 4.54  14,86,750 4.68  -   
 PARUL GARG  3,45,500 1.05  3,45,500 1.09  -   
 PUSHPA GARG  -   0.00  8,24,337 2.59  (100.00)
 R C GARG & SONS HUF   6,80,167 2.08  6,80,167 2.14  -   
 RADHIKA GARG  3,45,500 1.06  3,45,500 1.09  -   
 RAJAT GARG  3,52,920 1.08  2,91,920 0.92  20.90 
 RAJIV GARG  6,37,750 1.95  6,37,750 2.01  -   
 RAM AGARWAL  7,28,956 2.23  7,28,956 2.29  -   
 RAM AGARWAL & SONS   50 0.00  50 0.00  -   
 RAMESH CHANDRA GARG  5,70,250 1.74  5,70,250 1.79  -   
 REENA GARG  3,36,294 1.02  3,36,294 1.06  -   
 REKHA RANI 0.00  5,26,585 1.66  (100.00)
 RITU GARG  3,46,871 1.06  3,46,871 1.09  -   
 SAPNA GARG  4,09,247 1.25  4,09,247 1.29  -   
 SARAS GARG  3,75,500 1.15  3,14,500 0.99  19.40 
 SAVITRI DEVI  3,12,875 0.96  3,12,875 0.98  -   
 SHIKHA GARG  6,99,750 2.14  6,22,250 1.96  12.45 
 SHRUTI AGGARWAL  1,85,000 0.57  1,10,000 0.35  68.18 
 SHYAM AGARWAL  2,58,706 0.79  2,58,706 0.81  -   
 SUDHA GARG  4,25,700 1.30  3,64,700 1.15  16.73 
 SUNIL KUMAR & SONS  HUF   1,31,750 0.40  1,31,750 0.41  -   
 SUNIL KUMAR GARG  2,93,977 0.90  2,32,977 0.73  26.18 
 SUSHIL KUMAR GARG  2,75,870 0.84  2,14,870 0.68  28.39 
 SUSHIL KUMAR GARG & SONS HUF  81,415 0.25  81,415 0.26  -   
 SWATI BANSAL  2,02,500 0.62  2,02,500 0.64  -   
 TUSHAR GARG  8,63,585 2.64  2,88,000 0.91  199.86 
 UMESH GARG  6,40,768 1.96  6,40,768 2.02  -   
 Umesh Garg & Sons HUF  75,000 0.23  75,000 0.24  -   
 RISHABH GARG  1,44,000 0.44  -   0.00  100.00 
TOTAL  1,82,62,539  55.78  1,72,97,939  54.45 
[page 177]
Goodluck India Limited210
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
(iii) Dividend :    
The Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 28th May, 2024, has recommended final dividend of 50% (`1 per equity share of `2 each) for 
the year ended 31st March, 2024 and the same was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 28th September 
2024 , which resulted in a cash outflow of  ` 327.39 Lakhs.     
The Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 22nd May, 2025, has recommended final dividend of 200% (`4.00 per equity share of `2 each) 
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing annual general meeting.
13. OTHER EQUITY
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
General reserve  3,762.44  3,762.44 
Retained earnings  68,106.04  52,259.82 
Other reserves:
Security premium account  45,288.13  40,966.72 
Capital Reserve on Bargain Purchase  2,537.81  2,537.81 
Share warrant  750.00  1,835.17 
Total  1,20,444.42  1,01,361.96 
(i) General reserve
 Under the erstwhile Indian Companies Act 1956, a general reserve was created through an annual transfer of net income at a specified 
percentage in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in a 
given year is more than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less than the total 
distributable results for that year.
     
 Consequent to introduction of Companies Act 2013, the requirement of mandatory transfer of a specified percentage of the net profit 
to general reserve has been withdrawn and the Company can optionally transfer any amount from the surplus of profit or loss account 
to the General reserves.
     
 The Company has not transferred any amount to general reserve during the year.
(ii) Retained Earnings
 Retained earnings are the profits that the company has earned till date less any transfer to general reserve, dividends or other distribution 
paid to shareholders.     
(iii) Security Premium     
 The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recongnised in security premium. This reserves utilised in accordance 
with the specific provisions of the Companies Act 2013.     
(iv) Capital Reserve     
 Reserve is primarily created on amalgamation as per statutory requirement. This reserve is utilised in accordance with the specific 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
14. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Term Loans:
Secured Loan  16,268.91  10,066.96 
Unamortised upfront fees on borrowing  (47.16)  (41.98)
Other Loans:
Unseured Loan from Related Parties  7.27  361.86 
Net Amount  16,229.02  10,386.84 
[page 178]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
211Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
S.
No.
Terms of repayments
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Nature of SecurityNon-
current Current Non-
current Current
Rupee Term Loans From Banks (Secured)
1
6 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 154.83 lakhs each from 
30.06.2025 to 30.09.2026
 309.66  619.34  929.00  619.34 
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at  
Plot No.  2839 Dhoom Manikpur,  Dadri (U.P .) and personal 
guarantee of the directors of the Company and their 
relatives. 
2
20 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 200.00 lakhs each from 
30.03.2026 to 29.12.2030
 3,800.00  229.38  1,454.00  11.10 
First charge on  entire fixed  assets of  the  Company  except 
immovable property located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, 
Gujarat and second charge on entire current assets of the 
Company , both present & future and personal guarantee of 
the directors of the Company. 
3
11 monthly installment of 
Rs. 44.79 lakhs each from 
07.04.2025 to 07.02.2026 
 -    495.71  492.71  544.03 
Second charge on  Entire fixed  assets of  the  Company and 
second charge on entire current assets of the Company 
, both present & future and equitable mortgage of two 
immovable properties belonging to the directors of the 
Company and their relatives , situated at Plot No. II -F - 166 
& II - F-167 , Nehru Nagar , Ambedkar Road , Ghaziabad (U.P .)
4
33 monthly installment of 
Rs. 22.40 lakhs each from 
01.04.2025 to 01.12.2027
 470.31  274.55  739.06  276.67 
5
23 monthly installment of 
Rs. 42.08 lakhs each from 
30.04.2024 to 28.02.2026 
(Prepaid and closed)
 -    -    462.92  505.00 
6
22 monthly installment 
(Including Interest) of Rs. 
22.53 lakhs each from 
20.04.2025 to 20.01.2026
 -    245.00  244.46  238.13 
7
24 monthly installment of 
Rs. 27.00 lakhs each from 
25.04.2024 to 25.02.2026 
(Prepaid and closed)
 -    -    323.00  324.00 
8
10 monthly installment of 
Rs. 46.88 lakhs each from 
30.04.2025 to 31.01.2026
 -    472.77  468.75  570.95 
9
34 monthly installment of 
Rs. 23.41 lakhs each from 
25.04.2025 to 25.01.2028
 514.90  287.24  795.75  289.46 
10
12 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 208.33 lakhs each from 
25.05.2025 to 25.02.2028
 1,666.68  833.33  -    -   
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at 
works - A 42 & 45 and A-51, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad and  
Works at located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, Gujarat and 
personal guarantee of the directors of the Company.
Rupee Term Loans From NBFC (Secured)
11
20 monthly installment of 
Rs. 32.86 lakhs each from 
05.04.2025 to 05.11.2026
 262.92  399.31  657.30  402.08 
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at  Plot 
No.  2839 Dhoom Manikpur,  Dadri (U.P .).
12
60 monthly installment of 
Rs. 100.00 lakhs each from 
05.09.2025 to 05.08.2030
 5,300.00  743.09  3,500.00  26.68 
First charge on  entire fixed  assets of  the  Company  except 
immovable property located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, 
Gujarat and second charge on entire current assets of the 
Company , both present & future and personal guarantee of 
the directors of the Company. 
13
72 monthly installment of 
Rs. 55.56 lakhs each from 
05.03.2026 to 05.02.2032
 3,944.44  83.38  -    -   
Unamortised upfront fees 
on borrowing  (47.16)  -    (41.98)  -   
 16,221.75 4,683.10 10,024.97  3,807.44 
[page 179]
Goodluck India Limited212
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
15. LONG-TERM PROVISIONS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Provision for Employees Benefits
Provision for Gratuity  934.13  748.32 
Provision for Compensated Absences  117.82  102.35 
TOTAL:
 1,051.95  850.67 
16 (I) INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax expense / (benefits)
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Current tax :
Current tax  5,076.09  4,543.27 
Tax provision/(reversal) for earlier years  24.40  (10.73)
Deferred tax :
Deferred tax  284.72  403.10 
Total deferred tax  284.72  403.10 
Total Tax expense / (benefit)  5,385.21  4,935.64 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Net income before taxes  21,558.82  17,989.62 
Enacted tax rate in India 25.168% 25.168%
Computed tax expense  5,425.92  4,527.63 
Increase/(reduction) in taxes on account of:
Income exempt from taxation /Items not deductible  (65.11)  418.74 
Effect of tax pertaining to prior years  24.40  (10.73)
Tax expense for the year  5,385.21  4,935.64 
Effective income tax rate  24.98  27.44 
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate :
A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to accounting profit / (loss) before tax at the statutory income tax rate to recognised 
income tax expense for the year indicated are as follows :
  
Statutory income taxes are assessed as per the provisions of section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act 1961.  
16 (ii) DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY (Net)
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Deferred Tax Liability
Deferred tax liabilities (net)  3,915.94  3,631.22 
TOTAL:  3,915.94  3,631.22 
[page 180]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
213Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
17. SHORT TERM BORROWINGS
18. TRADE PAYABLES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Secured Loans:
From Banks and Financial Institution (Working Capital Loan )  62,920.75  47,371.65 
Current maturities of long-term debt (Refer Note No. 14)  4,683.10  3,807.44 
TOTAL:  67,603.85  51,179.09 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
a)   Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  665.52  570.28 
b)   Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  10,958.00  13,149.22 
TOTAL:  11,623.52  13,719.50 
Deferred tax balance in relation to  As at  
31 March 2024 
 Recognised 
reversed through 
profit and loss 
 Recognised in/ 
reclassified from  
OCI 
 As at  
31 March 2025
Property, plant and equipment  3,582.04  555.82  -    4,137.86 
Provisions  49.18  (271.10)  -    (221.92)
Total  3,631.22  284.72  -    3,915.94 
Deferred tax balance in relation to  As at  
31 March 2023
 Recognised 
reversed through 
profit and loss 
 Recognised in/ 
reclassified from  
OCI 
 As at  
31 March 2024
Property, plant and equipment  3,411.57  170.47  -    3,582.04 
Provisions  (183.45)  232.63  -    49.18 
Total  3,228.12  403.10  -    3,631.22 
Working capital limits from Banks and Financial Institution comprising of Cash credit Limits/ WCDL / Export credit Limits / Bills discounted/ 
Buyer's Credit are secured by first charge on entire current assets of the Company including stocks of raw-materials, work-in-progress, stock 
lying in godown and ports, finished goods and book debts both present & future and equitable mortgage of two immovable properties 
belonging to the directors of the Company and their relatives , situated at Plot No. II -F - 166 & II - F-167 , Nehru Nagar , Ambedkar Road , 
Ghaziabad (U.P .). Working capital limits from Banks and Financial Institution are further secured by way of second charge on entire fixed 
assets of the Company, and personal guarantee of the directors of the Company and their relatives.
  
Ageing of Trade payables as on 31st March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from 
invoice date
MSME Unsecured TotalUndisputed  Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months  665.52  -    10,870.28  11,535.80 
 6 months - 1 year  -    -    59.23  59.23 
 1 year - 2 year  -    -    4.10  4.10 
 2 year - 3 year  -    -    -    -   
 More than 3 years  -    -    24.39  24.39 
 Total Creditors  665.52  -    10,958.00  11,623.52 
[page 181]
Goodluck India Limited214
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Ageing of Trade payables as on 31st March, 2024
Outstanding for following periods from 
invoice date
MSME Unsecured TotalUndisputed  Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months  570.28  -    13,086.28  13,656.56 
 6 months - 1 year  -    -    5.12  5.12 
 1 year - 2 year  -    -    18.57  18.57 
 2 year - 3 year  -    -    34.46  34.46 
 More than 3 years  -    -    4.79  4.79 
 Total Creditors  570.28  -    13,149.22  13,719.50 
Amount due to micro and small enterprises as defined in the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006” has been 
determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company. The disclosures relating 
to micro and small enterprises is as below:
    
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(i)    Principal amount remaining unpaid to supplier at the end of the year  665.46  570.28 
(ii)   Interest due / accrued thereon remaining unpaid to supplier at the end of the year  0.05  -   
(iii)   Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under this Act
 -    -   
19.  SHORT-TERM PROVISIONS
20.  OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Interim Dividend  -    635.48 
Provision for:
       Current Taxes  -    578.11 
TOTAL:  -    1,213.59 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Unclaimed Dividends  20.99  20.08 
Creditors for Capital Expenditure  815.63  242.78 
Advance received from customer  4,961.08  3,209.95 
Statutory dues  339.79  272.40 
Provision for Gratuity  109.24  77.40 
Provision for Compensated Absences  12.77  9.32 
Other Payables  5,872.26  3,633.61 
TOTAL:  12,131.76  7,465.54 
21.  REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Sale of products*  3,79,845.54  3,40,487.57 
Job Charges  9,864.28  7,897.55 
Other operating revenues
Export Benefits  2,088.67  2,421.56 
Exchange Fluctuation  1,790.57  1,670.90 
TOTAL:  3,93,589.06  3,52,477.58 
* Includes freight services where arranged by the Company. 
[page 182]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
215Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
22.  OTHER INCOME
23.  COST OF RAW MATERIAL CONSUMED
23.1 VALUE OF IMPORTED/INDEGENOUS RAW MATERIAL CONSUMED
25.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
24. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK
        -IN-PROCESS AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Interest  670.03  601.13 
Other Income  2,322.55  417.94 
Gain on sale of fixed assets  -    5.70 
TOTAL:  2,992.58  1,024.77 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year  19,221.25  16,469.82 
Add: Purchases  2,87,303.33  2,66,860.41 
 3,06,524.58  2,83,330.23 
Less: Inventory at the end of the year  24,297.05  19,221.25 
Cost of raw material consumed  2,82,227.53  2,64,108.98 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Imported  2,813.97  5,432.48 
Imported (% of consumption) 1.00% 2.06%
Indigenous  2,79,413.58  2,58,676.50 
Indigenous (% of consumption) 99.00% 97.94%
TOTAL:  2,82,227.54  2,64,108.98 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Salaries, Wages & Bonus  16,861.70  14,402.10 
Contribution to provident and other fund  636.01  534.80 
Staff Welfare Expenses  353.68  226.90 
TOTAL:  17,851.39  15,163.80 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Inventories at the beginning of the year
    Work-in-progress  13,890.68  10,578.49 
    Finished goods / Stock-in-Trade  26,101.41  23,535.81 
 39,992.09  34,114.30 
Inventories at the end of the year
    Work-in-progress  11,482.09  13,890.68 
    Finished goods / Stock-in-Trade  25,011.91  26,101.41 
 36,494.00  39,992.09 
TOTAL:  3,498.10  (5,877.79)
[page 183]
Goodluck India Limited216
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
26.  FINANCE COST
27.  DEPRECIATION & AMORTIZATION EXPENSES
28.  OTHER EXPENSES
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Interest on borrowings  7,271.65  6,824.77 
Bank commission & charges  738.51  932.00 
Unwinding of interest on financial liabilities carried at amortised cost  15.07  17.93 
TOTAL:  8,025.23  7,774.70 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment  4,494.53  3,529.08 
TOTAL:  4,494.53  3,529.08 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Consumption of stores and spares  6,453.20  6,717.74 
Power & Fuel  Expenses  12,362.47  12,008.70 
Processing Charges  8,150.70  4,947.55 
Repairs & Maintenance :
         a) Plant & Machinery  3,887.04  3,735.35 
         b) Building  244.04  299.01 
         c) Others  273.41  216.08 
Freight & Forwarding  17,066.42  13,361.77 
Advertisement  114.91  60.54 
Commission & Rebate  1,362.00  1,141.35 
Selling & Sales Promotion  299.50  147.14 
Bad Debts Written off  -    16.52 
Packing  Materials  3,461.69  2,995.10 
Printing & Stationery  115.18  100.15 
Postage, Telegram & Telephone  86.63  78.88 
Travelling  and Conveyance  2,062.65  1,899.62 
Legal & Professional Expenses  895.79  732.00 
Insurance  341.32  255.93 
Rates, Taxes & Fees  265.83  359.33 
Donation*  11.62  1,013.54 
CSR Expenses  291.19  174.20 
Miscellaneous Expenses  1,167.16  553.46 
Loss on Sale of Fixed Assets  13.29  -   
TOTAL:  58,926.04  50,813.96 
* Includes contributions through electoral bonds  of ` Nil (31st March, 2024 - ` 10.00 Crores)
[page 184]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
217Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
28.1.  VALUE OF STORES & SPARES CONSUMED
29.  PAYMENT TO AUDITORS AS:
30.  EARNING PER SHARE
31.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
31.1.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Imported  0.92  5.23 
Imported (% of consumption) 0.01% 0.08%
Indigenous  6,452.28  6,712.51 
Indigenous (% of consumption) 99.99% 99.92%
TOTAL:  6,453.20  6,717.74 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Auditors
       Statutory Audit Fees  9.00  8.00 
       Other Services  6.02  -   
TOTAL:  15.02  8.00 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Net profit after tax as per Statement of Profit and Loss
attributable to Equity Shareholders ( ` in Lakhs)  16,173.61  13,053.98 
Weighted average No. of Equity Shares  3,25,35,018  2,84,28,147 
Basic and Diluted Earning per share (`)  49.71  45.92 
Face value per equity share (`)  2.00  2.00 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Long term borrowings  16,221.75  10,024.98 
Current maturities of long term debt  4,683.10  3,807.44 
Short term borrowings  62,920.75  47,371.65 
Less: Cash and cash equivalent  (60.71)  (54.10)
Less: Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalent  (2,524.90)  (10,517.41)
Net debt  81,239.99  50,632.56 
Total equity  1,21,099.19  1,01,997.44 
Gearing ratio  0.67  0.50 
The Company being in a Working capital intensive industry, its objective is to maintain a strong credit rating, healthy capital ratios and 
establish a capital structure that would maximise the return to stakeholders through optimum mix of debt and equity.
The Company’s capital requirement is mainly to fund its capacity expansion, repayment of principal and interest on its borrowings. The 
principal source of funding of the Company has been, and is expected to continue to be, cash generated from its operations supplemented 
by funding from bank borrowings and the capital markets.
The Company regularly considers other financing and refinancing opportunities to diversify its debt profile, reduce interest cost and 
elongate the maturity of its debt portfolio, and closely monitors its judicious allocation amongst competing capital expansion projects to 
capture market opportunities at minimum risk.
  
The Company monitors its capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided to total equity. Net debt includes, interest bearing loans and 
borrowings less cash and cash equivalents,Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents.
[page 185]
Goodluck India Limited218
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
31.2 CATEGORIES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Description  31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024
Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value
Financial assets
Measured at amortised cost
Non-current investment  4,334.00  5,348.33  4,434.00  4,444.85 
Trade receivables  51,950.84  51,950.84  35,115.66  35,115.66 
Cash and cash equivalents  60.71  60.71  54.10  54.10 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  2,524.90  2,524.90  10,517.41  10,517.41 
Total financial assets at amortised cost (A)  58,870.45  59,884.78  50,121.17  50,132.02 
Financial liabilities
Measured at amortised cost
Long term Borrowings
#  20,912.12  20,912.12  14,194.27  14,194.27 
Short term Borrowings  62,920.75  62,920.75  47,371.65  47,371.65 
Trade payables  11,623.52  11,623.52  13,719.50  13,719.50 
Total financial liabilities carried at amortised cost (B)  95,456.38  95,456.38  75,285.43  75,285.43 
# including current maturities of long term debt.
31.3 Financial risk management
The risk management policies are established to ensure timely identification and evaluation of risks, setting acceptable risk thresholds, 
identifying and mapping controls against these risks, monitor the risks and their limits, improve risk awareness and transparency. Risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Company’s activities to 
provide reliable information to the Management and the Board to evaluate the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to 
the risk faced by the Company. 
The risk management policies aims to mitigate the following risks arising from the financial instruments:
- Market risk
- Credit risk and
    
- Liquidity risk
31.4 Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in the market prices. 
The Company is exposed in the ordinary course of its business to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity 
prices and interest rates.
The Company seeks to minimize the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge risk exposures. The use of 
financial derivatives is governed by the Company’s policies approved by the Board of Directors, which provide written principles on foreign 
exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of financial derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments, and the investment of 
excess liquidity. Compliance with policies and exposure limits is reviewed by the Management and the internal auditors on a continuous 
basis. The Company does not enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivatives for speculative purposes.
31.5 Foreign currency risk management
The Company’s functional currency is Indian Rupees (INR). The Company undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currencies; 
consequently, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations arise. Volatility in exchange rates affects the Company’s revenue from export markets 
and the costs of imports, primarily in relation to raw materials. The Company is exposed to exchange rate risk under its trade and debt 
portfolio.
Adverse movements in the exchange rate between the Rupee and any relevant foreign currency result’s in increase in the Company’s 
overall debt position in Rupee terms without the Company having incurred additional debt and favourable movements in the exchange 
rates will conversely result in reduction in the Company’s receivables in foreign currency. In order to hedge exchange rate risk, the Company 
has a policy to hedge cash flows up to a specific tenure using forward exchange contracts. At any point in time, the Company hedges its 
estimated foreign currency exposure in respect of forecast sales over the following 6 months. In respect of imports and other payables, the 
Company hedges its payables as when the exposure arises.
 
[page 186]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
219Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Description
 Increase  Decrease 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Receivable
USD/INR  97.46  66.55  (97.46)  (66.55)
Payable
USD/INR 1.23 2.39  (1.23)  (2.39)
All hedging activities are carried out in accordance with the Company’s internal risk management policies, as approved by the Board of 
Directors, and in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations where the Company operates.
Currency exposure as at 31 March 2025
Currency exposure as at 31 March 2024
Description USD  EURO  GBP  INR  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  6,044.38  3,157.66  346.51  42,402.28  51,950.83 
Bank balances other than cash and cash 
equivalents
 -    -    -    2,524.90  2,524.90 
Advance to supplier  66.83  23.10  -    10,148.94  10,238.87 
Capital advances  68.89  -    -    3,470.93  3,539.82 
Total financial assets  6,180.10  3,180.76  346.51  58,547.05  68,254.42 
Financial liabilities
Short term borrowings  13.11  -    -    62,907.65  62,920.75 
Trade payables  21.06  15.88  -    10,569.74  10,606.68 
Advance recd from customer  480.14  182.51  25.34  4,273.08  4,961.07 
Creditors for capital expenditure  59.80  25.26  -    730.56  815.63 
Total financial liabilities  574.10  223.65  25.34  78,481.02  79,304.12 
Description USD  EURO  GBP  INR  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  4,032.61  2,110.86  331.41  28,640.77  35,115.65 
Bank balances other than cash and cash 
equivalents
 -    -    -    10,517.41  10,517.41 
Advance to supplier  2.19  93.16  -    6,648.30  6,743.65 
Capital advances  294.90  238.15  -    5,099.11  5,632.16 
Total financial assets  4,329.70  2,442.17  331.41  50,905.59  58,008.87 
Financial liabilities
Short term borrowings  3,300.54  -    -    44,071.11  47,371.65 
Trade payables  130.02  -    -    13,589.48  13,719.50 
Advance recd from customer  388.82  112.92  164.48  2,543.72  3,209.94 
Creditors for capital expenditure  43.35  60.32  -    139.11  242.78 
Total financial liabilities  3,862.73  173.24  164.48  60,343.42  64,543.87 
The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
The following table details the Company’s sensitivity impact of 1% increase and decrease in the INR against the relevant foreign currencies. 
1% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s 
assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis for  outstanding foreign currency 
denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 1% change in foreign currency rates, with all other variables 
held constant. 
[page 187]
Goodluck India Limited220
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars of outstanding Short term forward exchange contracts entered into by the company.
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
BUY
No. of Contract  -    2.00 
US $ equivalent  -    38,65,006.15 
INR equivalent  -    3,222.41 
MTM  -    6.41 
SELL
No. of Contract 66 84
US $ equivalent  1,02,69,739  1,13,67,895 
INR equivalent  8,788.99  9,477.86 
MTM  73.58  161.52 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Trade Payable/ Creditors for Capital Expenditure
US equivalent (in USD)  1,43,665  2,86,615 
INR equivalent  122.00  233.69 
31.6 Commodity price risk
The Company’s revenue is exposed to the market risk of price fluctuations related to the sale of its steel products. Market forces generally 
determine prices for the steel products sold by the Company. These prices may be influenced by factors such as demand and supply, 
production costs (including the costs of raw material inputs) and global and regional economic conditions and growth. Adverse changes 
in any of these factors may reduce the revenue that the Company earns from the sale of its steel products.
The Company primarily procured its raw materials i. e. HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc etc. in the open market from third 
parties during the financial year ended 31.03.2025 and is therefore subject to fluctuations in prices.
The Company aims to sell the products at prevailing market prices. Similarly the Company procures key raw materials like HR Coil, Angle 
shape and section, Ingot and Zinc based on prevailing market rates as the selling prices of steel prices and the prices of input raw materials 
move in the same direction.
 
The Company as a matter of policy has not hedged the comodity risk.    
The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 5% movement in the input price of HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc  
etc. The sensitivity analysis includes only 5% change in commodity prices for quantity sold or consumed during the year, with all other 
variables held constant. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit where the commodity prices increase by 5%. For a 5% 
reduction in commodity prices, there would be a comparable impact on profit, and the balances below would be negative.
31.7 Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk because funds are borrowed at both fixed and floating interest rates. Interest 
rate risk is measured by using the cash flow sensitivity for changes in variable interest rate. The borrowings of the Company are principally 
denominated in rupees and US dollars with a mix of fixed and floating rates of interest. The Company has exposure to interest rate risk, 
arising principally on changes in MCLR rate and LIBOR rates. The risk is managed by the Company by maintaining an appropriate mix 
between fixed and floating rate borrowings.
Description
 Increase  Decrease 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc  14,341.19  13,281.41  (14,341.19)  (13,281.41)
[page 188]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
221Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Liquidity exposure as at 31st March 2025
Description < 1 Y ear 1-5 Y ear > 5 Y ear  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  51,950.84  -    -    51,950.84 
Cash and cash equivalents  60.71  -    -    60.71 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  2,524.90  -    -    2,524.90 
Total financial assets  54,536.45  -    -    54,536.45 
Financial liabilities
Long term borrowings  4,690.36  13,891.13  2,377.78  20,959.27 
Short term borrowings  62,920.75  -    -    62,920.75 
Trade payables  11,623.52  -    -    11,623.52 
Total financial liabilities  79,234.63  13,891.13  2,377.78  95,503.54 
If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher / lower and all other variables were held constant, the Company’s profit for the year  
ended 31 March 2025 would decrease / increase by ` 549.65 lakhs (for the year ended 31 March 2024: decrease / increase by ` 575.73 lakhs). 
This is mainly attributable to the Company’s exposure to interest rates on its variable rate borrowings.
31.8 Credit risk management:
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Company.  
Credit risk encompasses of both, the direct risk of default and the risk of deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.  
The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties.
Customer credit risk is managed centrally by the Company and subject to established policy, procedures and control relating to customer 
credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard and individual credit limits 
defined in accordance with the assessment.
Credit risk on receivables is also mitigated by securing the same against letters of credit and guarantees of reputed nationalised and 
private sector banks. Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers spread across diverse industries and geographical areas with 
no significant concentration of credit risk. The outstanding trade receivables are regularly monitored and appropriate action is taken for 
collection of overdue receivables.
    
31.9 Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of financial distress or extraordinary high financing costs arising due to shortage of liquid funds in a situation 
where business conditions unexpectedly deteriorate and requiring financing. The Company requires funds both for short term operational 
needs as well as for long term capital expenditure growth projects. The Company generates sufficient cash flow for operations, which 
together with the available cash and cash equivalents provide liquidity in the short-term and long-term. The management of the Company 
has established an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for Company’s short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity 
management requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing 
facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment 
periods and its non-derivative financial assets. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities 
based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. 
[page 189]
Goodluck India Limited222
STANDALONE
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Liquidity exposure as at 31st March 2024
Description < 1 Y ear 1-5 Y ear > 5 Y ear  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  35,115.66  -    -    35,115.66 
Cash and cash equivalents  54.10  -    -    54.10 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  10,517.41  -    -    10,517.41 
Total financial assets  45,687.17  -    -    45,687.17 
Financial liabilities
Long term borrowings  4,169.29  8,566.39  1,500.57  14,236.25 
Short term borrowings  47,371.65  -    -    47,371.65 
Trade payables  13,719.50  -    -    13,719.50 
Total financial liabilities  65,260.45  8,566.39  1,500.57  75,327.40 
The Company has pledged its trade receivables and cash & cash equivalents in order to fulfil certain collateral requirements for the 
banking facilities extended to the Company. There is obligation to return the securities to the Company once these banking facilities are 
surrendered.
    
32. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES:
As per Ind AS-24, the disclosure of transactions with the related parties are given below:
(i) List of related parties where control exists and related parties with whom transactions have taken place and relationships:
Name of Related Party Relationship
Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Ltd.
Goodluck Infrapower Pvt Ltd.
GLS Steel India Limited
GLS Engineering India Limited
GLS Metallics India Limited
Subsidiary
Shri M. C. Garg, Chairman
Shri R. C. Garg, Director
Shri Nitin Garg , Director
Key Management Personnel
Shri Manish Garg 
Shri Umesh Garg 
Shri Harsh Garg 
Smt. Savitri Devi
Smt. Pushpa Garg
Smt. Kanak Lata 
Relatives of  Key  Management  Personnel
Excellent Fincap Pvt. Ltd. Others (Enterprises Over which Key Management Personel are 
able to exercise significant influence)
[page 190]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
223Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
(ii) Transactions during the year with related parties:
Nature of Transactions  Subsidiary 
 Key 
Management 
Personnel 
 Relatives 
of Key Mgt. 
Personnel 
 Others  Total 
Loans Taken:
Current Year  -    -    -    150.00  150.00 
Previous Year  -    -    -    2,688.50  2,688.50 
Loans Repaid:
Current Year  -    -    -    512.00  512.00 
Previous Year  -    -    -    2,365.00  2,365.00 
Advance Given:
Current Year  10,396.20  -    17.50  -    10,413.70 
Previous Year  7.70  -    32.50  -    40.20 
Advance Received Back:
Current Year  2,404.43  -    50.00  -    2,454.43 
Previous Year  -    -    -    -    -   
Interest Paid:
Current Year  -    -    -    8.24  8.24 
Previous Year  -    -    -    34.38  34.38 
Interest Reeived:
Current Year  155.55  -    -    -    155.55 
Previous Year  -    -    -    -    -   
Investment made:
Current Year  -    -    -    -    -   
Previous Year  4,001.00  -    -    -    4,001.00 
Rent Paid:
Current Year  -    3.00  6.00  -    9.00 
Previous Year  -    3.00  9.00  -    12.00 
Remuneration Paid:
Current Year  -    752.40  435.50  -    1,187.90 
Previous Year  -    572.80  429.20  -    1,002.00 
Goods Purchased:
Current Year  14.28  -    -    -    14.28 
Previous Year  -    -    -    -    -   
Goods sold:
Current Year  2,208.23  -    -    -    2,208.23 
Previous Year  -    0.31  -    -    0.31 
(iii) Balances with related parties as at March 31, 2025 :
   
 Subsidiary 
 Key 
Management 
Personnel 
 Relatives 
of Key Mgt. 
Personnel 
 Others  Total 
Unsecured Loans
Current Year  -    -    -    7.27  7.27 
Previous Year  -    -    -    361.86  361.86 
Outstanding Receivables
Current Year  8,143.11  -    -    -    8,143.11 
Previous Year  11.34  -    32.50  -    43.84 
Trade Receivables
Current Year  1,387.19  -    -    -    1,387.19 
Previous Year  -    -    -    -    -   
[page 191]
Goodluck India Limited224
STANDALONE
Investment
Current Year  3,981.00  -    -    -    3,981.00 
Previous Year  4,081.00  -    -    -    4,081.00 
Other Liabilities
Current Year  -    12.85  8.35  -    21.20 
Previous Year  -    8.05  5.05  -    13.10 
33.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Contingent Liabilities
1. Outstanding bank guarantees issued by the banks & counter guaranteed by the 
Company and other guarantees
 12,564.52  13,145.13 
2. Bills discounted with Banks  16,143.78  11,457.42 
3. Disputed demand under Central Excise & Commercial Tax U.P .  5.18  19.84 
4. Disputed demand under Income Tax Act  99.14  99.14 
Commitments
i) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account and not 
provided for
 7,489.82  8,632.15
34. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
EARNING IN FOREIGN CURRENCY
Description  Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024 
FOB Value of Exports  91,534.41  89,607.36 
Description As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024 
  - Within India  2,93,303.99  2,56,040.19 
  - Outside India  96,405.82  92,344.94 
Total Revenue  3,89,709.81  3,48,385.13 
35. SEGMENT INFORMATION     
The Company is in the business of manufacturing and sale of Iron & steel products. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent 
with the internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker “CODM” of the Company. The CODM is responsible for allocating resources 
and assessing performance of the operating segments. The Company has monthly review and forecasting procedure in place and CODM 
reviews the operations of the Company as a whole, hence there are no reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments”
a) Revenue from operations
The following information discloses revenue from external customers based on geographical areas :
 
b) Non-current operating assets
All non –current assets of the company are located in India.
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 192]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
STANDALONE
225Annual Report 2024-25
36. DETAILS OF CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE : 
Particulars  Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024 
Amount required to be spent by the company during the year  281.23  179.45 
Amount of expenditure incurred
(i) Construction/ acquisition of any asset  -    -   
(ii) On purpose other than (i) above  291.19  174.20 
Surplus (Shortfall) at the end of the year  9.96  (5.25)
Total of previous years surplus (shortfall)  10.73  15.98 
Reason for Shortfall N.A. N.A.
Nature of CSR activities
(i)     Animal Welfare 
(ii)    Promoting Healthcare 
(iii)   Promoting Education 
(iv)     Eradicating hunger, poverty and 
malnutrition 
(v)    Conservation of natural resources 
(vi)  Measures for reducing inequalities 
Amount unspent, if any; NIL NIL
37. KEY RATIOS
Ratio As at 31st  
March, 2025
As at 31st  
March, 2024 Variance Reason for variance
(a)   Current Ratio (in times) 
(Total Current Assets / Total Current Liabities)  1.60  1.73 -7.68%  - 
(b)  Debt Equity Ratio (in times) 
(Total Debts / Total Equity)  0.69  0.60 14.69%   - 
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio (in times) 
(EBIDTA / (Interest Expense+ Principal Repayments 
made during the period for Long term Debts)
 2.70  2.32 16.50%  - 
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio (%) 
(Net profit after Tax / Average Networth) 14.50% 15.93% -8.97%  - 
(e)  Inventory Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Cost of Goods Sold / Average Inventory)  65.49  66.61 -1.69%  - 
(f )   Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Revenue from operation / Average Trade 
receivables)
 40.77  36.77 10.87%  - 
(g) 
 Trade Payables Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Net Purchases / Average Trade Payables )  16.10  18.12 -11.15%  - 
(h)  Net Capital Turnover Ratio (in times) 
(Value of Sales & Services / Net Working Capital )  7.10  6.45 10.05%  - 
(i)     Net Profit Margin Ratio (%) 
(Profit After Tax (after exceptional items) / Value of 
Sales & Services)
4.15% 3.75% 10.76%  - 
(j) 
   Return on Capital Employed Ratio (%) 
(Profit before Tax + Interest on long Term Loans / 
(Net Worth + Long Term Borrowings+ Deffered tax)
15.37% 15.93% -3.54%  - 
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 193]
Goodluck India Limited226
STANDALONE
38. OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION :     
 a)   The Company does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Company 
for holding any benami property.    
 b)  The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
 c)   The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall :    
  (i)      directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (ultimate beneficiaries) or    
  (ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 d)   The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities   (funding party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall :    
  (i)    directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or 
  (ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.    
 e)   The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other 
relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.    
 f )  The Company is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financials institution or lender during the year.  
 g)   All charges in respect of loans/credit facilities taken by the Company required are duly registered. However, the Company has 
initiated process for satisfaction of certain charges pending to be satisfied as well as satisfaction of some duplicate charges 
created. The Company is awaiting No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the respective lenders.
    
 h)   Quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions are in agreement with 
the books of accounts.    
 i)  The Company has used the borrowings from banks and financial institutions for the specific purpose for which it was obtained.
 j)   The title deeds of all the immovable properties except leasehold & freehold land pertaining to one subsidiary company 
amalgamated during fiscal year 2016-17 having gross block amounting to ` 100.55 Lakhs, disclosed in the financial statements 
included in property, plant and equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Company as at the balance 
sheet date.
    
39.   The Company uses an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the accounting software. Further no 
instance of audit trail feature being tampered with was noted in respect of the accounting software.
   Presently, the log has been activated at the application and the privileged access to SQL database continues to be restricted to limited 
set of users who necessarily require this access for maintenance and administration of the database.
40.    The previous year figures have been regrouped / reclassified / rearranged, wherever necessary to confirm to the current year 
presentation. 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNV2053
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
Notes on Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 194]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
227Annual Report 2024-25
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To The Members of
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements of Goodluck India Limited (‘The Company’ 
or ‘the Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (the Company and 
its subsidiaries company together referred as ‘the Group’), which 
comprises the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, 
the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow, 
the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year 
then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information (‘the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements’).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and 
give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Group as at March 31, 2025, their consolidated profit including 
other comprehensive income, their consolidated cash flows and 
the consolidated changes in equity for the year ended on that 
date.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), 
as specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities 
under those Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent 
of the Group in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each 
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the 
matter is provided in that context. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled 
the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for 
the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements section 
of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, 
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to 
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements. The results 
of audit procedures performed by us and by other auditor of 
components not audited by us, as reported by them in their audit 
reports furnished to us by the management, including those 
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the 
basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements.
1.
 Property, Plant & Equipment and Capital Work in 
progress
 Valuation and existence of property, plant and equipment 
including assessment of useful lives and residual value.  
Property, plant and equipment represents a significant 
proportion of the Parent Company’s asset base. The estimates 
and assumptions made to determine the carrying amounts, 
including whether and when to capitalize or expense certain 
costs, and the determination of depreciation charges are 
material to the Parent Company’s financial position and 
performance. The charges in respect of periodic depreciation 
are derived after estimating an asset’s expected useful life 
and the expected residual value. Changes to asset’s carrying 
amounts, expected useful lives or residual value could result 
in a material impact on the financial statements and hence 
considered as key audit matter. 
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Our audit procedures included the following:
Our audit approach consisted evaluation of design and 
implementation of controls, and testing the operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls over valuation of property, 
plant and equipment and review of useful lives; Periodic physical 
verification of property, plant and equipment for adequacy 
and appropriateness of the accounting and disclosure by the 
Management: 
 W e obtained an understanding of the Parent Company’s 
capitalization policy and assessed for compliance with the 
relevant accounting standards;
[page 195]
Goodluck India Limited228
CONSOLIDATED
 W e carried out substantive tests on random sampling for all 
the major additions, deletions to the assets by applying all the 
characteristics of capital expenditure, proper classification of 
the same, with reference to the Parent Company’s policy and 
accounting standards
 W e obtained an understanding on management assessment 
relating to progress of projects and their intention to bring 
the asset to its intended use. 
 W e obtained certificates relating to useful lives of assets 
where, required.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Director’s Report, Management 
Discussion and Analysis, Corporate Governance Report and 
Business Responsibility Report in the Annual Report but does 
not include the consolidated financial statements, standalone 
financial statements and our auditor’s reports thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the Consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements that give a true and 
fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated 
financial performance including other comprehensive Income, 
consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes 
in the equity of the Group in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the 
Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective 
Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are 
responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Those respective Boards of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and 
to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or 
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence 
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also: 
 Identify and assess the r isks of material misstatement of 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 Obtain an understanding of int ernal control relevant to the 
[page 196]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
229Annual Report 2024-25
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the Parent Company has adequate internal financial controls 
system in place and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls. 
 E valuate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
 C onclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify 
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
 E valuate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group of which we are the independent auditors 
and whose financial information we have audited, to express 
an opinion on the consolidated Ind AS financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audit of the financial statements of such 
entities included in the consolidated financial statements of 
which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities 
included in the consolidated financial statements, which have 
been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain 
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of 
the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible 
for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Parent Company and such other entities included in the 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters 
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the 
public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.
 As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the 
extent applicable, that:
a.
 We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit for the 
aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements.
b.
 In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements have been kept so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books and the 
reports of the other auditor.
c.
 The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other 
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated statement 
of Cash Flow and Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account maintained for the purpose 
of preparation of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements.
d.
 In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting 
Standards specified under section 133 of the Act, read 
with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended.
e.
 On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors of the Parent Company taken on record 
by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company and 
the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary 
[page 197]
Goodluck India Limited230
CONSOLIDATED
companies, none of the directors of the Group companies, 
is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed 
as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f.
 With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
statements of the Group and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 
A” to this report.
g.
 In our opinion and based on the consideration of the 
reports of other statutory auditors of the subsidiaries, the 
managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 
2025 has been paid / provided by the Parent Company 
and its subsidiaries to their directors in accordance with 
the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the 
Act;
h.
 With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,2014, as amended, 
in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us :
(i)
 The Consolidated Ind AS financial statements disclose 
the impact of pending litigations as on March 31, 
2025 on the Consolidated financial position of the 
Group.
(ii)
 The Group has made provision, as required under the 
applicable law or accounting standards, for material 
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts.
(iii)
 There has been no delay in transferring amount, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Group.
(iv)
 (a)   The respective Managements of the Parent and 
its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated 
in India, whose financial statements have been 
audited under the Act, have represented to us 
and to the other auditors of such subsidiaries 
respectively that, to the best of their knowledge 
and belief, no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Parent or any of such subsidiaries to 
or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Parent or any of such 
subsidiaries (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (b)   The respective Managements of the Parent and its 
subsidiaries which are companies incorporated 
in India, whose financial statements have been 
audited under the Act, have represented to us 
and to the other auditors of such subsidiaries 
respectively that, to the best of their knowledge 
and belief, no funds have been received by the 
Parent or any of such subsidiaries from any 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Parent or any of such subsidiaries shall, directly 
or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 (c)   Based on the audit pr ocedures performed that 
have been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances performed by us and those 
performed by the auditors of the subsidiaries 
which are companies incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited under the 
Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor’s 
notice that has caused us or the other auditors to 
believe that the representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and 
(b) above, contain any material misstatement.
(v)
  As stated in Note 12 (iii) of the Consolidated financial 
statements:
 T he final dividend proposed in the previous year, 
declared and paid by the Parent Company during 
the year is in accordance with Section 123 of the 
Act, as applicable
 T he Board of Directors of the Parent Company 
have proposed final dividend for the year which 
is subject to the approval of the members at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of 
dividend proposed is in accordance with section 
123 of the Act, as applicable.
(vi)
 Based on our examination, which included t est 
checks, performed by us on the Parent Company, 
except for the instances mentioned below, the 
[page 198]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
231Annual Report 2024-25
Parent Company, Subsidiaries have used accounting 
software for maintaining its books of account for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2025 which has 
a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility 
and the same has operated throughout the year for 
all relevant transactions recorded in the software’s. 
Further, during the course of our audit we did not 
come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with. Further, the audit trail, to 
the extent maintained in the prior year, have been 
preserved by the Parent Company, Subsidiaries as per 
the statutory requirements for record retention. 
 In respect of 4 subsidiaries, books of accounts are 
maintained and written up manually, therefore 
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 007171C
Place : GHAZIABAD 
Date  : 22
nd May 2025
(S. AGARWAL)
 Partner
M.NO. 072907
UDIN: 25072907BMJMNW1813
reporting under Rule 11(g) is not applicable for these 
subsidiaries. 
2.
 With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) of 
paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO”/ “the Order”) issued by the 
Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, 
according to the information and explanations given to us, 
and based on the CARO reports issued by us and the auditors 
of the respective companies included in the consolidated 
financial statements to which reporting under CARO is 
applicable, as provided to us by the Management of the 
Parent, we report that there are no qualifications or adverse 
remarks by the respective auditors in the CARO reports of 
the said respective companies included in the consolidated 
financial statements.
[page 199]
Goodluck India Limited232
CONSOLIDATED
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to paragraph 1 (f ) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date) 
Report on the Internal Financial Control Over Financial Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies act, 2013 (‘the Act’)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Goodluck India Limited ("the Parent Company") and its subsidiary 
Companies as on March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Parent company and 
its Subsidiary Companies for the year ended on that date. 
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Parent Company and 5 Subsidiary Companies are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal controls over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘Guidance Note’).  Theses responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its asset, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of the reliable financial information, as required under 
the Act. 
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to these Consolidated financial 
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing as specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated financial statements was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial control system with 
reference to Consolidated financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference 
to Consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated 
financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness 
of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the Consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control with reference to these Consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control with reference to these Consolidated financial 
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and 
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
[page 200]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
233Annual Report 2024-25
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to these Consolidated financial statements, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to these Consolidated financial statements 
to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to these Consolidated financial statements may 
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of 
the reports of the other auditors referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the Parent and its subsidiary companies, which are 
companies incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31st March, 
2025, based on the criteria for internal financial control over financial reporting established by the respective companies considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued 
by the ICAI.
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 007171C
Place : GHAZIABAD 
Date  : 22
nd May 2025
(S. AGARWAL)
 Partner
M.NO. 072907
UDIN: 25072907BMJMNW1813
[page 201]
Goodluck India Limited234
CONSOLIDATED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note No. As at  
31.03.2025
As at  
31.03.2024 
A  ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment 4(a)  79,929.37  52,154.19 
(b) Capital Work in Progress 4(b)  24,361.78  7,593.77 
(c) Goodwill  76.66  76.66 
(d) Financial assets
(i) Investment (Unquoted) 5 (ii)  1,350.00  350.00 
(e) Other non-current assets 6  678.62  786.69 
Total - Non current assets  1,06,396.43  60,961.31 
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  62,798.30  60,917.49 
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Investment (Quoted) 5 (i)  19.22  11.41 
(ii) Trade receivables 8  50,563.65  35,115.66 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 9  164.20  10,476.12 
(iv) Other balances with banks 10  4,447.48  10,602.60 
(c) Other current assets 11  28,542.72  25,155.36 
Total - Current assets  1,46,535.57  1,42,278.64 
 TOTAL - ASSETS 2,52,932.00 2,03,239.95
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
(3) Equity
(a) Equity share capital 12  654.77  635.48 
(b) Other equity 13  1,30,446.36  1,11,300.92 
Equity attribtuable to the ounwers of the Company  1,31,101.13  1,11,936.40 
Non-controlling interest  3,579.01  3,152.81 
Total - Equity  1,34,680.14  1,15,089.21 
(4) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 14  16,221.75  10,024.98 
(b) Provisions 15  1,056.72  853.08 
(c) Deffered tax liabilities (net) 16  3,915.94  3,631.22 
Total - Non current liabilities  21,194.41  14,509.28 
(5) Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 17  71,933.98  51,179.09 
(ii)  Trade payables 18  11,638.18  13,720.00 
(b) Provisions 19  58.46  1,266.09 
(c) Other current liabilities 20  13,426.83  7,476.28 
Total - Current liabilities  97,057.45  73,641.46 
TOTAL - EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  2,52,932.00  2,03,239.95 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNW1813
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements.
[page 202]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
235Annual Report 2024-25
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED ON 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note No. Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2025
Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024
I Revenue from operations 21  3,93,589.06  3,52,477.58 
II Other Income 22  3,531.56  1,294.98 
III Total income  3,97,120.62  3,53,772.56 
IV Expenses
(a) Cost of raw materials consumed 23  2,82,227.53  2,64,108.98 
(b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, work-in-progress 
and Stock-in-trade
24  3,498.10  (5,877.79)
(c) Employee Benefit Expenses 25  17,851.40  15,163.80 
(d) Finance Cost 26  8,033.48  7,748.10 
(e) Depreciation & Amortization Expenses 27  4,494.53  3,529.08 
(f ) Other Expenses 28  58,928.06  50,858.46 
Total expenses  3,75,033.10  3,35,530.63 
V Profit before exceptional item & tax (III - IV)  22,087.52  18,241.93 
VI Exceptional Items
VII Profit/(loss) before tax (V-VI)  22,087.52  18,241.93 
VIII Tax Expenses
Income tax for previous year  29.80  (9.26)
Current Tax  5,210.19  4,621.30 
Deferred Tax  284.72  403.10 
MAT Credit Entitlement/ Tax Adjustment  -    -   
IX Profit for the years (VII-VIII)  16,562.81  13,226.79 
X Other Comprehensive Income for the period 
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  -    -   
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be 
reclassified to profit or loss
 -    -   
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -    -   
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified 
to profit or loss
 -    -   
Total Other Comprehensive Income  -    -   
XI Total Comprehensive income for the year  16,562.81  13,226.79 
XII Total Other Comprehensive income for the year 
attributable to :
-Owner of the Company  16,483.04  13,192.65 
-Non-controlling Interests  79.77  34.14 
 16,562.81  13,226.79 
XIII Earnings per share
Basic and Diluted 30  50.66  46.41 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNW1813
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements.
[page 203]
Goodluck India Limited236
CONSOLIDATED
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNW1813
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
Description    Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025
 Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024 
A. Cash Flow from operating activities:
Net Profit before tax as per Profit & Loss Account  22,087.52  18,241.93 
Adjustment for:
Depreciation  4,494.53  3,529.08 
(Profit)/ Loss on Sale of tangible Assets  13.29  (5.70)
Interest Income  (1,212.49)  (885.57)
Unrealised Exchange loss (Gain)  (266.09)  (332.85)
Bad debts written off  -    16.52 
Loss (Gain) on investment  (1,397.81)  (1.42)
Finance Cost  8,033.48  7,748.10 
Operating Profit before working capital changes  31,752.43  28,310.09 
Adjustment for:
Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade payable  (2,081.82)  944.99 
Increase/ (Decrease) in other payable  6,154.18  100.85 
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (1,880.81)  (8,906.83)
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade receivable  (15,447.99)  (46.25)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other receivable  3,141.89  (20,448.24)
Cash Generated from Operating Activities  21,637.88  (45.39)
Taxes Paid  (5,812.15)  (4,547.17)
Net Cash Flow From Operating Activities TOTAL (A)  15,825.73  (4,592.57)
B. Cash flow from Investing Activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant & equipment  (49,096.24)  (19,639.23)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant & equipment  45.24  135.14 
Sale/ (investment) of Equity share of subsidiary  100.00 
Investment in Mutual Fund  (10.00)
Investment in Unquoted Shares  (1,000.00)  -   
Gain on investment  1,400.00  -   
Interest received  1,212.49  885.57 
Net Cash used in Investing Activities TOTAL (B)  (47,348.51)  (18,618.52)
C. Cash flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of Equity Shares & Warrants  3,255.54  43,950.87 
Payment related to Share issue expenses  -    (1,819.46)
Proceeds from short term borrowings  19,879.23  1,564.95 
Proceeds from long term borrowings (net)  7,077.61  (106.51)
Interest Paid  (8,038.66)  (7,758.94)
Dividend Paid  (962.86)  (2,179.74)
Net Cash Flow from Financing Activies TOTAL (C)  21,210.86  33,651.17 
Net increase in cash and cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (10,311.92)  10,440.09 
Cash and cash equivalents  at the beginning of the year  10,476.12  36.03 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  164.20  10,476.12 
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
1. The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the "Indirect Method" as set out in Ind AS-7.
2. Figures in bracket indicate Cash Outflow.
[page 204]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
237Annual Report 2024-25
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
Equity Shares of ` 2/- each issued, subscribed and fully paid No. of Shares Amount
As at April 1, 2023  2,72,56,250  545.13 
Issued during the year  45,17,659  90.35 
As at March, 31 2024  3,17,73,909  635.48 
Issued during the year  9,64,600  19.29 
As at March, 31 2025  3,27,38,509  654.77 
B. Other Equity
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Share 
Warrant 
Pending 
Allotment 
Capital 
Reserve 
 Share 
Premium 
General 
Reserve 
 Retained 
Earnings
 Other 
Comp-  
-rehensive 
Income 
 Attributable 
to owners of 
the parent 
 Non  
Controlling   
Interest 
(NCI) 
 Total Equity 
As at April 1, 2023  2,068.80  2,537.81  11,521.43  3,762.44  41,565.52  -    61,456.00  -    61,456.00 
Profit for the year  -    -    -    13,192.65  -    13,192.65  34.14  13,226.79 
Share Warrant Money 
Received  3,700.87  3,700.87  3,700.87 
On share issued during the 
year  (3,934.50)  -    30,444.14  26,509.63  26,509.63 
Share issue expense  (998.85)  (998.85)  (998.85)
Share issued by subsidiary  9,710.72  9,710.72  9,710.72 
Investment by NCI  -    -    3,118.67  3,118.67 
Total Comprensive 
income  1,835.17  2,537.81  50,677.44  3,762.44  54,758.17  -    1,13,571.02  3,152.81  1,16,723.83 
-Dividend on equity Shares  -    -    -    2,270.10  -    2,270.10  -    2,270.10 
As at March 31, 2024  1,835.17  2,537.81  50,677.44  3,762.44  52,488.07  -    1,11,300.92  3,152.81  1,14,453.73 
Profit for the year  -    -    -    16,483.04  -    16,483.04  79.77  16,562.81 
Share Warrant Money 
Received  3,255.53  3,255.53  3,255.53 
Other Comprehensive 
Income  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
On share issued during the 
year  (4,340.70)  4,321.41  (19.29)  -    (19.29)
Share issue expense  -    -    -    -    -   
Share issued by subsidiary  -    -    -   
Acquisition (sale) of Non 
Controlling Interest  (242.68)  (3.77)  (246.45)  346.43  99.98 
Total Comprensive 
income  750.00 2,537.81 54,756.17  3,762.44 68,967.34  -    1,30,773.75  3,579.01  1,34,352.76 
-Dividend on equity Shares  -    -    -    327.39  -    327.39  -    327.39 
As at March 31, 2025  750.00 2,537.81  54,756.17  3,762.44  68,639.95  -    1,30,446.36  3,579.01  1,34,025.37 
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNW1813
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
[page 205]
Goodluck India Limited238
CONSOLIDATED
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
1. COMPANY OVERVIEW
 Goodluck India Limited (‘The Company’ or ‘the Parent’) and its 
subsidiaries (together referred to as “the Group”) are engaged 
in the business of manufacture and sale of engineering 
product i.e. heavy engineered structure, transmission and 
distribution tower, CDW Tubes, Precision Tubes, Pipes, Sheets 
and forged engineering products at its manufacturing 
facilities located at Sikandrabad, Industrial Area, and Dadri in 
Uttar Pradesh, and Kutch in Gujarat. 
 Goodluck India Limited is a public limited company, 
incorporated on November 06, 1986 and is listed on BSE Ltd 
and NSE Ltd.  
2.
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
A. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
 Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under the section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time) and 
presentation requirement of Division II of Schedule III of the 
Companies Act 2013, (Ind AS Compliant Schedule III), as 
applicable to Consolidated financial statement.
 Accordingly, the Group has prepared these Consolidated 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet 
as at 31 March, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the 
Statements of Cash Flows and the Statement of Changes in 
Equity for the year ended 31 March, 2025, and accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (together 
hereinafter referred to as “Consolidated Financial Statements” 
or “financial statements”).
 These financial statements have been approved by the Board 
of Directors in the meeting held on 22nd May 2025. 
B. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the accounting policies, set out below and were 
consistently applied to all periods presented unless otherwise 
stated. 
 The financial statements have been prepared on a going 
concern basis using historical cost convention and on an 
accrual method of accounting, except for certain financial 
assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value as 
explained in the accounting policies below. 
 The Group’s Consolidated financial statements are presented 
in Indian Rupees (`),  which is also its functional currency
C. BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
(a) Subsidiaries : 
 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the 
financial statements of the Company and entities controlled 
by the Company i.e. its subsidiaries. The group controls an 
entity when the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable 
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the 
activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from 
the date on which control is transferred to the group. They are 
deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. 
 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for 
business combinations by the group.
 The group combines the financial statements of the parent 
and its subsidiaries line by line adding together like item of 
assets, liabilities, equity, income and expense. Intercompany 
transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions 
between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses 
are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence 
of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies 
of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure 
consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
(b)
 Non Controlling Interest (NCI) : 
 NCI are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree’s 
net identifiable assets at the date of acquisition. Changes in 
the Group’s equity interest in a subsidiary that do not result in 
a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
D.
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account 
for all business combinations, regardless of whether equity 
instruments or other assets are acquired. If The consideration 
transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary, over the fair 
value of the net identifiable assets acquired, is recorded as 
goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of 
the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the 
difference is recognized in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in equity as capital reserve provided there is 
clear evidence of the underlying reasons for classifying the 
business combination as a bargain purchase. In other cases, 
the bargain purchase gain is recognised directly in other 
equity as capital reserve
 Business combinations – common control transaction
 Business combinations involving entities that are controlled 
by the group are accounted for using the pooling of interest 
method as follows:
[page 206]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
239Annual Report 2024-25
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
   T he assets and liabilities of the combining entities are 
reflected at their carrying amounts.
   T he financial information in the financial statements 
in respect of prior periods is restated as if the business 
combination had occurred from the beginning of 
the preceding period in the financial statements, 
irrespective of the actual date of the combination. 
However, where the business combination had 
occurred after that date, the prior period information is 
restated only from that date.
   T he balance of the retained earnings appearing in the 
financial statements of the transferor is aggregated 
with the corresponding balance appearing in the 
financial statements of the transferee. 
   T he identity of the reserves is preserved and the 
reserves of the transferor become the reserves of the 
transferee. 
E.
 PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net 
of recoverable taxes, trade discount and rebates less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. 
Such cost includes purchase price, borrowing cost and any 
cost directly attributable to bringing the assets to its working 
condition for its intended use, net charges on foreign 
exchange contracts and adjustments arising from exchange 
rate variations attributable to the assets. 
 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount 
or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when 
it is probable that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the entity and the cost can be measured 
reliably. 
 Expenses incurred relating to project, net of income earned 
during the project development stage prior to its intended 
use, are considered as pre - operative expenses and disclosed 
under Capital Work - in - Progress.
 The gain or loss arising on disposal of an item of property, 
plant and equipment is determined as the difference 
between sale proceeds and carrying value of such item, and 
is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided 
using straight line method based on useful life of the assets 
as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013
F.
 INVENTORY
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable 
value except in case of waste and scrap which are valued at 
net realizable value. 
 Cost of raw material includes cost of purchase and other costs 
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition. Cost of finished goods and work in progress 
include cost of direct materials and labour and a proportion 
of manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating 
capacity but excluding borrowing costs. 
G.
 REVENUE RECOGNITION
 The Group recognises revenue when control over the 
promised goods or services is transferred to the customer 
at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the 
Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or 
services.
 Revenue is adjusted for variable consideration such as 
discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, 
incentives, or other similar items in a contract when they 
are highly probable to be provided. The amount of revenue 
excludes any amount collected on behalf of third parties. 
In contracts where freight is arranged by the Group and 
recovered from the customers, the same is treated as a 
separate performance obligation and revenue is recognised 
when such freight services are rendered.
 Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is 
probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group 
and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, using effective interest 
rate. 
 The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the 
period between the transfer of the promised goods or services 
to the customer and payment by the customer exceeds one 
year. As a consequence, the Group does not adjust any of the 
transaction prices for the time value of money.
H.
 EMPLOYEES’ BENEFITS
 Employee benefits include provident fund, employee state 
insurance scheme, gratuity, compensated absences and 
performance incentives.
 Retirement benefit costs and termination benefits 
 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans 
are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered 
service entitling them to the contributions.
 A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier 
of when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of the 
termination benefit and when the entity recognises any 
related restructuring costs.
 Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
 A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in 
[page 207]
Goodluck India Limited240
CONSOLIDATED
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
respect of wages and salaries and annual leave in the year the 
related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of 
the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for that service
 Liabilities r ecognised in respect of short-term employee 
benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount of the 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the related 
service
 Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee 
benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated 
future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group 
in respect of services provided by employees up to the 
reporting date.
 The cost of the defined benefit plans and the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation (‘DBO’) are based on 
actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method. 
An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, future 
salary increases and mortality rates. Due to the complexities 
involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined 
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these 
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting 
date.
I.
 BORROWING COSTS
 Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition or 
construction of qualifying assets are capitalized as part of the 
cost of such assets. A qualifying asset is one that necessarily 
takes substantial period of time to get ready for its intended 
use. All other borrowing costs are charged to Profit and Loss 
account.
J.
 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
 The functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries 
is determined on the basis of the primary economic 
environment in which it operates. The functional currency of 
the Company is Indian Rupee (`). 
 In preparing the financial statements of each individual 
group entity, transactions in currencies other than the entity’s 
functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised 
at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary 
items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at 
the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried 
at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are 
retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the 
fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are 
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are 
not retranslated. 
 Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
K. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
1. Financial Assets 
 I. Initial recognition and measurement 
   All financial assets ar e initially recognized at fair value. 
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets, which are not at fair value 
are adjusted through profit or loss on initial recognition. 
Purchase and sale of financial assets are recognised 
using trade date accounting. 
  II. Subsequent measurement 
      i)  Financial assets carried at amortised cost (AC) 
    A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it 
is held within a business model whose objective 
is to hold the asset in order to collect contractual 
cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash 
flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
         ii)    Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI) 
                    A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI if it is 
held within a business model whose objective is 
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets and the contractual 
terms of the financial asset give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding. 
     iii)       Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (FVTPL) 
                       A financial asset which is not classified in any of the 
above categories are measured at FVTPL. 
  III. Impairment of financial assets
          The Group assesses on a forward looking basis 
the expected credit losses associated with its 
assets carried at amortised cost and FVOCI debt 
instruments. The impairment methodology applied 
depends on whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk.
 2.    Financial liabilities 
        I.   Initial recognition and measurement 
     All financial liabilities are recognized at fair value and  
[page 208]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
241Annual Report 2024-25
   in case of loans, net of directly attributable cost. Fees 
of recurring nature are directly recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost. 
II.    Subsequent measurement 
 Financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost using 
the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance 
sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair 
value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 
3.
 Derivative financial instruments 
 The Group uses various derivative financial instruments 
such as interest rate swaps, currency swaps and forwards 
contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates, 
exchange rates. Such derivative financial instruments 
are initially recognised at fair value on the date on 
which a derivative contract is entered into and are also 
subsequently measured at fair value. Derivatives are 
carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive 
and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. 
 Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value 
of derivatives are taken directly to Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
4.
 Derecognition of financial instruments 
 The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the 
transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. 
A financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognized from the Group’s Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. 
L.
 LITIGATION
 The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims which 
have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Group’s 
management does not reasonably expect that these legal 
actions when ultimately concluded and determined will 
have a material and adverse affect on the Group’s result of 
operations or financial condition.
M.
 TAXATION
 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently 
payable and deferred tax. 
 Current tax 
 Current tax is the amount of tax payable based on the taxable 
profit for the year as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 Deferred tax 
 Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial 
statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the 
computation of taxable profit. 
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that 
it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be 
available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates 
that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability 
is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
end of the reporting period. 
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a 
legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to 
the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
N.
 PROVISIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND 
CONTINGENT ASSETS                                   
 Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions 
are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, 
when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When 
discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the 
passage of time is recognized as a finance cost. 
 A contingent liabilit y is a possible obligation that arises 
from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events beyond the control of the Group or a present 
obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare 
cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized 
because it cannot be measured reliably. The Group does not 
recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence in 
the Balance Sheet.
 Contingent assets are not recognized but disclosed in the 
financial statements when an inflow of economic benefit is 
probable.
[page 209]
Goodluck India Limited242
CONSOLIDATED
O. C ASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT 
 Cash and cash equivalent in the Balance Sheet comprise cash 
at banks and in hand.
P . EARNING PER SHARE
 Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the profit 
/ (loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year is 
adjusted for treasury shares, bonus issue, bonus element in 
a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse 
share split (consolidation of shares). 
3.
 CRITICAL ESTIMATION AND JUDGEMENTS
 The preparation of financial statements requires the use 
of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom 
equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise 
judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies.
 This note provides an overview of the areas that involved 
a higher degree of judgement or complexity, and of items 
which are more likely to be materially adjusted due to 
estimates and assumptions turning out to be different than 
those originally assessed. Detailed information about each of 
these estimates and judgements is included in relevant notes 
together with information about the basis of calculation for 
each affected line item in the financial statements.
 The areas involving critical estimates or judgements are:
 - Estimation of current tax expense and payable – Note 16 (i)
 - Estimation of defined benefit obligation – Note 15
 -  Recognition of deferred tax assets for carried forward tax 
losses – Note 16 (ii)
 Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are 
based on historical experience and other factors, including 
expectations of future events that may have a financial 
impact on the Group and that are believed to be reasonable 
under the circumstances.
[page 210]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
243Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars Leasehold 
Land 
 Freehold 
Land 
 Factory 
Building 
 Office 
Building 
 Plant & 
Machinery 
 Furniture & 
fixture 
 Office 
equipment  Computer  Vehicle  Total 
 Capital 
work-in-
progress 
Cost/Deemed cost as at  
April 1, 2024  856.96  6,634.21  14,324.97  277.92  44,974.59  3,083.52  396.77  351.29  2,079.17  72,979.40  7,593.77 
Additions  -    610.82  6,686.53  -    21,687.44  2,332.41  93.83  468.42  448.78  32,328.23  43,502.89 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    90.73  -    -    -    78.79  169.52  26,734.88 
Cost/Deemed cost as at 
March 31st, 2025  856.96  7,245.03  21,011.50  277.92  66,571.30  5,415.93  490.59  819.71  2,449.16  1,05,138.11  24,361.78 
Accumulated depriciation as at 
April 1, 2024  -    -    2,080.86  30.12  16,476.67  941.71  276.17  238.62  781.06  20,825.21  -   
Charge for the period  -    -    511.59  4.52  3,251.02  310.56  44.31  124.61  247.92  4,494.53  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    48.43  -    -    -    62.57  111.00  -   
Accumulated depriciation as 
at March 31, 2025  -    -    2,592.45  34.65  19,679.25  1,252.28  320.49  363.22  966.40  25,208.74  -   
Net Carrying value as at 
March 31, 2025  856.96  7,245.03  18,419.06  243.26  46,892.05  4,163.64  170.10  456.48  1,482.76  79,929.37  24,361.78 
 Particulars  Leasehold 
Land 
 Freehold 
Land 
 Factory 
Building 
 Office 
Building 
 Plant & 
Machinery 
 Furniture & 
fixture 
 Office 
equipment  Computer  Vehicle  Total 
 Capital 
work-in-
progress 
Cost/Deemed cost as at  
April 1, 2023  856.96  2,445.16  9,591.48  269.88  39,365.93  2,288.48  345.22  283.42  1,965.31  57,411.84  3,704.76 
Additions  -    4,189.05  4,733.49  8.04  5,608.66  795.04  51.55  67.87  296.46  15,750.16  7,315.92 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    182.60  182.60  3,426.91 
Cost/Deemed cost as at 
March 31, 2024  856.96  6,634.21  14,324.97  277.92  44,974.59  3,083.52  396.77  351.29  2,079.17  72,979.40  7,593.77 
Accumulated depriciation as at 
April 1, 2023  -    -    1,749.51  25.72  13,802.27  736.49  235.44  185.22  614.64  17,349.29  -   
Charge for the period  -    -    331.35  4.40  2,674.40  205.22  40.73  53.40  219.58  3,529.08  -   
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    53.16  53.16  -   
Accumulated depriciation as 
at March 31, 2024  -    -    2,080.86  30.12  16,476.67  941.71  276.17  238.62  781.06  20,825.21  -   
Net Carrying value as at 
March 31, 2024  856.96  6,634.21  12,244.11  247.80  28,497.92  2,141.81  120.60  112.67  1,298.11  52,154.19  7,593.77 
 4 (a).  Property, Plant and equipment 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 211]
Goodluck India Limited244
CONSOLIDATED
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
< 1 Y ear  1-2 
Y ears 
 1-2 
Y ears 
 > 3 
Y ears  Total < 1 Y ear  1-2 Y ears  1-2 
Y ears 
 > 3 
Y ears  Total 
At cost / deemed cost
Project in progress
Structure & Pipe division at 
Gujarat  64.23  -    -    -    64.23  212.58  -    -    -    212.58 
CDW Plant at Sikandrabad  2,742.52  -    -    -    2,742.52  5,347.75  -    -    -    5,347.75 
Shell Forgings Plant at 
Sikandrabad  21,179.47  -    -    -    21,179.47  363.95  -    -    -    363.95 
Others  375.56  -    -    -    375.56  1,669.49  -    -    -    1,669.49 
 24,361.78  -    -    -    24,361.78  7,593.77  -    -    -    7,593.77 
 4 (b).  Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) 
4 (c) (i) Title deeds of immovable property not held in the name of the company
Particulars Property, Plant & Equipment
Description of item of property Land
Gross carrying value ` 100.55 Lakhs
Title deeds held in the name of Masterji Metalloys Pvt Ltd.
Whether title deed holder is a promoter, director or relative of 
promoter / director or employee of promoter / director N.A.
Property held since which date 29.08.2016
Reason for not held in the name of the company 
With respect to the order of Hon’ble High Court of Delhi approving 
the scheme of amalgamation , the Company is in the process of 
getting the title deed in its name
ii) The title deeds of leasehold Land are duly registered with appropriate authorities.
   
5. INVESTMENTS
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(i) Other Investment (quoted)
Investment in Mutual Fund  19.22  11.41 
 19.22  11.41 
(ii) Investment (Unquoted)
Investment in Lone Cypress Venture Pvt Ltd.
35,00,000 eauity shares of `10/- each fully paid up 
(March 31, 2024 - 35,00,000) 
 350.00  350.00 
Investment in A-One Steel & Alloys Pvt. Ltd.
4,00,000 eauity shares of `10/- each fully paid up 
(March 31, 2024 - NIL) 
 1,000.00  -   
 1,350.00  350.00 
TOTAL:  1,369.22  361.41 
The investment in mutual fund (quoted) has been accounted for at fair value.
   
The cost of investment in unquoted equity instruments has been considered as an appropriate estimate of fair value because of a wide 
range of possible fair value measurements and cost represents the best estimate of fair value within that range represents the best estimate 
of fair value within that range. 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 212]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
245Annual Report 2024-25
6. OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(Unsecured, unconfirmed, Considered good)   
Security Deposits  678.62  687.32 
Others  -    99.37 
TOTAL:  678.62  786.69 
7. INVENTORIES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at   
31.03.2024
(As taken, valued and certified by the management)
(At lower of cost and net realizable value unless stated otherwise)
Raw Materials    24,415.57  19,221.25 
Work-in-progress  11,482.09  13,890.68 
Finished Goods      25,011.91  26,101.41 
Stores, Spares & Packing Materials       1,888.72  1,704.15 
TOTAL:  62,798.30  60,917.49 
8. TRADE RECEIVABLES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Unsecured and Considered good  50,563.65  35,115.66 
TOTAL:  50,563.65  35,115.66 
Trade receivables are netted with Bill discounting of ` 16143.78 lakhs (March 31, 2024- ` 11457.42 lakhs)   
Outstanding for following periods from invoice date
Unsecured
Total
 Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months*  -    43,589.67  43,589.67 
 6 months - 1 year  -    4,441.51  4,441.51 
 1 year - 2 year  -    1,564.89  1,564.89 
 2 year - 3 year  -    410.20  410.20 
 More than 3 years  188.97  368.41  557.38 
 Net Debtors  188.97  50,374.68  50,563.65 
*Including unbilled trade receivables of ` 1817.77 Lakhs.
Ageing of Trade Receivables as on 31st March, 2025
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 213]
Goodluck India Limited246
CONSOLIDATED
Outstanding for following periods from invoice date
Unsecured
Total
 Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months*  -    31,898.46  31,898.46 
 6 months - 1 year  -    1,285.00  1,285.00 
 1 year - 2 year  -    1,127.56  1,127.56 
 2 year - 3 year  -    222.03  222.03 
 More than 3 years  196.20  386.41  582.61 
 Net Debtors  196.20  34,919.46  35,115.66 
Ageing of Trade Receivables as on 31st March, 2024
* Including unbilled trade receivables of ` 99.22 Lakhs .
Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an external credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and 
defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed once a year.   
The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over the balances of trade receivables.   
Trade receivables hypothecated as security against borrowings.   
In determining the recoverability of a trade receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the trade receivable from 
the date credit was initially granted up to the end of the reporting period. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to the fact that the 
customer base is large and unrelated.   
9. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT
Description  As at 
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Cash in hand  52.05  58.21 
Unrestricted Balances with banks  112.15  10,417.91 
TOTAL:  164.20  10,476.12 
10. OTHER BALANCES WITH BANKS
Description  As at 
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Margin money deposits (lodged against bank guarantee, letter of credits and other 
credit facilities)
 4,426.49  2,469.01 
Earmarked balances in unclaimed dividend accounts  20.99  20.08 
QIP Monitoring Accounts  -    8,113.51 
TOTAL:  4,447.48  10,602.60 
11. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
 31.03.2024
(Unsecured, unconfirmed, Considered good)   
Advances to supplier  10,248.51  6,743.66 
Capital Advances  4,481.52  5,830.02 
Prepaid Expenses  687.39  557.02 
Others  5,879.78  6,755.45 
Provision for Mark-to-market on forward  73.58  167.93 
Export benefits and entitlements  592.20  439.22 
Tax balances /recoverable/ credits  6,579.74  4,662.06 
TOTAL:  28,542.72  25,155.36 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 214]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
247Annual Report 2024-25
12. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL 
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Authorised Capital
14,62,50,000 Equity Shares of  `2/- each  
(14,62,50,000 equity shares as at March 31, 2024 )  2,925.00  2,925.00 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid -up capital
3,27,38,509 Equity Shares of ` 2/- each  
(3,17,73,909 equity shares as at March 31, 2024)  654.77  635.48 
TOTAL:  654.77  635.48 
The Company has a single class of equity shares. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held.   
The company issued 11,00,000 Equity shares on 09.11.2023 at ` 600/- each at a premium of  ` 598/- per share .   
The company has issued 12,90,000 Equity shares on 06.01.2024 against Convertible Share Warrants at  ` 305/- each at a premium of ` 305/- 
per share.   
The company has issued 21,27,659 Equity shares on 17.01.2024 on QIP basis at ` 940/- each at a premium of  ` 938/- per share. 
The company has issued 9,64,600 Equity shares on 17.06.2024 against Convertible Share Warrants at  ` 450/- each at a premium of ` 448/- 
per share. 
(i) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the company :
(ii) Details of shareholdings by the Promoter and Promoter Group
Name of Shareholder
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024
No. of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
Name of Shareholder
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024  % Changes 
during the year No. of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
 ANIL KUMAR & SONS HUF   39,000 0.12  39,000 0.12  -   
 ANJU GARG  4,06,992 1.24  4,06,992 1.28  -   
 ANKITA AGARWAL  5,36,064 1.64  4,66,314 1.47  14.96 
 ARCHANA AGARWAL  5,38,365 1.64  5,38,365 1.69  -   
 ASHISH GARG  11,31,637 3.46  3,07,300 0.97  268.25 
 ASHISH KUMAR GARG & SONS HUF  78,938 0.24  78,938 0.25  -   
 AVRUMS INDIA PVT LTD  1,61,000 0.49  -   0.00  100.00 
 BHAVYA GARG  3,77,700 1.15  3,77,700 1.19  -   
 DHRUV AGGARWAL  1,67,000 0.51  1,67,000 0.53  -   
 HARSH GARG  70,000 0.21  70,000 0.22  -   
 KANAK LATA  3,25,415 0.99  3,25,415 1.02  -   
 M C GARG AND SONS HUF   1,72,500 0.53  1,72,500 0.54  -   
 MAHESH CHANDRA GARG  3,77,250 1.15  3,77,250 1.19  -   
 MANISH GARG  9,21,457 2.81  8,38,107 2.64  9.95 
 MANISH GARG AND SONS HUF  1,27,708 0.39  1,27,708 0.40  -   
 MITHLESH GARG  7,15,000 2.18  7,15,000 2.25  -   
 MUNNILAL & SONS HUF  2,34,092 0.72  2,34,092 0.74  -   
 NEETA GARG  6,75,770 2.06  6,75,770 2.13  -   
 NITIN GARG  14,86,750 4.54  14,86,750 4.68  -   
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 215]
Goodluck India Limited248
CONSOLIDATED
 PARUL GARG  3,45,500 1.05  3,45,500 1.09  -   
 PUSHPA GARG  -   0.00  8,24,337 2.59  (100.00)
 R C GARG & SONS HUF   6,80,167 2.08  6,80,167 2.14  -   
 RADHIKA GARG  3,45,500 1.06  3,45,500 1.09  -   
 RAJAT GARG  3,52,920 1.08  2,91,920 0.92  20.90 
 RAJIV GARG  6,37,750 1.95  6,37,750 2.01  -   
 RAM AGARWAL  7,28,956 2.23  7,28,956 2.29  -   
 RAM AGARWAL & SONS   50 0.00  50 0.00  -   
 RAMESH CHANDRA GARG  5,70,250 1.74  5,70,250 1.79  -   
 REENA GARG  3,36,294 1.02  3,36,294 1.06  -   
 REKHA RANI 0.00  5,26,585 1.66  (100.00)
 RITU GARG  3,46,871 1.06  3,46,871 1.09  -   
 SAPNA GARG  4,09,247 1.25  4,09,247 1.29  -   
 SARAS GARG  3,75,500 1.15  3,14,500 0.99  19.40 
 SAVITRI DEVI  3,12,875 0.96  3,12,875 0.98  -   
 SHIKHA GARG  6,99,750 2.14  6,22,250 1.96  12.45 
 SHRUTI AGGARWAL  1,85,000 0.57  1,10,000 0.35  68.18 
 SHYAM AGARWAL  2,58,706 0.79  2,58,706 0.81  -   
 SUDHA GARG  4,25,700 1.30  3,64,700 1.15  16.73 
 SUNIL KUMAR & SONS  HUF   1,31,750 0.40  1,31,750 0.41  -   
 SUNIL KUMAR GARG  2,93,977 0.90  2,32,977 0.73  26.18 
 SUSHIL KUMAR GARG  2,75,870 0.84  2,14,870 0.68  28.39 
 SUSHIL KUMAR GARG & SONS HUF  81,415 0.25  81,415 0.26  -   
 SWATI BANSAL  2,02,500 0.62  2,02,500 0.64  -   
 TUSHAR GARG  8,63,585 2.64  2,88,000 0.91  199.86 
 UMESH GARG  6,40,768 1.96  6,40,768 2.02  -   
 UMESH GARG & SONS HUF  75,000 0.23  75,000 0.24  -   
 RISHABH GARG  1,44,000 0.44  -   0.00  100.00 
TOTAL  1,82,62,539  55.78  1,72,97,939  54.45 
(iii) Dividend :    
The Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 28th May, 2024, has recommended final dividend of 50% (` 1 per equity share of ` 2 each) for 
the year ended 31st March, 2024 and the same was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 28th September 
2024 , which resulted in a cash outflow of ` 327.39 Lakhs.
The Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 22nd May, 2025, has recommended final dividend of 200% (` 4.00 per equity share of `2 each) 
for the year ended 31st March, 2025 subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing annual general meeting.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 216]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
249Annual Report 2024-25
13. OTHER EQUITY
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
General reserve  3,762.44  3,762.44 
Retained earnings  68,639.95  52,488.07 
Other reserves:
Security premium account  54,756.17  50,677.43 
Capital Reserve on Bargain Purchase  2,537.81  2,537.81 
Share warrant  750.00  1,835.17 
Total  1,30,446.36  1,11,300.92 
(i) General reserve
 Under the erstwhile Indian Companies Act 1956, a general reserve was created through an annual transfer of net income at a specified 
percentage in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in a 
given year is more than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less than the total 
distributable results for that year.
          
 Consequent to introduction of Companies Act 2013, the requirement of mandatory transfer of a specified percentage of the net profit 
to general reserve has been withdrawn and the Company can optionally transfer any amount from the surplus of profit or loss account 
to the General reserves.
          
 The Company has not transferred any amount to general reserve during the year.     
(ii) Retained Earnings
 Retained earnings are the profits that the company has earned till date less any transfer to general reserve, dividends or other distribution 
paid to shareholders.     
(iii) Security Premium     
 The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recongnised in security premium. This reserves utilised in accordance 
with the specific provisions of the Companies Act 2013. 
(iv) Capital Reserve     
 Reserve is primarily created on amalgamation as per statutory requirement. This reserve is utilised in accordance with the specific 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
14. LONG-TERM BORROWINGS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Term Loans:
Secured Loan  16,268.91  10,066.96 
Unamortised upfront fees on borrowing  (47.16)  (41.98)
Net Amount  16,221.75  10,024.98 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 217]
Goodluck India Limited250
CONSOLIDATED
S.
No.
Terms of repayments
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Nature of SecurityNon-
current Current Non-
current Current
Rupee Term Loans From Banks (Secured)
1
6 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 154.83 lakhs each from 
30.06.2025 to 30.09.2026
 309.66  619.34  929.00  619.34 
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at  
Plot No.  2839 Dhoom Manikpur,  Dadri (U.P .) and personal 
guarantee of the directors of the Company and their 
relatives. 
2
20 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 200.00 lakhs each from 
30.03.2026 to 29.12.2030
 3,800.00  229.38  1,454.00  11.10 
First charge on  entire fixed  assets of  the  Company  except 
immovable property located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, 
Gujarat and second charge on entire current assets of the 
Company , both present & future and personal guarantee of 
the directors of the Company. 
3
11 monthly installment of 
Rs. 44.79 lakhs each from 
07.04.2025 to 07.02.2026 
 -    495.71  492.71  544.03 
Second charge on  Entire fixed  assets of  the  Company and 
second charge on entire current assets of the Company, both 
present & future and equitable mortgage of two immovable 
properties belonging to the directors of the Company and 
their relatives , situated at Plot No. II -F - 166 & II - F-167 , 
Nehru Nagar , Ambedkar Road , Ghaziabad (U.P .) 
4
33 monthly installment of 
Rs. 22.40 lakhs each from 
01.04.2025 to 01.12.2027
 470.31  274.55  739.06  276.67 
5
23 monthly installment of 
Rs. 42.08 lakhs each from 
30.04.2024 to 28.02.2026 
(Prepaid and closed)
 -    -    462.92  505.00 
6
22 monthly installment 
(Including Interest) of Rs. 
22.53 lakhs each from 
20.04.2025 to 20.01.2026
 -    245.00  244.46  238.13 
7
24 monthly installment of 
Rs. 27.00 lakhs each from 
25.04.2024 to 25.02.2026 
(Prepaid and closed)
 -    -    323.00  324.00 
8
10 monthly installment of 
Rs. 46.88 lakhs each from 
30.04.2025 to 31.01.2026
 -    472.77  468.75  570.95 
9
34 monthly installment of 
Rs. 23.41 lakhs each from 
25.04.2025 to 25.01.2028
 514.90  287.24  795.75  289.46 
10
12 quarterly installment of 
Rs. 208.33 lakhs each from 
25.05.2025 to 25.02.2028
 1,666.68  833.33  -    -   
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at 
works - A 42 & 45 and A-51, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad and  
Works at located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, Gujarat and 
personal guarantee of the directors of the Company.
Rupee Term Loans From NBFC (Secured)
11
20 monthly installment of 
Rs. 32.86 lakhs each from 
05.04.2025 to 05.11.2026
 262.92  399.31  657.30  402.08 
First exclusive charge on specified Machinery located at  Plot 
No.  2839 Dhoom Manikpur,  Dadri (U.P .).
12
60 monthly installment of 
Rs. 100.00 lakhs each from 
05.09.2025 to 05.08.2030
 5,300.00  743.09  3,500.00  26.68 
First charge on  entire fixed  assets of  the  Company  except 
immovable property located at Village Bhachau distt. Kutch, 
Gujarat and second charge on entire current assets of the 
Company , both present & future and personal guarantee of 
the directors of the Company. 
13
72 monthly installment of 
Rs. 55.56 lakhs each from 
05.03.2026 to 05.02.2032
 3,944.44  83.38  -    -   
Unamortised upfront fees 
on borrowing  (47.16)  -    (41.98)  -   
 16,221.75  4,683.10  10,024.97  3,807.44 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 218]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
251Annual Report 2024-25
15. LONG-TERM PROVISIONS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Provision for Employees Benefits
Provision for Gratuity  937.75  750.23 
Provision for Compensated Absences  118.97  102.85 
TOTAL:
 1,056.72  853.08 
16 (I) INCOME TAX
(a) Income tax expense / (benefits)
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Current tax :
Current tax  5,210.19  4,621.30 
Tax provision/(reversal) for earlier years  29.80  (9.26)
Deferred tax :
Deferred tax  284.72  403.10 
Total deferred tax  284.72  403.10 
Total Tax expense / (benefit)  5,524.71  5,015.14 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Net income before taxes  22,087.52  18,241.93 
Enacted tax rate in India 25.168% 25.168%
Computed tax expense  5,558.99  4,591.13 
Increase/(reduction) in taxes on account of:
Income exempt from taxation /Items not deductible  (64.08)  433.27 
Effect of tax pertaining to prior years  29.80  (9.26)
Tax expense for the year  5,524.71  5,015.14 
Effective income tax rate  25.01  27.49 
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate :
A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to accounting profit / (loss) before tax at the statutory income tax rate to recognised 
income tax expense for the year indicated are as follows :
Statutory income taxes are assessed as per the provisions of section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act 1961.
  
16 (ii) DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY (Net)
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Deferred Tax Liability
Deferred tax liabilities (net)  3,915.94  3,631.22 
TOTAL:  3,915.94  3,631.22 
Deferred tax balance in relation to  As at  
31 March 2024 
 Recognised 
reversed through 
profit and loss 
 Recognised in/ 
reclassified from  
OCI 
 As at  
31 March 2025
Property, plant and equipment  3,582.04  555.81  -    4,137.86 
Provisions  49.18  (271.09)  -    (221.92)
Total  3,631.22  284.72  -    3,915.94 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 219]
Goodluck India Limited252
CONSOLIDATED
17. SHORT TERM BORROWINGS
18. TRADE PAYABLES
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Secured Loans:
From Banks and Financial Institution (Working Capital Loan )  67,250.88  47,371.65 
Current maturities of long-term debt (Refer Note No. 14)  4,683.10  3,807.44 
TOTAL:  71,933.98  51,179.09 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
a)   Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  665.52  570.28 
b)   Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  10,972.66  13,149.72 
TOTAL:  11,638.18  13,720.00 
Deferred tax balance in relation to  As at  
31 March 2023
 Recognised 
reversed through 
profit and loss 
 Recognised in/ 
reclassified from  
OCI 
 As at  
31 March 2024
Property, plant and equipment  3,411.57  170.47  -    3,582.04 
Provisions  (183.45)  232.63  -    49.18 
Total  3,228.12  403.10  -    3,631.22 
Working capital limits from Banks and Financial Institution comprising of Cash credit Limits/ WCDL / Export credit Limits / Bills discounted/ 
Buyer’s Credit are secured by first charge on entire current assets of the Group including stocks of raw-materials, work-in-progress, stock 
lying in godown and ports, finished goods and book debts both present & future and equitable mortgage of two immovable properties 
belonging to the directors of the Group and their relatives , situated at Plot No. II -F - 166 & II - F-167 , Nehru Nagar , Ambedkar Road , 
Ghaziabad (U.P .). Working capital limits from Banks and Financial Institution are further secured by way of second charge on entire fixed 
assets of the Group, and personal guarantee of the directors of the Group and their relatives.
Ageing of Trade payables as on 31st March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from 
invoice date
MSME Unsecured TotalUndisputed  Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months  665.52  -    10,884.94  11,550.46 
 6 months - 1 year  -    -    59.23  59.23 
 1 year - 2 year  -    -    4.10  4.10 
 2 year - 3 year  -    -    -    -   
 More than 3 years  -    -    24.39  24.39 
 Total Creditors  665.52  -    10,972.66  11,638.18 
Ageing of Trade payables as on 31st March, 2024
Outstanding for following periods from 
invoice date
MSME Unsecured
TotalUndisputed  Disputed  Undisputed 
 Less than 6 months  570.28  -    13,086.78  13,657.06 
 6 months - 1 year  -    -    5.12  5.12 
 1 year - 2 year  -    -    18.57  18.57 
 2 year - 3 year  -    -    34.46  34.46 
 More than 3 years  -    -    4.79  4.79 
 Total Creditors  570.28  -    13,149.72  13,720.00 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 220]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
253Annual Report 2024-25
Amount due to micro and small enterprises as defined in the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006” has been 
determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Group. The disclosures relating to 
micro and small enterprises is as below:
 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
(i)    Principal amount remaining unpaid to supplier at the end of the year  665.46  570.28 
(ii)   Interest due / accrued thereon remaining unpaid to supplier at the end of the year  0.05  -   
(iii)   Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under this Act
 -    -   
19.  SHORT-TERM PROVISIONS
20.  OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
21.  REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Interim Dividend  -    635.48 
Provision for:
       Current Taxes  58.46  630.61 
TOTAL:  58.46  1,266.09 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Unclaimed Dividends  20.99  20.08 
Creditors for Capital Expenditure  2,020.59  242.83 
Advance received from customer  4,961.08  3,209.95 
Statutory dues  366.53  276.43 
Provision for Gratuity  109.27  77.42 
Provision for Compensated Absences  12.79  9.37 
Other Payables  5,935.58  3,640.21 
TOTAL:  13,426.83  7,476.28 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Sale of products*  3,79,845.54  3,40,487.57 
Job Charges  9,864.28  7,897.55 
Other operating revenues
Export Benefits  2,088.67  2,421.56 
Exchange Fluctuation  1,790.57  1,670.90 
TOTAL:  3,93,589.06  3,52,477.58 
22.  OTHER INCOME
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Interest  1,212.49  885.57 
Other Income  2,319.07  403.71 
Gain on sale of fixed assets  -    5.70 
TOTAL:  3,531.56  1,294.97 
* Includes freight services where arranged by the Group    
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 221]
Goodluck India Limited254
CONSOLIDATED
23.  COST OF RAW MATERIAL CONSUMED
23.1 VALUE OF IMPORTED/INDEGENOUS RAW MATERIAL CONSUMED
24. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK
        -IN-PROCESS AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year  19,221.25  16,469.82 
Add: Purchases  2,87,421.85  2,66,860.41 
 3,06,643.10  2,83,330.23 
Less: Inventory at the end of the year  24,415.57  19,221.25 
Cost of raw material consumed  2,82,227.53  2,64,108.98 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Imported  2,813.97  5,432.48 
Imported (% of consumption) 1.00% 2.06%
Indigenous  2,79,413.58  2,58,676.49 
Indigenous (% of consumption) 99.00% 97.94%
TOTAL:  2,82,227.54  2,64,108.98 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Inventories at the beginning of the year
    Work-in-progress  13,890.68  10,578.49 
    Finished goods / Stock-in-Trade  26,101.41  23,535.81 
 39,992.09  34,114.30 
Inventories at the end of the year
    Work-in-progress  11,482.09  13,890.68 
    Finished goods / Stock-in-Trade  25,011.91  26,101.41 
 36,494.00  39,992.09 
TOTAL:  3,498.10  (5,877.79)
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Salaries, Wages & Bonus  16,861.71  14,402.10 
Contribution to provident and other fund  636.01  534.80 
Staff Welfare Expenses  353.68  226.90 
TOTAL:  17,851.40  15,163.80 
26.  FINANCE COST
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Interest on borrowings  7,279.89  6,798.04 
Bank commission & charges  738.52  932.13 
Unwinding of interest on financial liabilities carried at amortised cost  15.07  17.93 
TOTAL:  8,033.48  7,748.10 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 222]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
255Annual Report 2024-25
27.  DEPRECIATION & AMORTIZATION EXPENSES
28.  OTHER EXPENSES
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment  4,494.53  3,529.08 
TOTAL:  4,494.53  3,529.08 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Consumption of stores and spares  6,453.20  6,717.74 
Power & Fuel  Expenses  12,362.47  12,008.70 
Processing Charges  8,150.70  4,947.55 
Repairs & Maintenance :
         a) Plant & Machinery  3,887.04  3,735.35 
         b) Building  244.04  299.01 
         c) Others  273.41  216.08 
Freight & Forwarding  17,066.42  13,361.77 
Advertisement  114.91  60.54 
Commission & Rebate  1,362.00  1,141.35 
Selling & Sales Promotion  299.50  147.14 
Bad Debts Written off  -    16.52 
Packing  Materials  3,461.69  2,995.10 
Printing & Stationery  115.21  100.22 
Postage, Telegram & Telephone  86.73  79.02 
Travelling  and Conveyance  2,062.65  1,899.62 
Legal & Professional Expenses  896.37  732.85 
Insurance  341.32  255.93 
Rates, Taxes & Fees  265.83  359.33 
Donation*  11.62  1,013.54 
CSR Expenses  291.19  174.20 
Miscellaneous Expenses  1,168.17  596.91 
Loss on Sale of Fixed Assets  13.29  -   
TOTAL:  58,928.06  50,858.46 
28.1.  VALUE OF STORES & SPARES CONSUMED
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Imported  0.92  5.23 
Imported (% of consumption) 0.01% 0.08%
Indigenous  6,452.29  6,712.51 
Indigenous (% of consumption) 99.99% 99.92%
TOTAL:  6,453.20  6,717.74 
* Includes contributions through electoral bonds  of ` Nil (31st March, 2024- `10.00 Crores)
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 223]
Goodluck India Limited256
CONSOLIDATED
29.  PAYMENT TO AUDITORS AS:
30.  EARNING PER SHARE
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Auditors
       Statutory Audit Fees  10.30  8.80 
       Other Services  6.02  -   
TOTAL:  16.32  8.80 
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Net profit after tax as per Statement of Profit and Loss
attributable to Equity Shareholders ( ` in Lakhs)  16,483.04  13,192.65 
Weighted average No. of Equity Shares  3,25,35,018  2,84,28,147 
Basic and Diluted Earning per share (`)  50.66  46.41 
Face value per equity share (`)  2.00  2.00 
31.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
31.1.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Description  Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on 
31st March, 2024
Long term borrowings  16,221.75  10,024.98 
Current maturities of long term debt  4,683.10  3,807.44 
Short term borrowings  67,250.88  47,371.65 
Less: Cash and cash equivalent  (164.20)  (10,476.12)
Less: Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalent  (4,447.48)  (10,602.60)
Net debt  83,544.05  40,125.35 
Total equity  1,34,680.14  1,15,089.21 
Gearing ratio  0.62  0.35 
The Group being in a Working capital intensive industry, its objective is to maintain a strong credit rating, healthy capital ratios and establish 
a capital structure that would maximise the return to stakeholders through optimum mix of debt and equity.
The Group’s capital requirement is mainly to fund its capacity expansion, repayment of principal and interest on its borrowings. The principal 
source of funding of the Group has been, and is expected to continue to be, cash generated from its operations supplemented by funding 
from bank borrowings and the capital markets.
The Group regularly considers other financing and refinancing opportunities to diversify its debt profile, reduce interest cost and elongate 
the maturity of its debt portfolio, and closely monitors its judicious allocation amongst competing capital expansion projects to capture 
market opportunities at minimum risk.
The Group monitors its capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided to total equity. Net debt includes, interest bearing loans and 
borrowings less cash and cash equivalents,Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents.
1. Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.
    
2. Debt is defined as long term (excluding other loans from related parties) and short term borrowings.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 224]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
257Annual Report 2024-25
31.2 CATEGORIES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Description
 31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024
Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value
Financial assets
Measured at amortised cost
Non-current investment  1,350.00  1,350.00  350.00  350.00 
Trade receivables  50,563.65  50,563.65  35,115.66  35,115.66 
Cash and cash equivalents  164.20  164.20  10,476.12  10,476.12 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  4,447.48  4,447.48  10,602.60  10,602.60 
Total financial assets at amortised cost (A)  56,525.33  56,525.33  56,544.38  56,544.38 
Financial liabilities
Measured at amortised cost
Long term Borrowings
#  20,904.85  20,904.85  13,832.42  13,832.42 
Short term Borrowings  67,250.88  67,250.88  47,371.65  47,371.65 
Trade payables  11,638.18  11,638.18  13,720.00  13,720.00 
Total financial liabilities carried at amortised cost (B)  99,793.91  99,793.91  74,924.07  74,924.07 
# including current maturities of long term debt.
31.3 Financial risk management
The risk management policies are established to ensure timely identification and evaluation of risks, setting acceptable risk thresholds, 
identifying and mapping controls against these risks, monitor the risks and their limits, improve risk awareness and transparency. Risk 
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Group’s activities to provide 
reliable information to the Management and the Board to evaluate the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risk 
faced by the Group.
The risk management policies aims to mitigate the following risks arising from the financial instruments:
- Market risk
- Credit risk and
    
- Liquidity risk
31.4 Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in the market prices. 
The Group is exposed in the ordinary course of its business to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices 
and interest rates.
The Group seeks to minimize the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge risk exposures. The use of financial 
derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board of Directors, which provide written principles on foreign exchange 
risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of financial derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments, and the investment of excess 
liquidity. Compliance with policies and exposure limits is reviewed by the Management and the internal auditors on a continuous basis. The 
Group does not enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivatives for speculative purposes.
31.5 Foreign currency risk management
The Group’s functional currency is Indian Rupees (INR). The Group undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currencies; consequently, 
exposure to exchange rate fluctuations arise. Volatility in exchange rates affects the Group’s revenue from export markets and the costs of 
imports, primarily in relation to raw materials. The Group is exposed to exchange rate risk under its trade and debt portfolio.
Adverse movements in the exchange rate between the Rupee and any relevant foreign currency result’s in increase in the Group’s overall 
debt position in Rupee terms without the Group having incurred additional debt and favourable movements in the exchange rates will 
conversely result in reduction in the Group’s receivables in foreign currency. In order to hedge exchange rate risk, the Group has a policy to 
hedge cash flows up to a specific tenure using forward exchange contracts. At any point in time, the Group hedges its estimated foreign 
currency exposure in respect of forecast sales over the following 6 months. In respect of imports and other payables, the Group hedges its 
payables as when the exposure arises. 
 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 225]
Goodluck India Limited258
CONSOLIDATED
All hedging activities are carried out in accordance with the Group’s internal risk management policies, as approved by the Board of 
Directors, and in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations where the Group operates.
The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows: 
Currency exposure as at 31 March 2025
Currency exposure as at 31 March 2024
Description USD  EURO  GBP  INR  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  6,044.38  3,157.66  346.51  41,015.10  50,563.65 
Bank balances other than cash and cash 
equivalents
 -    -    -    4,447.48  4,447.48 
Advance to supplier  66.83  23.10  -    10,158.58  10,248.51 
Capital advances  182.61  -    -    4,298.91  4,481.52 
Total financial assets  6,293.82  3,180.76  346.51  59,920.07  69,741.16 
Financial liabilities
Short term borrowings  4,343.23  -    -    62,907.65  67,250.88 
Trade payables  21.06  15.88  -    11,601.24  11,638.18 
Advance recd from customer  480.14  182.51  25.34  4,273.09  4,961.08 
Creditors for capital expenditure  847.26  25.26  -    1,148.07  2,020.59 
Total financial liabilities  5,691.70  223.65  25.34  79,930.05  85,870.74 
Description USD  EURO  GBP  INR  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  4,032.61  2,110.86  331.41  28,640.78  35,115.66 
Bank balances other than cash and cash 
equivalents
 -    -    -    10,602.60  10,602.60 
Advance to supplier  2.19  93.16  -    6,648.31  6,743.66 
Capital advances  294.90  238.15  -    5,296.97  5,830.02 
Total financial assets  4,329.70  2,442.17  331.41  51,188.66  58,291.94 
Financial liabilities
Short term borrowings  3,300.54  -    -    44,071.11  47,371.65 
Trade payables  130.02  -    -    13,589.98  13,720.00 
Advance recd from customer  388.82  112.92  164.48  2,543.72  3,209.94 
Creditors for capital expenditure  43.35  60.32  -    139.16  242.83 
Total financial liabilities  3,862.73  173.24  164.48  60,343.97  64,544.42 
The following table details the Group’s sensitivity impact of 1% increase and decrease in the INR against the relevant foreign currencies. 1% 
is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s 
assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis for  outstanding foreign currency 
denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 1% change in foreign currency rates, with all other variables 
held constant. 
Description
 Increase  Decrease 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Receivable
USD/INR  97.46  66.55  (97.46)  (66.55)
Payable
USD/INR 9.09 2.39  (9.09)  (2.39)
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 226]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
259Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars of outstanding Short term forward exchange contracts entered into by the company.
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
BUY
No. of Contract  -    2.00 
US $ equivalent  -    38,65,006 
INR equivalent  -    3,222.41 
MTM  -    6.41 
SELL
No. of Contract 66 84
US $ equivalent  1,02,69,739  1,13,67,895 
INR equivalent  8,788.99  9,477.86 
MTM  73.58  161.52 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025 
 As at  
31.03.2024
Trade Payable/ Creditors for Capital Expenditure
US equivalent (in USD)  10,61,665  2,86,615 
INR equivalent  909.46  233.69 
Unhegde Currency Risk position :
Amounts payable in foreign currency
31.6 Commodity price risk
The Group’s revenue is exposed to the market risk of price fluctuations related to the sale of its steel products. Market forces generally 
determine prices for the steel products sold by the Group. These prices may be influenced by factors such as demand and supply, production 
costs (including the costs of raw material inputs) and global and regional economic conditions and growth. Adverse changes in any of these 
factors may reduce the revenue that the Group earns from the sale of its steel products.
 
The Group primarily procured its raw materials i. e. HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc etc. in the open market from third parties 
during the financial year ended 31.03.2025 and is therefore subject to fluctuations in prices.
The Group aims to sell the products at prevailing market prices. Similarly the Group procures key raw materials like HR Coil, Angle shape and 
section, Ingot and Zinc based on prevailing market rates as the selling prices of steel prices and the prices of input raw materials move in 
the same direction.
  
The Group as a matter of policy has not hedged the comodity risk.      
The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% movement in the input price of HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc etc. 
The sensitivity analysis includes only 5% change in commodity prices for quantity sold or consumed during the year, with all other variables 
held constant. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit where the commodity prices increase by 5%. For a 5% reduction in 
commodity prices, there would be a comparable impact on profit, and the balances below would be negative.
  
Description
 Increase  Decrease 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
HR Coil, Angle shape and section, Ingot, Zinc  14,347.12  13,281.41  (14,347.12)  (13,281.41)
31.7 Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest 
rates. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk because funds are borrowed at both fixed and floating interest rates. Interest rate risk is 
measured by using the cash flow sensitivity for changes in variable interest rate. The borrowings of the Group are principally denominated 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 227]
Goodluck India Limited260
CONSOLIDATED
in rupees and US dollars with a mix of fixed and floating rates of interest. The Group has exposure to interest rate risk, arising principally on 
changes in MCLR rate and LIBOR rates. The risk is managed by the Group by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating 
rate borrowings.
If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher / lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit for the year ended 
31 March 2025 would decrease / increase by `549.65 lakhs (for the year ended 31 March 2024: decrease / increase by ` 575.73 lakhs). This is 
mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on its variable rate borrowings.
31.8 Credit risk management:
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. Credit risk 
encompasses of both, the direct risk of default and the risk of deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks. The Group has 
adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties.
Customer credit risk is managed centrally by the Group and subject to established policy, procedures and control relating to customer 
credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an extensive credit rating scorecard and individual credit limits 
defined in accordance with the assessment.
Credit risk on receivables is also mitigated by securing the same against letters of credit and guarantees of reputed nationalised and 
private sector banks. Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers spread across diverse industries and geographical areas with 
no significant concentration of credit risk. The outstanding trade receivables are regularly monitored and appropriate action is taken for 
collection of overdue receivables.
    
31.9 Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of financial distress or extraordinary high financing costs arising due to shortage of liquid funds in a 
situation where business conditions unexpectedly deteriorate and requiring financing. The Group requires funds both for short term 
operational needs as well as for long term capital expenditure growth projects. The Group generates sufficient cash flow for operations, 
which together with the available cash and cash equivalents provide liquidity in the short-term and long-term. The management of 
the Group has established an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for Group’s short, medium and long-term funding and 
liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve 
borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and  
liabilities.
The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities with agreed repayment 
periods and its non-derivative financial assets. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities 
based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. 
Liquidity exposure as at 31st March 2025
Description < 1 Y ear 1-5 Y ear > 5 Y ear  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  50,563.65  -    -    50,563.65 
Cash and cash equivalents  164.20  -    -    164.20 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  4,447.48  -    -    4,447.48 
Total financial assets  55,175.32  -    -    55,175.32 
Financial liabilities
Long term borrowings  4,683.10  14,768.34  1,500.57  20,952.01 
Short term borrowings  67,250.88  -    -    67,250.88 
Trade payables  11,638.18  -    -    11,638.18 
Total financial liabilities  83,572.16  14,768.34  1,500.57  99,841.07 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 228]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
261Annual Report 2024-25
Liquidity exposure as at 31st March 2024
Description < 1 Y ear 1-5 Y ear > 5 Y ear  Total 
Financial assets
Trade receivables  35,115.66  -    -    35,115.66 
Cash and cash equivalents  10,476.12  -    -    10,476.12 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  10,602.60  -    -    10,602.60 
Total financial assets  56,194.38  -    -    56,194.38 
Financial liabilities
Long term borrowings  3,807.44  8,566.39  1,500.57  13,874.40 
Short term borrowings  47,371.65  -    -    47,371.65 
Trade payables  13,720.00  -    -    13,720.00 
Total financial liabilities  64,899.09  8,566.39  1,500.57  74,966.05 
The Group has pledged its trade receivables and cash & cash equivalents in order to fulfil certain collateral requirements for the banking 
facilities extended to the Group. There is obligation to return the securities to the Group once these banking facilities are surrendered.
32. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES:
As per Ind AS-24, the disclosure of transactions with the related parties are given below:
(i) 
 List of r elated parties where control exists and related parties with whom transactions have taken place and  
relationships:
Name of Related Party Relationship
Shri M. C. Garg, Chairman
Shri R. C. Garg, Director
Shri Nitin Garg , Director
Key Management Personnel
Shri Manish Garg 
Shri Umesh Garg 
Shri Harsh Garg 
Smt. Savitri Devi
Smt. Pushpa Garg
Smt. Kanak Lata 
Relatives of  Key  Management  Personnel
Excellent Fincap Pvt. Ltd. Others (Enterprises Over which Key Management Personel are 
able to exercise significant influence)
(ii) Transactions during the year with related parties:
Nature of Transactions
 Key 
Management 
Personnel 
 Relatives 
of Key Mgt. 
Personnel 
 Others  Total 
Advance Given:
Current Year  -    17.50  3,304.79  3,322.29 
Previous Year  -    32.50  3,955.00  3,987.50 
Advance Received Back:
Current Year  -    50.00  4,655.07  4,705.07 
Previous Year  -    -    2,688.50  2,688.50 
Interest Paid:
Current Year  -    -    24.73  24.73 
Previous Year  -    -    34.38  34.38 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 229]
Goodluck India Limited262
CONSOLIDATED
Interest Received :
Current Year  135.48  135.48 
Previous Year  26.72  26.72 
Rent Paid:
Current Year  3.00  6.00  -    9.00 
Previous Year  3.00  9.00  -    12.00 
Remuneration Paid:
Current Year  752.40  435.50  -    1,187.90 
Previous Year  572.80  429.20  -    1,002.00 
Goods sold:
Current Year  -    -    -    -   
Previous Year  0.31  -    -    0.31 
(iii) Balances with related parties as at March 31, 2025 :
 
 Key 
Management 
Personnel 
 Relatives 
of Key Mgt. 
Personnel 
 Others  Total 
Outstanding Receivables  -   
Current Year  -    -    94.56  94.56 
Previous Year  -    32.50  1,345.15  1,377.65 
Other Liabilities  -   
Current Year  12.85  8.35  -    21.20 
Previous Year  8.05  5.05  -    13.10 
33. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Contingent Liabilities
1.  Outstanding bank guarantees issued by the banks & counter  
 guaranteed by the Group and other guarantees
 12,826.52  13,229.13 
2. Bills discounted with Banks  16,143.78  11,457.42 
3. Disputed demand under Central Excise & Commercial Tax U.P .  5.18  19.84 
4. Disputed demand under Income Tax Act  99.14  99.14 
Commitments
i)  Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account and 
not provided for
 7,489.82  20,330.02 
34. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
EARNING IN FOREIGN CURRENCY
Description  Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2025
 Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024 
FOB Value of Exports  91,534.41  89,607.36 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 230]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
263Annual Report 2024-25
35. SEGMENT INFORMATION     
The Group is in the business of manufacturing and sale of Iron & steel products. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent 
with the internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker “CODM” of the Group. The CODM is responsible for allocating resources and 
assessing performance of the operating segments. The Group has monthly review and forecasting procedure in place and CODM reviews 
the operations of the Group as a whole, hence there are no reportable segments as per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments
  
a) Revenue from operations    
The following information discloses revenue from external customers based on geographical areas : 
Description  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
- Within India  2,93,303.99  2,56,040.19 
- Outside India  96,405.82  92,344.94 
Total Revenue  3,89,709.81  3,48,385.13 
b) Non-current operating assets
All non –current assets of the Group are located in India.
Description Country of 
Incorporation
Proportion of 
ownership interest
Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Ltd. India 79.43%
Goodluck Infrapower Pvt Ltd India 100%
GLS Steel India Limited India 100%
GLS Engineering India Limited India 100%
GLS Metallics India Limited India 100%
36.  ENTERPRISES  CONSOLIDATED AS SUBSIDIARY IN ACCORDANCE WITH IND AS 110-CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
37.  DISCLOSURE OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THE PARENT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES AS PER 
SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT , 2013
Particulars Goodluck 
India 
Limited 
Goodluck 
Defence 
and 
Aerospace 
Ltd
Goodluck 
Infrapower 
Pvt Ltd
GLS Steel 
India Ltd.
GLS 
Engineering 
India Ltd.
GLS 
Metallics 
India Ltd.
Total
% of Consolidated Net Assets  84.35  12.91  0.08  (0.00)  (0.00)  (0.00)  97.34 
Net Assets (Amt in lakhs)  1,13,598.50  17,402.51  102.76  (0.84)  (0.86)  (0.94) 1,31,101.13 
% of Consolidated profit or loss  97.63  1.86  0.03  (0.00)  (0.00)  (0.00)  99.52 
Profit or loss (Amt in lakhs)  16,170.12  308.11  5.43  (0.19)  (0.23)  (0.20)  16,483.04 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 231]
Goodluck India Limited264
CONSOLIDATED
38. SAILENT FEATURES OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SUBSIDIARIES AS PER COMPANIES ACT , 2013
Particulars Goodluck 
Defence and 
Aerospace Ltd
Goodluck 
Infrapower Pvt 
Ltd
GLS Steel India 
Ltd.
GLS Engineering 
India Ltd.
GLS Metallics 
India Ltd.
Reporting Currency  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR 
Equity share capital  4,911.00  5.00  1.00  1.00  1.00 
Other equity  12,491.51  97.76  (1.84)  (1.86)  (1.94)
Total assets  32,625.75  104.05  2.02  2.03  1.92 
Total liabilities  15,223.24  1.29  2.85  2.88  2.86 
Turnover  698.50  7.74  -    -    -   
Profit (losses) before taxes  525.46  7.35  (0.20)  (0.23)  (0.20)
Provision for taxation  137.58  1.92  -    -    -   
Profit (losses) after taxes  387.88  5.43  (0.20)  (0.23)  (0.20)
% of shareholding 79.43% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Name of the Subsidiaries which is yet to commence operations -
Name of the Company
1. Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Ltd.
2. Goodluck Infrapower Pvt Ltd
3. GLS Steel India Limited
4. GLS Engineering India Limited
5. GLS Metallics India Limited
39. 
 SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF THE GROUP’S, SUBSIDIARY THAT HAS NON-CONTROLLING 
INTERESTS IS SET OUT BELOW. THE AMOUNT DISCLOSED FOR EACH SUBSIDIARY ARE BEFORE INTER-COMPANY 
ELIMINATION.
Financial information of non-controlling interest as on 31 March, 2025
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Non-current assets  22,930.29  2,033.25 
Current assets  9,695.46  15,045.92 
Non-current liabilities  4.76  2.41 
Current liabilities  15,218.48  62.14 
Equity attributable to owners of the company  13,823.49  13,861.81 
Non-controlling interest  3,579.01  3,152.81 
Revenue  698.50  303.68 
Expenses  173.04  43.14 
Profit/ (loss) for the year after tax  387.88  184.23 
Profit / (loss) attributable to owners of the company  308.11  150.09 
Profit / (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest  79.77  34.14 
Profit / (loss) for the year  387.88  184.23 
Other comprehensive income attributable to owners of the company  -    -   
Other comprehensive income attributable to the non-controlling interests  -    -   
Other comprehensive income for the year  -    -   
Total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of the company  -    -   
Total comprehensive income attributable to the non-controlling interests  -    -   
Total comprehensive income for the year  -    -   
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
[page 232]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
265Annual Report 2024-25
Particulars  As at  
31.03.2025
 As at  
31.03.2024
Net cash inflow / (outflow) from operating activities  (2,665.91)  (4,690.69)
Net cash inflow / (outflow) from investing activities  (20,117.02)  (1,726.57)
Net cash inflow / (outflow) from financing activities  12,465.12  16,830.39 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (10,317.81)  10,413.13 
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts are ` in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
40. DETAILS OF CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE : 
Particulars  Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2025 
 Y ear ended on  
31st March, 2024 
Amount required to be spent by the Group during the year  281.23  179.45 
Amount of expenditure incurred
(i) Construction/ acquisition of any asset  -    -   
(ii) On purpose other than (i) above  291.19  174.20 
Surplus (Shortfall) at the end of the year  9.96  (5.25)
Total of previous years surplus (shortfall)  10.73  15.98 
Reason for Shortfall N.A. N.A.
Nature of CSR activities
(i)     Animal Welfare 
(ii)    Promoting Healthcare 
(iii)   Promoting Education 
(iv)     Eradicating hunger, poverty and 
malnutrition 
(v)    Conservation of natural resources 
(vi)  Measures for reducing inequalities 
Amount unspent, if any;  -    -   
41. KEY RATIOS
Ratio As at 31st  
March, 2025
As at 31st  
March, 2024 Variance Reason for variance
(a)   Current Ratio (in times) 
(Total Current Assets / Total Current Liabities)  1.51  1.93 (21.86%)  Decrease was primarily on 
account of increase in Debt 
(b)  Debt Equity Ratio (in times) 
(Total Debts / Total Equity)  0.65  0.53 23.08%  Increase was primarily on 
account of increase in Debt 
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio (in times) 
(EBIDTA / (Interest Expense+ Principal Repayments 
made during the period for Long term Debts)
 2.74  2.34 17.11%  - 
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio (%) 
(Net profit after Tax / Average Networth) 13.26% 14.94% -11.22%  - 
(e)  Inventory Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Cost of Goods Sold / Average Inventory)  65.55  66.61 -1.60%  - 
(f )   Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Revenue from operation / Average Trade 
receivables)
 40.12  36.77 9.11%  - 
(g) 
 Trade Payables Turnover Ratio (no. of days) 
(Net Purchases / Average Trade Payables )  16.10  18.12 -11.14%  - 
[page 233]
Goodluck India Limited266
CONSOLIDATED
(h)  Net C apital Turnover Ratio (in times) 
(Value of Sales & Services / Net Working Capital )  7.88  5.08 55.18%
 Increase was primarily on 
account of decrease in working 
capital
(i) 
    Net Profit Margin Ratio (%) 
(Profit After Tax (after exceptional items) / Value of 
Sales & Services)
4.25% 3.80% 11.94%  - 
(j) 
   Return on Capital Employed Ratio (%) 
(Profit before Tax + Interest on long Term Loans / 
(Net Worth + Long Term Borrowings+ Deffered tax)
14.39% 14.59% -1.37%  - 
42. OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION :
 a)   The Group does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Group for 
holding any benami property.        
 b)   The Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year. 
 c)   The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall :    
  (i)    directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Group (ultimate beneficiaries) or    
  (ii)   provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 d)  The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall :    
  (i)    directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or     
  (ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.    
 e)   The Group does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other 
relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. 
 f )  The Group is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financials institution or lender during the year. 
 g)   All charges in respect of loans/credit facilities taken by the Group required are duly registered. However, the Group has initiated 
process for satisfaction of certain charges pending to be satisfied as well as satisfaction of some duplicate charges created. The 
Group is awaiting No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the respective lenders.
  
 h)   Quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Group with banks or financial institutions are in agreement with the 
books of accounts.        
 i)  The Group has used the borrowings from banks and financial institutions for the specific purpose for which it was obtained.
 j)   The title deeds of all the immovable properties except leasehold & freehold land pertaining to one subsidiary Company 
amalgamated during fiscal year 2016-17 having gross block amounting to `100.55 Lakhs, disclosed in the financial statements 
included in property, plant and equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Group as at the balance sheet 
date.
43. The Parent Company uses an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the accounting software. 
Further no instance of audit trail feature being tampered with was noted in respect of the accounting software.
   
 
[page 234]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
CONSOLIDATED
267Annual Report 2024-25
 P resently, the log has been activated at the application and the privileged access to SQL database continues to be restricted to limited 
set of users who necessarily require this access for maintenance and administration of the database.
 In respect of 4 subsidiaries, books of accounts are maintained and written up manually, therefore reporting under Rule 11(g) is not 
applicable for these subsidiaries.        
44.  The previous year figures have been regrouped / reclassified / rearranged, wherever necessary to confirm to the current year presentation.
As per our report of even date annexed hereto On behalf of the Board of Directors
For Sanjeev Anand & Associates For Goodluck India Limited
Chartered Accountants CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
Firm Registration No. 007171C
( S. AGARWAL) (M.C.GARG)                                 (R.C.GARG)
Partner Chairman                                 Director           
M.No. 072907 DIN NO.  00292437 DIN NO. 00298129
UDIN : 25072907BMJMNW1813
Place : Ghaziabad (ABHISHEK AGRAWAL)            (SANJAY BANSAL)
Date  :  22nd May 2025  Company Secretary                       C.F.O.
[page 235]

[page 236]

