       Disclaimer
       No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to, and no reliance should be placed on the fairness, accuracy, completeness or
       correctness of the information or opinions contained in this presentation. Such information and opinions are in all events not current after the
       date of this presentation. Certain statements made in this presentation may not be based on historical information or facts and may be
       "forward looking statements" based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED (Company),
       which are expressed in good faith and in their opinion reasonable, including those relating to the Company’s general business plans and
       strategy, its future financial condition and growth prospects and future developments in its industry and its competitive and regulatory
       environment.

       Certain figures may reflect minor casting differences arising from the rounding of numbers. These differences are not material and do not
       impact the overall accuracy or integrity of the information presented. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
       uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of the Company or
       industry results to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
       looking statements, including future changes or developments in the Company’s business, its competitive environment and political,
       economic, legal and social conditions. Further, past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Given these risks, uncertainties
       and other factors, viewers of this presentation are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company
       disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. This presentation is confidential
       and may not be copied or disseminated, in whole or in part, and in any manner.

       VALOREM ADVISORS is an Independent Investor Relations Management Service company. This Presentation has been prepared by Valorem
       Advisors based on information and data which the Company considers reliable, but Valorem Advisors and the Company makes no
       representation or warranty, express or implied, whatsoever, and no reliance shall be placed on, the truth, accuracy, completeness, fairness and
       reasonableness of the contents of this Presentation. This Presentation may not be all inclusive and may not contain all of the information that
       you may consider material. Any liability in respect of the contents of, or any omission from, this Presentation is expressly excluded. Valorem
       Advisors also hereby certifies that the directors or employees of Valorem Advisors do not own any stock in personal or company capacity of
       the Company under review.

33 |                                                                                                                                         ©2026 INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED
