SOURCE: inputs/annual-report/Annual_Report_2024.pdf
PAGES: 318

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Orchid Pharma Limited Regd. Office: Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpattu Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India  
Phone: (91)-44- 2744 4471/72/73                 Email: Corporate@orchidpharma.com                     Website: www.orchidpharma.com           CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994                                          
July 27, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,     BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,                Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                                Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
 
Symbol: ORCHPHARMA          Scrip Code: 524372 
         
 
Ref.: Regulation 34(1) and 30 read with Para A Part A  of Schedule III of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Sub: Annual Report and Notice of 31 st Annual General Meeting of Orchid 
Pharma Limited (“the Company”) for the F.Y. 2023-24  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier intimations dated July 19, 2024 and July 25, 2024 
stating the information regarding the 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company  for 
the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2024. 
 
With reference to the captioned subject and p ursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Annual Report inter-alia including 
the Financial Statements and Reports of Board of Directors of the Company for Financial 
Year 2023-24. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of Schedule III of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Notice of 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company, scheduled to 
be held on Wednesday, August 21, 202 4 at 11.30 A.M. (IST)  through Video 
Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (“VC” / “OAVM”) forms part of the said Annual 
Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2023-24. The same had been sent via email 
to the members of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. July 19, 2024, whose email 
address is registered with the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company / Depository 
Participants. 
  
The said Annual Report and Notice of 31st Annual General Meeting are also available on 
the website of the Company at http://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_Annualreports.html.  
 
You are requested to take above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Orchid Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
Kapil Dayya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F10698 
 
Encl.: as above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
ANNUAL
REPORT 2023-24

===== PAGE 3 =====
L
or
e
Forward Looking Statement
In this Annual Report, we have disclosed forward-looking information to enable 
investors to comprehend our prospects and take investment decisions. This report and 
our other statements-written and oral- that we periodically make contain forward 
looking statements that set out anticipated results based on the management’s plans 
and assumptions. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by 
using words such as ”anticipate”, “estimate”, “expects”, “projects”, “intends”, “plans”, 
“believes” and words of similar substance in connection with any decision of future 
performance. We cannot guarantee that these forward-looking statements will be 
realised, although we believe we have been prudent in assumptions. The achievements 
of results are subject to risks, uncertainities and even inaccurate assumptions. Should 
known or unknown risks or uncertainities materialise or should underlying 
assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those 
anticipated, estimated or projected. Readers should keep this in mind. We undertake 
no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, where as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise.
===== PAGE 4 =====
Respect for
The
Individual
Excellence
Innovation
Entrepreneurship
Sustainability
Enriching
lives through
Innovation
in Healthcare
VISION
Become a composite and meaning fully integrated pharmaceutical corporation 
completing in diﬀerentiated arenas where greater, more sustainable value can 
be created
===== PAGE 5 =====
Corporate Information
Board of Directors
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal, Chairman & Non-Executive Director
Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole-Time Director
Mr. Arjun Dhanuka, Non-Executive Director
Dr. Dharam Vir, Independent Director
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal, Independent Director
Ms. Shubha Singh, Independent Director
Ms. Tanu Singla, Independent Director
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer
Mr. Kapil Dayya
Statutory Auditors 
M/s. Singhi & Co. 
Chartered Accountants
Unit-11-D, 11th Floor, Ega Trade Centre,
809, Poonamallee High Road, Kilpauk,
Chennai - 600 010, India
Cost Auditors 
Mr. J Karthikeyan
Cost Accountant
No.16, Muthalamman Kovil Street  Selaiyur,
Chennai - 600 086 Tamil Nadu, India
Secretarial Auditors
M/s. S Dhanapal & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries
Suite No. 103, First Floor, Kaveri Complex,
No. 96/104, Nungambakkam High Road
Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600 034,
Tamil Nadu, India
Internal Auditor
M/s. TRC Corporate Consulting Private Limited
Chartered Accountants
Plot No. 76-E, Udyog Vihar, Phase - 4, 
Gurugram, Haryana - 122015
Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited
Abhipra Complex A-387, Dilkhush Indl Area,
G.T. Karnal Road, Azadpur, Delhi-110033
Ph. : 91-11-42390783
Registred Oﬃce
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164 
SIDCO Industrial Estate Alathur  Chengalpattu
District-603110  Tamil Nadu, India
Listing
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Banks / Financial Institutions
HDFC Bank Limited
Yes Bank Limited

===== PAGE 6 =====
About the Board
Board of Directors
Statutory Committees Non- Statutory Committees
Audit Committee Internal Auditors Banking, Finance &
Operations Committee
Nomination &
Remuneration Committee Business Restructuring
Committee*
Stakeholder’s
Relationship Committee
Restructuring Committee*
Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
Capital Restructuring
Committee*
Risk Management
Committee
About the Board
An empowered Board comprising of diverse group of experienced leadership brings rich 
experience, strategic directions and takes the Company forward on path of sustainable 
progress. The Board is responsible for overseeing the management performance and 
governance of the Company on behalf of the shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board 
exercises independent judgement and plays a pivotal role in the oversight of the Company’s 
aﬀairs.
Board Composition and Leadership
Our Board of Directors combine Executive, Non- Executive and Independent Directors who 
contribute their deep expertise and insight. The Chairman, serving as Non- Executive Director, 
leads with forward- thinking vision and fairness. The Board members, who have served notable 
tenures, are key to guiding us towards achieving our objectives, promoting a culture of honesty 
and sustainable growth.
*For the purpose of Composition and other details of the above committees, please refer Annexure I- Corporate Governance Report forming part of
this Annual Report.
===== PAGE 7 =====
Board of Directors
Mr. Manish Dhanuka
(Managing Director)
Mr. Manish Dhanuka is the Director of Orchid Pharma Limited; he has the vision to 
rejuvenate Orchid Pharma Ltd. and take it on a fruitful path. His wide-ranging experience 
of handling operations, commercial, marketing and ﬁnance in the manufacturing 
industry provides for his analytical and decision-making skills facilitating the restoration 
of the company to its glorious past and to achieve even greater heights.
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal
(Chairman & Non-Executive Director)
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal is Founder Chairman of Dhanuka Group. His deep commitment and 
inspiring leadership in initial turbulent days is an example worth inculcating and his passion 
to contribute to Indian Agriculture is commendable. Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal, Group 
Chairman, has been bestowed with many Awards for his tremendous contribution in Agro 
Industry like “Life Time Achievement Award” by Agri Business Summit and Agri Awards 2019, 
“Distinguished Contribution to Indian Agrochemicals Industry” during India Chem 2016 
International Conference organised by FICCI, National Safety Award – 3 times; Forbes Award 
– 200 Best under A  Billion Companies in Asia Paciﬁc etc.
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka
(Whole Time Director)
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka is a Chemical Engineer with a Master’s in Business Administration. He is 
associated with Dhanuka Group Ltd. since 2005. His technical expertise has supported to 
enlarge the product base of Dhanuka. Under his exuberant personality and ambitious 
leadership the Company was able to expand its production facilities, setting up a state of art 
world class manufacturing facility. He was responsible in successfully realigning the entire 
supply chain vertical from procurement to sales thereby making a positive contribution in the 
proﬁtability of the Company. He is a driving force behind the new business vertical of the 
Company.
Mr. Arjun Dhanuka
(Non-Executive Director)
Mr. Arjun Dhanuka started his career with Dhanuka Laboratories Limited in September 
2010. From 2010-13 his role comprised of managing all the purchase decisions of the 
Company. He graduated from Delhi University and is a now Whole Time Director with the 
Company. He strives in Business Development and strategy building. Mr. Dhanuka is 
young and dynamic person with an experience of more than a decade in the 
Pharmaceuticals Sector.

===== PAGE 8 =====
Dr. Dharam Vir
(Independent Director)
Dr. Dharam Vir holds Ph.D. degree in Synthetic Organic Chemistry/Heterocyclic Chemistry 
and Medicinal Chemistry from Kurukshetra University, Kurukshetra (India). He was awarded 
fellowship by International Organization for Chemical sciences in Development (IOCD) / WHO 
to work on ‘Special Synthesis program of Drugs for treatment of Tropical Diseases. He was 
also awarded post-doctoral fellowships from University of Illinois at Chicago, USA, and 
Georgia State University Atlanta USA.
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal
(Independent Director)
Mr. Manoj Goyal aged about 68 years is commerce graduate with Honours and passed 
chartered accountancy examination in 2001. He became a Fellow Member of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 2006. CA ManojGoyal has about 23 years 
of experience in the ﬁeld of Taxation, Audit, Accounting, Finance, Banking and Law, He is 
Managing Partner of Goyal Malhotra and Associates, Chartered Accountants since the 
inception of the ﬁrm.
Ms. Tanu Singla
(Independent Director)
Ms. Tanu Singla is a qualiﬁed Company Secretary (CS). She has done L.L.B and is a diploma 
holder in Finance Management. She has an experience of more than ten years as a Company 
Secretary in Real Estate and Media Industry. She has expertise in Business Management, 
Finance, Accounts, Audit, real estate matters etc.
Ms. Shubha Singh
(Independent Director)
Ms. Shubha Singh is a Company Secretary since 2003. Additionally, she holds degrees of 
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) from ICFAI, Hyderabad since 2002, Post Graduate 
Diploma in Financial Analysis from ICFAI, Hyderabad since 2002, MBA (International 
Business) from IMT, Ghaziabad since 2013 and Law graduate from Faculty of Law. Ms. 
Shubha Singh has rich experience of 23 years in secretarial, ﬁnance and legal functions, 
primarily in Listed Companies with strong attribute in managing and advising various 
corporates in legal and secretarial matters with expertise in Corporate and general laws, 
litigation – civil and criminal, strategizing, Contracting, Agreements, Corporate 
Governance, re-structuring, revenue modelling and fund raising.
Board of Directors
===== PAGE 9 =====
Board is
Independent
50%
Women Independent
Directors
2
Compliance to Code
of Conduct, resulting in
zero conﬂict of interest
100%
Board Statutory
Committees
5
Independent Chairperson
of Statutory
Committees
100%
Governance

===== PAGE 10 =====
MANIFESTING
EXCELLENCE
Excellence is an ingrained practice achieved through persistent strategic evolution. Our 
global vision and strategy, paired with an ardent dedication to science and technology 
and a steadfast emphasis on precise execution and delivery, have propelled our growth 
trajectory. Our integrated business model empowers us to exploit opportunities across 
the pharmaceutical value chain, from research to the global delivery of therapeutics. 
Our discerning selection of therapeutic areas, combined with state-of-the-art 
infrastructure, establishes us as the partner of choice for pharmaceutical development 
and manufacturing. Our specialized product portfolio endows us with a distinct 
competitive advantage in the markets we serve. Strategic alliances enhance our market 
reach, enabling us to deliver superior quality products while securing improved 
margins. Our overarching strategy is to cultivate a sustainable organizational 
ecosystem, perpetually motivating individuals to reach unprecedented heights, 
empowering them to unearth new opportunities, and relentlessly focusing on 
honoring our commitments.
===== PAGE 11 =====
Contents
09
Pride of India
Enmetazobactam
Message from
the Managing
Director
11
Financial
Indicators
13
Board’s
Report
16
Management
Discussion &
Analysis
29
Report on
Corporate
Governance
41
Annexure to
the Board Report
86
Standalone
Auditor’s Report
143
Standalone
Balance Sheet
154
Statement of P&L,
Cashﬂow & Change
of Equity
156
Notes to Financial
Statements
161
Consolidated
Auditor’s Report
218
Consolidated
Balance Sheet
228
Statement of P&L,
Cashﬂow & Change
of Equity
230
Notes to
Consolidated
Financial Statements
236
Notice of 31st
Annual General
Meeting
291

===== PAGE 12 =====
Message from
the Managing
Director
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me immense pleasure to present you this Report on the signiﬁcant performance of 
your Company during the year. 
As we move ahead we are taking the legacy of our journey to further strengthen the 
Company's position in the market and drive sustainable growth while creating value for 
stakeholders.
The global pharmaceutical industry witnessed a notable surge in spending in 2023, 
indicating a positive trajectory for medicine expenditure through 2028, fueled by strong 
growth in emerging markets.
On the highlights of Orchid’s journey through the F.Y . 2024, I am delighted to share that the 
year under review reﬂects the story of growth & expansion, discovery of new potential and 
tapping the earlier untouched opportunities while forging the path to success and setting 
the stronger pillars of a more stable organization with strong Compound Annual Growth 
Rate (CAGR) of 22% in sales and 30% in EBITDA over the past three years. We achieved sales 
of ₹819 crores, a signiﬁcant jump from ₹666 crores last year. Our full-year EBITDA stood at 
₹142 crores, up from ₹103 crores in FY2023. In my previous address, emphasis was on to 
strengthen our core and transform into a future ready organization. In the same direction, 
your Company has made major developments during the reporting period.

===== PAGE 13 =====
The phase of revival has passed and the Company is performing better every passing quarter 
and year. During the ﬁscal, your Company had witnessed reduction of debts, positive trends 
in sales and operating proﬁts with higher margin than previous year and maintained 
eﬃcient plant operations. We have laid the foundation for continued growth with regular 
expansion in capacities and eﬀorts in Business Development. The investment in R&D in last 
few years is also likely to bear fruit in the coming years with new DMFs and Dossiers across 
the globe. The major projects like 7ACA and Ceﬁderocol are likely to propel us with a 
quantum leap once they get started.
I am extremely proud of the fact that, Orchid is the only Indian Company, ever to have 
invented a product which has received a New Drug Approval (NDA) from USFDA. Further, the 
European Medicines Agency have also granted approval to Orchid’s newly invented - 
Enmetazobactam. Due to the new invention of your Company, it stands out at global stage 
of Pharmaceutical Market. 
It is a signiﬁcant development in addressing the global need for aﬀordable and eﬃcacious 
drugs to combat Anti- Microbial Resistance (AMR). It is also a matter of great pride that as 
“the Pharmacy of the World”, India has ﬁnally developed a new drug for the ﬁrst time The 
recent approval of this product by the CDSCO, India has also paved the way for this product 
to be launched in India. As the issue of AntiMicrobial Resestance is very serious in India, this 
therapy will be a very important solution in the hands of the clinicians across the country. 
The company is making all eﬀorts to start manufacturing and commercial sales of the 
product at the earliest and make it available to the widest population. This product will also 
lay the foundation for the successful launch of the AMS Division, and the entry of Orchid 
Pharma in the Critical Sales Hospital market. We, the Orchidian’s are always at forefront to 
achieve and accomplish the targets with Governance in letter and spirit.  I would like to 
thank our Board of Directors for their relentless pursuit of excellence throughout the last 
ﬁnancial year.
We are grateful to the Central and State Governments and the Central DCGI and State FDAs 
for their support to the Company’s business plans. Your Board places on record their 
appreciation of the support provided by the customers, suppliers, services providers, 
medical fraternity and business partners.
We are thankful to the shareholders for their support and encouragement. The Directors 
and the Management acknowledges and are thankful to the employees for their immense 
commitment and contributions for the continual growth of the businesses and operations.
Manish Dhanuka
Managing Director

===== PAGE 14 =====
PRIDE OF INDIA – ENMETAZOBACTAM
It is a proud moment for India, that Enmetazobactam, a Novel Beta Lactamase Inhibitor, the 
ﬁrst product invented in India by Orchid Pharma Ltd, has been cleared by European 
Medicine Agency and USFDA approval is also expected within February 2024.
The discovery of antibiotics was the inﬂection point in human existence since it contributed 
enormously to the extension of the human lifespan. Before the discovery of Penicillin, there 
was no mass cure for infections, and life expectancy around 1940 was 40 years. With 
Antibiotics, now infections are not just cured, but advanced procedures and treatments like 
surgeries are possible. This has taken the average lifespan to more than 70 years in the 
world.
Lately however, this healing is tempered due to AMR (Anti-Microbial Resistance) which is a 
signiﬁcant cause of more than 50 Lakhs deaths in 2019 worldwide as stated by leading 
bodies like WHO. 
AMR is a major topic of discussion in all health forums and is being called the silent 
pandemic by WHO. An illustration below shows how several species of bacteria have 
become resistant to the most common Antibiotics, some even to the extent of 80%. What 
this means is 8 out of 10 patients to whom Antibiotics are given, the drug is not able to cure 
them. By any means, this is a staggering number and a waste of public resources. 
This alarming threat and global spread of AMR has not been matched by the development 
of novel Anti-Microbials. The matter is so critical that WHO maintains a Global Priority List 
of Multi Drug Resistant (MDR) and even Carbapenems (the most eﬀective Antibiotics today) 
resistant strains, for which there is almost no simple cure today. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Safety proﬁle and broad-spectrum eﬃcacy have made Cephalosporins the most widely used 
antibiotics today.  Their extensive use has resulted in the emergence of resistant bacteria, a 
worldwide problem, with high prevalence in developing and developed countries. 
To treat these bacterial infections and maintain patient safety, Orchid Pharma identiﬁed a 
novel approach to lower the resistance of the bacteria, so that the older Antibiotics, which 
are safe and have a well-known eﬃcacy, but had stopped working due to AMR can start 
working again. It invented, Enmetazobactam, which in combination with Cefepime, has 
proven to be signiﬁcantly superior to the current standard of care. The need of the hour was 
a novel product, which can be the ﬁrst line of treatment for infections thereby reducing the 
total cost of healthcare which is extremely important for India.
ORCHID’s INVENTION
Enmetazobactam, a Novel Beta Lactamase Inhibitor, the ﬁrst product completely invented in 
India, which in combination with Cefepime (a safe and eﬀective 3rd Generation 
Cephalosporin Anti-Biotic) has proven to be signiﬁcantly superior to Piperacillin + 
Tazobactam (the current go-to drug for doctors), and is as potent as Meropenem.
It has been approved for complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis); 
hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP), including ventilator associated pneumonia (VAP) and 
patients with bacteraemia associated with above.
The increasing proliferation of MDR bacteria and increasing AMR to most of the available 
drugs are leading to signiﬁcantly increased usage of expensive Carbapenems which are 
currently the only alternative. The need of the hour is a cost-eﬀective, Carbapenem sparing 
(saving the Carbapenems for future) therapy which can be used for infections.
Because of the demonstrated superiority of Cefepime + Enmetazobactam, combined with 
the inherent safety of the established molecule Cefepime, plus the beneﬁts of lower cost, 
better eﬃcacy and being Carbapenem sparing are enough reasons to quickly make this 
product the standard of care worldwide, especially in India. 
The fact that Enmetazobactam is not just Made in India but the ﬁrst drug to be Invented in 
India, makes the case for it that much stronger. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
₹ 819.3 Cr.
Revenue
23%
₹ 141.0 Cr.
EBITDA
37%
₹ 94.7 Cr.
PAT
72%
₹ 19.6
EPS
48%
*Figures in Standalone Basis

===== PAGE 17 =====
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

===== PAGE 18 =====
API SALES ANALYSIS (FY24)
 (Amount in Crores)
*Figures in Standalone Basis
===== PAGE 19 =====
Board's Report
Dear Members,
st
Your Directors have pleasure in presen ng the 31  (Thirty First) 'Board Report', along with the Audited Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial Year (“FY”) ended on March 31, 2024.
Financial summary/Performance/State of Company's aﬀairs
The Highlights of the standalone and consolidated ﬁnancial Statements for the FY 2023-24 as per the IND-AS are given below:
 (₹ in Crores)
 Par culars
 
Standalone
 
Consolidated
 FY
 
ended
 March 2024
 
FY ended 
March 2023
 
FY ended 
March 2024
 
FY ended 
March 2023
 
Sales &  Opera ng Income
 
819.37
 
665.90
 
819.37
 
665.90
 Other  Income
 
30.39
 
19.43
 
30.86
 
19.43
 Total Expenditure (excluding deprecia on and Finance cost)
 
708.69 582.28 708.69 582.28 Gross Proﬁt/(Loss)  141.07 103.05 141.53 103.05 Interest & Finance Charges  16.33 32.22 16.35 32.22 
Gross  Proﬁt a er Interest but before 
Deprecia on and  Taxa on  
124.74 70.83 125.18 70.83 
Deprecia on  33.22 54.79 33.23 54.79 
Proﬁt/(Loss)before Tax, and extraordinary  
items  
91.52 16.04 91.95 16.04 
Excep onal  items – [Income /(Expenditure)]  - 39.21 - 39.21 
Proﬁt/(Loss) Before Tax  91.52 55.25 91.95 55.25 
Current & Deferred Tax  (3.23) - (3.12) - 
Proﬁt/(Loss) a er Tax - Con nuing 
Opera ons  
94.75 55.25 95.07 55.25 
Proﬁt/ Loss from discon nued opera ons 
a er tax  - (1.06) (2.90) (8.93) 
 
Proﬁt/Loss for the year  94.75 54.19 92.17 46.32 
Re-measurement of post -employment 
beneﬁt obliga ons
 (0.45)
 
(0.23)
 
(0.45)
 
(0.23)
 
Gain/(Loss) on fair valua on of the 
Investments
 0.11
 
0.05
 
0.11
 
0.05
 
Comprehensive Proﬁt/Loss for the Year
 
94.41
 
54.01
 
91.83
 
46.14
 
 
Business segments 
Your Company operates in one business segment viz., 
Cephalosporin pharmaceu cals, in which the Company drives its 
major sales through Ac ve Pharmaceu cal Ingredients (APIs). 
The Company is an established Export Oriented Unit (“EOU”) 
with por olio of an bio cs, both Human and Veterinary 
products. An bio cs are life-saving drugs used to ﬁght infec ons. 
Diﬀerent classes of an bio cs include Beta-lactam, Macrolide, 
Fluoroquinolone, Imidazole etc. Cephalosporins are beta-lactam 
an microbials used to manage various infec ons from gram-
posi ve and gram-nega ve bacteria. The ﬁve genera ons of 
cephalosporins are useful against skin infec ons, urinary tract 
infec ons, lower respiratory tract infec ons, sexually 
transmi ed diseases, surgical prophylaxis, and other infec ons 
like meningi s.
We are pioneer produc on of Quality Cephalosporins
16
===== PAGE 20 =====
especially the sterile products, along with few veterinary 
products and are engaged in manufacturing and export of all ﬁve 
genera ons of cephalosporin products. Amongst an bio cs, the 
company has one of the widest ranges of cephalosporin APIs, 
spanning all 5 genera ons catering the need of various 
interna onal markets and is the one out of the only three USFDA 
approved facili es in the world. The Company has a strong global 
presence with a wide customer base.
Your Company is also engaged in manufacturing and export of 
general category ﬁnished dosage formula ons and an -infec ve 
ﬁnished dosage formula ons through its formula on facili es. 
Orchid is the only Indian Pharmaceu cal Company, to ever have 
invented a New Chemical En ty (NCE, also colloquially called 
New Drug), which is approved in US and Europe. This product is 
called Enmetazobactam and it shall be launched in India shortly. 
Global launch is also expected this year itself on which your 
company is en tled for royalty income.
Standalone Financials
During the FY 2023-24, your Company achieved an opera ng 
revenue of ₹819.37 crores against ₹665.90 crores in 2022-23. The 
Gross Proﬁt before interest, deprecia on and taxes during the 
year stood at ₹141.07 crores as against ₹103.05 crores in 2022-
23. A er providing for interest expense, deprecia on, 
excep onal item, the Proﬁt before tax of the Company for the FY 
was ₹94.75 Crores against ₹55.25 crores in 2022-23. The 
Comprehensive Proﬁt stood at ₹94.41 crores during 2023-24 
against ₹54.01 crores in 2022-23.
Consolidated Financials
During the FY 2023-24, your Company achieved an opera ng 
revenue of ₹819.37 crores as against ₹665.90 crores in 2022-23. 
The Gross Proﬁt before interest, deprecia on and taxes during 
the year stood at ₹141.53 crores against ₹103.05 crores in 2022-
23. A er providing for interest expense, deprecia on, 
excep onal item, the Proﬁt before tax of the Company for the FY 
was ₹91.95 Crores against ₹55.25 crores in 2022-23. The 
Comprehensive Proﬁt stood at ₹91.83 crores during 2023-24 
against ₹46.14 crores in 2022-23. 
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
The Standalone Basic EPS for con nuing opera ons of the 
Company stood at ₹19.59 for the FY ended March 31, 2024 as 
against ₹13.54 for the FY ended March 31, 2023 and Diluted 
stood at ₹19.59 as against ₹13.54 in the previous year.
Capex and Liquidity
During the year, the Company has spent ₹55.15 Crores on Plant & 
Equipment, etc., largely towards balancing facili es and essen al 
sustenance capital items. As on March 31, 2024, the Company 
has nil long-term secured ﬁnancial facility.
Material events during the year under review
I.   Scheme of Merger/Amalgama on:
During the year under review, the Scheme of Arrangement 
between M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited (“Transferee” or 
Amalgamated Company”) and M/s. Dhanuka Laboratories 
Limited (“Transferor” or “Amalgama ng Company”) and their 
respec ve shareholders and creditors ('Scheme') in compliance 
with Sec ons 230 to 232 and other relevant provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act” or “the Act”) as reviewed 
and recommended by the Audit Commi ee and Commi ee of 
Independent Directors was approved by the Board. 
The implementa on of the aforesaid Scheme, which is subject to 
the approval of Shareholders and other Statutory authori es 
would inter-alia enable both the transferor and transferee 
Companies to realize beneﬁt of greater synergies between their 
businesses, achieve wider product oﬀerings and geographical 
footprints, consolidate opera ons thereby leveraging the 
capability of the Amalgamated company, yield beneﬁcial results 
and pool ﬁnancial resources as well as managerial, technical, 
distribu on and marke ng resources of each other in the interest 
of maximizing value to their Shareholders and the Stakeholders 
with centraliza on of inventory and greater economies of scale. 
The Arrangement will ensure crea on of a combined en ty under 
the Amalgamated Company, as the holding en ty of the cluster, 
thereby resul ng in on- me supplies, eﬃciency of management 
and maximizing value for the shareholders.
The Company has ﬁled the Scheme of Arrangement between 
M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited (“Transferee” or Amalgamated 
Company ”) and M/s. Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 
(“Transferor” or “Amalgama ng Company”) and their respec ve 
shareholders and creditors ('Scheme') with the Stock Exchanges 
where securi es of the Company are listed viz. Na onal Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited and for their In-
Principal approval in accordance with the SEBI (Lis ng 
Obliga ons and Disclosures Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as 
amended (“SEBI Lis ng Regula ons”) read with the applicable 
Master Circulars framed thereunder and is awaited.
II.   Raising of Funds through Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement:
The Board of Directors of the Company at its mee ng held on 
December 01, 2022 approved raising of funds for an amount not 
exceeding ₹500 Crores through Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement 
route and the same was approved by the Shareholders of the 
Company via Special Resolu on at the Extra-Ordinary General 
mee ng held on December 29, 2022. 
The Company submi ed Preliminary Placement Documents and 
Placement Document to Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
and BSE Limited (“Stock Exchanges”) on June 22, 2023 and June 
27, 2023 respec vely. Upon receipt of In-Principle approval from 
the Stock Exchanges, the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on 
June 27, 2023 approved the allotment of 
172023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 21 =====
9,902,705 Equity Shares of face value ₹10 each to eligible 
qualiﬁed ins tu onal buyers at the issue price of ₹403.93 per 
Equity Share (including a premium of ₹393.93 per Equity Share), 
aggrega ng to ₹400.00 Crores, pursuant to the Issue in 
accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regula ons.
 
Consequently, the Promoter Shareholding in the Company 
stands decreased from 89.96% to 72.40% whereas the Public 
shareholding increased from 10.04% to 27.60% w.e.f. June 27, 
2023, thereby mee ng the Minimum Public Shareholding 
requirements under SEBI Lis ng Regula ons.
Future Outlook
With the acquisi on of Company by Dhanuka Group, four years 
ago and implementa on of the approved Resolu on Plan, your 
Company is moving in a grwoth trajectory. The con nuous eﬀorts 
of Management and en re staﬀ is playing pivotal role towards 
rebuilding the organiza on and taking it to greater heights. In 
terms of ﬁnancials, the objec ve of your Company is to 
con nuously pursue growth and improve EBITDA margins with 
increased capacity and more capabili es of outreach to newer 
markets. 
With the new Capaci es on Sterile and Oral products coming on 
line, and backward integra on, your company is now poised to be 
a global leader in the Cephalosporin space.
Management Discussion and Analysis report
A report on the Management Discussion and Analysis in terms of 
the provisions of Regula on 34 read with Schedule V of SEBI 
Lis ng Regula ons is presented as a separate Report in this 
Report.
Corporate Governance Report and Addi onal Shareholder's 
informa on
The Company ﬁrmly believes in adhering to Corporate 
Governance codes to ensure protec on of its investor's interest 
as well as healthy and sustainable growth of the Company. It 
upholds and adheres to highest standards of Corporate 
Governance and the requirements set out by the Securi es and 
Exchange Board of India.
A detailed report on Corporate Governance including the 
Cer ﬁcate issued by Company Secretary in Prac ce, for 
compliance with condi ons of Corporate Governance as 
s pulated in Part C of Schedule V of the SEBI LODR Regula ons is 
given in Annexure I of this Report including therein a cer ﬁcate 
from a Company Secretary in Prac ce that none of the directors 
on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualiﬁed 
from being appointed or con nuing as directors of companies by 
Board / Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory 
authority.
Board and Commi ees
Mee ngs of the Board of Directors
During the year under review, ten (10) mee ngs of the Board of 
Directors were held, details of the same are furnished in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Report. The 
Board Mee ngs were held in accordance with provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 & the relevant rules made there under and 
SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. A calendar of mee ngs is prepared and 
circulated in advance to the Directors. The intervening gap 
between the Mee ngs was within the period prescribed under 
the Act and the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. 
Commi ees of the Board
The Commi ees play a vital role in the eﬀec ve compliance and 
governance of the Company in line with their speciﬁed and 
dis nct terms of reference and role and responsibili es in 
accordance with the requirements of the SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, the Act and other applicable provisions. 
Your Board has cons tuted following statutory Commi ees and 
they func on according to their respec ve roles and deﬁned 
scope:
• Audit Commi ee 
• Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee 
• Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee 
• Risk Management Commi ee
• Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee
Details of composi on, terms of reference and number of 
mee ngs held for respec ve Commi ees along with the changes 
thereof are given in the Corporate Governance Report, which 
forms integral part of this Annual Report. 
Further, during the year under review, all recommenda ons 
made by the Audit Commi ee have been accepted by the Board. 
The Chairman/ Secretary of the respec ve Commi ees report to 
the Board on the delibera ons and decisions taken by the 
Commi ees. 
Adequacy of Internal Financial Control System
The Internal Financial Controls of the company encompasses the 
p o l i c i e s ,  s t a n d a r d  o p e ra   n g  p ro c e d u r e  m a n u a l s , 
approval/authoriza on matrix, circulars/ guidelines, and risk & 
control matrices adopted by the company for ensuring the 
orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its business & support func ons, 
adherence to these policies & procedures, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the preven on and detec on of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accoun ng records, and the 
 mely prepara on of reliable ﬁnancial informa on during the 
process of ﬁnancial repor ng.
18

===== PAGE 22 =====
The Statutory Auditors of the Company has shown their 
sa sfac on on the Internal Financial Controls established by the 
Company over Financial Repor ng System in compliance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Repor ng issued by the Ins tute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.
Regulatory Filings and Approvals
In the generic formula ons domain, your company currently 
holds 06 ANDAs and in the API (Ac ve Pharmaceu cal 
Ingredients) domain, Orchid's cumula ve ﬁlings of US DMF stand 
at 48. The break-up of the total ﬁlings is 30 in the Cephalosporin 
Segment and 18 in NPNC segment. In European market space the 
cumula ve ﬁlings of COS (Cer ﬁcate of Suitability) count 
remained at 15 (15 approved) which pertains to the 
cephalosporin segment. In the Japan market, the cumula ve 
ﬁlings of JDMFs count remained at 8 all in Cephalosporin 
segment. 01 Na onal ﬁling (ASMF) and approved in Italy, EU. 01 
CADIFA applica on ﬁled with ANVISA, Brazil (LATAM).
Intellectual Property Rights
The total number of ac ve patent por olio maintained by Orchid 
in various na onal and interna onal patent oﬃce's so far is 24 
including Process & New Chemical En  es (NCE). Out of 24 
patents, your Company have been granted and hold 22 patents, 2 
patent applica ons are published as of March 31, 2024. 
Orchid had ﬁled a patent applica on in the last FY 2023-24.
Your Company has a total of 11 trademark registra ons in India. 
Dividend & Reserves
To strengthen the ﬁnancial posi on of the Company, the Board 
decided to plough back the proﬁts and do not recommend any 
dividend for the FY ended March 31, 2024, with an aim to 
augment its reserves. Also, no amount has been transferred to 
the reserves.
Dividend Distribu on Policy
In accordance with Regula on 43A of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, as 
amended, top 1000 listed en  es based on market capitaliza on 
are required to formulate a Dividend Distribu on Policy and 
disclose the same on the website of the Company and a web link 
of the policy be disclosed in the Annual Report.
The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Dividend 
Distribu on Policy, which aims to ensure fairness, sustainability 
and consistency in distribu ng proﬁts to the Shareholders. The 
Policy is available on the website of the Company i.e. 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Dividend%20Distri
bu on%20policy.pdf
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Repor ng (BRSR)
The Company primarily focuses on adop on of prac ces for the 
sustainable growth with the hand in hand opera on to the 
responsible behavior towards the environment and society at 
large. The Company has provided Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report, which indicates the Company's 
performance against the principles of 'Na onal Guidelines on 
Responsible Business Conduct' and would enable the Members 
to have an insight into environmental, social and governance 
ini a ves of the Company. 
Further, in accordance with the provisions of Regula on 34 of the 
SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, which mandates the inclusion of 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report as part of the 
Annual Report for the top 1000 listed en  es based on market 
capitaliza on, the BRSR Report forms part of this Annual Report 
as Annexure II and the same is available on Company's website at 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_Annualreports.html. 
Employees Stock Op on Plan
Company do not have any ac ve employee stock op on plan or 
employee stock op on scheme as on March 31, 2024.
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURES
Your Company does not have any Material subsidiary, however as 
on the date of this Annual Report the Company has six 
Subsidiaries, including two step down Subsidiaries namely;
A.   Subsidiaries
I.    Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA 
Bexel was incorporated basically to conduct Research & 
Development ac vi es in new drug discovery segment.
ii.   Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA
Orchid Pharmaceu cals, Inc., is a wholly owned Delaware based 
subsidiary of your Company and also the holding company in the 
United States, under which all the opera onal business 
subsidiaries have been structured.
The Company currently has two opera ng Subsidiaries, namely 
Orgenus Pharma Inc., USA and Orchid Pharma Inc./ Karalex 
Pharma LLC, USA.
iii.   Diakron Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA
Diakron Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA was engaged in business of 
cardiovascular drug development.
192023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 23 =====
iv.   Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited
Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited was incorporated as an Indian Wholly 
owned Subsidiary (“WoS”) of your Company on March 24, 2022. 
The main object of the aforesaid WoS is manufacturing of biotech 
chemicals, intermediates and biotechnology products. The WoS 
is yet to commence its business opera ons.
In the ma er, IFCI Limited vide its le er bearing reference 
IFCI/CASD/DoP/PLI220715016 approved the applica on under 
the PLI Scheme to Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited for manufacture of 
the product “7 ACA” with a commi ed capacity of 1000 Metric 
Tonnes Per Annum and for a total incen ve up to ₹600 Crores 
during the tenure of the scheme i.e., FY 2023-24  ll FY 2028-29. 
The Company is in process of se ng up a facility in Jammu for 
manufacturing 7ACA under the PLI Scheme. 7ACA is a cri cal raw 
material for manufacturing cephalosporins and in-house 
produc on of 7ACA under the PLI scheme will enable us to do 
backward integra on, achieve a cap ve source of supply and 
be er gross margins. 
During the year under review, the Company has acquired 3.85 
acres of Industrial Land worth ₹3.39 Crores for manufacturing of 
7ACA under the PLI Scheme. 
The Company made an addi onal Investment of ₹14,99,99,000/- 
(Rupees Fourteen Crores Ninety Nine Lakhs and Ninety Nine 
Thousand Only) in the Equity shares of the WoS to meet its 
ﬁnancial needs for the se ng up of projects, inter-alia, for which 
the Company has raised the Funds through QIP during the year. 
The Board of Directors of Orchid Bio-Pharma at its mee ng held 
on April 26, 2023 approved the allotment of 1,49,99,000 (One 
Crore forty nine lakhs ninety nine thousand) equity shares of 
₹10/- each on Right Issue basis to the Company.
The Company holds complete shareholding of WoS including the 
vo ng rights and 6 shares through Nominee shareholders with 1 
each, forming 0.00% of the total capital, as on date of this Report.
Policy for determining material subsidiaries
Your Company has framed a Policy for determining material 
subsidiaries in compliance with Regula on 16(1)(c) of the Lis ng 
Regula ons in order to determine the material subsidiaries of the 
Company and the same is available at the website of the 
Company and the web link for the same is
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Policy%20for%20
Material%20Subsidiaries_v-2.0.pdf.
B.   Associate Company
Your Company had ini ally subscribed to 26% of paid up equity 
share capital of M/s. OrBion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 
(“OrBion”) by virtue of which the Company has become an 
Associate of your Company. 
The total shares subscribed by your Company in OrBion as on 
March 31, 2024 is 4,55,00,000 equity shares of ₹10/- each 
cons tu ng 26% of paid up equity share capital of M/s OrBion 
Pharmaceu cals Private Limited.
The Consolidated Financial Statement (“CFS”) of the Company 
were prepared inter-alia including the ﬁnancials of OrBion and 
the percentage share of loss of your company in the associates 
has increased from (₹2.15) crores of 2022-23 to (₹2.90) in the 
year of 2023-24.
C.   Joint Ventures
As on March 31, 2024, the Company does not have any Joint 
Venture.
Highlights of the performance of subsidiaries and their 
contribu on to the overall performance of the Company during 
the period under report
During the period under review, the subsidiaries including step 
down subsidiaries have NIL Revenue from opera on and 
therefore have no contribu on in consolidated sales of the 
Company. 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its mee ng held on May 
22, 2021, had approved the closure/divestment of all subsidiaries 
including step down subsidiaries due to inopera ve/lack of 
revenue and/or high expenses. 
Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited, a Wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company stands deregistered vide 
Cer ﬁcate dated January 31, 2024 issued by “Companies and 
Intellectual Property Commission”, Pretoria South Africa. 
Addi onally, Orchid Europe Limited, United Kingdom has been 
dissolved on September 27, 2022.
Further Steps are being taken to close/divest remaining 
subsidiaries (including step down subsidiaries) of the Company.
Consolidated Financial Statements
Pursuant to Sec on 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements presented by the Company 
include the ﬁnancial statements of its subsidiaries. Further, a 
statement containing the salient features of the ﬁnancial 
statements of the subsidiaries of the Company in the prescribed 
form AOC-1 is given in Annexure-III & forms part of this Annual 
Report. This statement also provides the details of the 
performance and ﬁnancial posi on of each subsidiary in 
accordance with Sec on 136 of the Companies Act, 2013.
20

===== PAGE 24 =====
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
st
As on 31  March 2024, the Board of the Company has total Eight Directors comprising of two directors in the category of Key Managerial 
Personal as Managing Director and Whole-Time Director, two Non-Execu ve Director and four Independent Directors (including one 
Woman Independent Director).
Following changes occurred in the directorships / key managerial posi ons (KMP) of the Company during the FY 2023-24:
Sr. 
No.  
Name of Director/key 
managerial posi ons 
(KMP)  
Par culars  of Change (Appointment / 
Resigna on/Others)  
Eﬀec ve Date of 
change 
1.  Mr. Arjun Dhanuka  Appointed as Non - Execu ve Director w.e.f. October 
20, 2023  
October 20, 2023 
2.  Ms. Marina Peter  Resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance 
Oﬃcer w.e.f. Dece mber 12, 2023  due to personal 
reasons  
December 12, 2023 
3.  Mr. Kapil Dayya  Basis  the recommenda on of the Nomina on and 
Remunera on Commi ee, the Board of Directors 
approved the appointment of Mr. Kapil Dayya  as 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer w.e.f 
December 16, 2023 .  
December 16, 2023 
Further, following changes occurred in the directorships / key managerial posi ons (KMP) of the Company a er closure of the FY 2023-
24:
Sr. 
No.  
Name of Director/key 
managerial posi ons 
(KMP)  
Par cular s of Change (Appointment / 
Resigna on/Others)  
Eﬀec ve Date of 
change 
1.  Mr. Mudit Tandon  Resigned from the posi on of Independent Director of 
the Company w.e.f. April 12, 2024  
April 12, 2024 
2.  Ms. Shubha Singh  Appointed as Woman Independent Director  of the 
Company w.e.f. May 23, 2024  
May 23, 2024 
In terms of Sec on 203 of the Act, following are the KMPs of the 
Company as on March 31, 2024:
1.   Mr. Manish Dhanuka       Managing Director 
2.   Mr. Mridul Dhanuka      Whole Time Director
3.   Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta        Chief Financial Oﬃcer
4.   Mr. Kapil Dayya      Company Secretary
Declara on of Independence by the Independent Director and 
Board opnion
All Independent Directors (IDs) have given a declara on that they 
meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Sec on 
149(6) of the Act and Regula on 16 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. All 
the IDs of the Company have registered their names with the data 
bank of IDs maintained by the Indian Ins tute of Corporate Aﬀairs 
(IICA). Further, in terms of Regula on 25(8) of the SEBI LODR 
Regula ons, the Independent Directors have conﬁrmed that they 
are not aware of any circumstances or situa on which exist or 
may be an cipated, that could impair or impact their ability to 
discharge their du es. Further, in the opinion of the Board, 
Independent Directors qualify the criteria of Independent 
Director as men oned in the Act and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons and 
are independent of the management.
The Board opines that all the Independent Directors of the 
Company strictly adhere to corporate integrity, possesses 
requisite exper se, experience and qualiﬁca ons to discharge 
the assigned du es and responsibili es as mandated by the 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons diligently.
Further, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors 
fulﬁll the condi ons speciﬁed in these regula ons and are 
independent of the management. 
212023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 25 =====
Director(s) re ring by rota on at the ensuing Annual General 
Mee ng and whether or not they oﬀer themselves for re-
appointment
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the Ar cles of Associa on of the Company, Mr.  Ram Gopal 
Agarwal (DIN: 00627386), re res at the ensuing Annual General 
Mee ng (AGM), and being eligible, oﬀers himself for re-
appointment under the category of Director re re by rota on. 
The Board considering his vast experience, knowledge, exper se, 
performance, enriched guidance role, recommends the re-
appointment of Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal.
A resolu on seeking shareholders' approval for his re-
appointment along with brief proﬁle and other required details 
forms part of the No ce to the ensuing Annual General Mee ng.
During the year under review, the Non-Execu ve Directors of the 
Company had no pecuniary rela onship or transac ons with the 
Company, other than si ng fees and reimbursement of 
expenses, if any.
Annual Return
In accordance with Sec on 92(3) and sec on 134 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12 of the Companies 
(Management and Administra on) Rules, 2014, every company 
shall place a copy of the annual return on the website of the 
Company, if any, and the web-link of such annual return shall be 
disclosed in the Board's report. A copy of the Annual return of the 
Company is available on the website of the Company on 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/annualreports/MG
T%20-7/MGT-7%202022-23.pdf  under the “Investors” sec on.
Nomina on & Remunera on Policy (NRC Policy)
The Company has formulated the Nomina on and Remunera on 
Policy in compliance with Sec on 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read along with the applicable Rules thereto and Part D of 
Schedule II of Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Lis ng 
Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as 
amended. The objec ve of this policy is to ensure adequate and 
proper selec on and appointment of Directors, Senior 
Management Personnel and Key Managerial Personnel. NRC 
Policy determines the criteria of appointment to the Board and is 
vested with the authority to iden fy candidates for appointment 
to the Board of Directors. In evalua ng the suitability of a person 
for appointment / con nuing to hold appointment as a Director, 
the Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee (“NRC”) takes 
into account apart from others, Board diversity, person's 
eligibility, qualiﬁca on, skills, exper se, track record, general 
understanding of the business, professional ethics, integrity, 
values and other ﬁt and proper criteria. Based on 
recommenda on of the NRC, the Board evaluates the 
candidate(s) and decides on the selec on of the appropriate 
member. In case of re-appointment of any Board member, NRC 
basis evalua on scores of the concerned Board member 
pursuant to performance evalua on, recommends its decision to 
the Board to extend or con nue the term of appointment of the 
Board members. Addi onally, NRC recommends to the board, 
remunera on, in whatever form, payable to senior management. 
Further, it is aﬃrmed that the remunera on to the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel is 
being ﬁxed based on the criteria and parameters men oned in 
the Nomina on and Remunera on Policy of the Company.
The Policy is available on the website of the Company and the 
web-link for the same is
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Nomina on%20an
d%20Remunera on%20Policy.pdf.
Appointment and Remunera on of Non- Execu ve Directors
Non-Execu ve Directors are en tled to receive si ng fees for 
a ending the mee ngs of the Board or Commi ees thereof, as 
approved by the Board and within the overall limits prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and rules thereunder.
The Criteria for determining independence of a director are 
based on the academic accomplishments, qualiﬁca ons, 
exper se and experience in the respec ve ﬁelds, diversity of the 
Board, global exposure, professional network, technical 
exper se, func onal domain exper se, independence and 
innova on.
Related Party Transac on(s) and Policy
The Related Party Transac ons entered into by the Company 
during the year under review were on arm's length basis and in 
the ordinary course of business. Further, all the transac ons 
entered with Related Party/s during the FY were in accordance 
with the Related Party Transac ons Policy of the Company and in 
pursuance of approval granted by the Audit Commi ee. 
Further, pursuant to Regula on 23(3) of the Lis ng Regula ons 
and Rule 6A of the Companies (Mee ngs of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014, the Audit Commi ee granted omnibus approval to 
the transac ons likely to be entered into by the Company with 
related par es during the year which are of repe  ve nature. 
Members may refer to Note No. 50 to the Financial Statement 
which sets out transac ons with Related Par es disclosures 
pursuant to IND AS-24.
Your Company has framed a Related Party Transac on Policy in 
compliance with Sec on 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regula on 23 of SEBI (Lis ng Obliga on and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, in order to ensure proper 
repor ng and approval of transac ons with related par es. All 
Related Party Transac ons are placed before the Audit 
Commi ee for approval as per the Related Party Transac ons 
Policy of the Company as approved by the Board The Policy is 
available on the website of the Company and the web-link for the 
22

===== PAGE 26 =====
the same is
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/RPT.pdf
Furthermore, in accordance with the provisions of Sec on 134(3) 
of the Act read with Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the 
details of 'material' contracts or arrangements or transac ons 
and in form AOC-2 is given in Annexure IV to this Annual Report.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
As per Audited Annual Financial Statements of the Company for 
the FY ended March 31, 2024, the Company meets the thresholds 
as prescribed under Sec on 135 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The Company has a Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee 
(“CSR Commi ee”) comprising three (3) members, as detailed in 
the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Annual 
Report. The Company has adequately framed the CSR Policy to 
adhere with the CSR obliga ons of the Company and the Policy is 
hosted on website of the Company at
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Orchid%20CSR%2
0Policy-approved.pdf.
However, in accordance with the statutory requirement of the 
Act, the Company had Nil obliga on towards CSR Expenditures 
during the F.Y. 2023-24, being the nega ve proﬁt, computed as 
the average net proﬁt of previous three FYs commencing from 
2020-21 to 2022-23 and therefore, no CSR expenditure has been 
done under Sec on 135 of the Companies Act during the FY 2023-
24.
In terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, 
the Annual Report on CSR ac vi es inter-alia including detailed 
informa on on CSR Policy, its salient features, CSR obliga ons of 
the Company, details pertaining to spent and unspent amount, is 
annexed as Annexure- V to this Annual Report. 
Material changes and commitment, if any, aﬀec ng ﬁnancial 
posi on of the Company from the end of FY and  ll the date of 
this Report
Except otherwise stated herein in this Report, there are no 
material changes and commitment aﬀec ng ﬁnancial posi on of 
the Company from the closure of FY ended on March 31, 2024 
and  ll the date of this Annual Report.
Conserva on of Energy
Your Company has always been striving in the ﬁeld of energy 
conserva on. The management has been highly conscious of the 
importance of conserva on of energy at all opera onal levels and 
eﬀorts are made in this direc on on a con nuous basis. With the 
available limited resources, certain measures to conserve energy 
and to reduce associated costs were taken in a small way during 
the FY under review. The par culars in respect to conserva on of 
energy as required under Sec on 134(3)(m) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, are given in Annexure VI to this report.
Technology Absorp on
The par culars in respect of R&D/Technology absorp on as 
required under Sec on 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
are given in Annexure VII to this report.
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
The par culars in respect of Foreign Exchange Earnings and 
Outgo as required under Sec on 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 
2013 are given in Annexure VIII to this report.
Risk Management
Every business has variety of associated risks with its structure 
and for the long-term growth its on-going process to iden fy such 
risks and mi gate them to the best extent. The Company has 
properly analysed the risks and the details and the process of Risk 
Management as were exis ng and implemented in the Company 
are provided as part of Management Discussion and Analysis, 
which forms part of this Annual Report.
The Board of Directors of the Company has cons tuted a Risk 
Management Commi ee, responsible to manage uncertain es 
through iden ﬁca on, analysis, assessment, implemen ng, 
monitoring and periodically review of the eﬀec veness of the risk 
management plan and make appropriate changes as and when 
necessary, to reduce the impact of risks to the business. The Risk 
Management Commi ee's role is aligned to the requirements of 
the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, 2015 and 
other applicable regulatory requirements. The Company has laid 
down procedures to inform the Board about the risk assessment 
and minimiza on procedures. The details of the Commi ee and 
its terms of reference are set out in the Corporate Governance 
Report forming part of this Annual Report.
Your Company has framed a Risk Management Policy to ensure 
that the company has proper and con nuous risk iden ﬁca on 
and management process in place to manage the risks associated 
with its ac vi es. The Policy is available on the website of the 
Company and the web-link for the same is
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/RMC%20Policy.pdf
Annual Evalua on of Board, its Commi ees and Individual 
Directors
In terms of provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regula on 
17(10) read with Regula on 25(4) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the 
Board is required to conduct an annual performance evalua on 
of its own performance, the performance of the Directors 
individually as well as the evalua on of the working of its 
Commi ees through ques onnaires designed with qualita ve 
parameters and feedback based on ra ngs. 
In view of the above, the Board carried out an annual 
232023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 27 =====
performance evalua on of its own performance, the Directors 
individually, the Chairman of the Board and its Commi ees as per 
the evalua on framework adopted by the Board on the 
recommenda on of the Nomina on and Remunera on 
Commi ee. The performance evalua on has been done by the 
en re Board of Directors, excluding the Director being evaluated. 
Various evalua on techniques are used to assess the 
performance of the Directors. The Directors have par cipated in 
this evalua on process. The Independent Directors in their 
separate mee ng have also evaluated the performance of the 
Chairman of the Company, Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board as a whole. Separate ques onnaires were used to evaluate 
the performance of individual Directors on parameters such as 
their par cipa on and contribu on, objec ve judgment etc. The 
Chairman was also evaluated based on the key aspects of his role.
The summary to the annual performance evalua on has been 
included in the Corporate Governance Report forming integral 
part of this Annual Report containing the
 skills/exper se/competencies of the Individual Directors of the 
Company. 
Change in the Nature of Business
There is no change in the nature of business carried on by your 
company during the FY ended March 31, 2024. 
Change of Registered Oﬃce Address of the Company 
During the FY ended March 31, 2024, Board of Directors has 
approved the shi ing of Registered oﬃce the Company within 
the State in its mee ng held on July 12, 2023 from 'Orchid Towers 
313-Vallur Ko am High Road, Nungambakkam Chennai-600034 
to Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO 
Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u District-603110, Tamil 
Nadu and same had been approved by the Members of the 
Company in the Annual General Mee ng held on August 09, 
2023.
Details regarding deposits, covered under Chapter V of the Act
During the FY 2023-24, your company did not accept any deposits 
within the meaning of Sec on 73 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits), Rules 2014 
and as such no amount of principal or interest was outstanding as 
of the balance sheet date.
Signiﬁcant and Material Orders Passed by the Regulators or 
Courts or Tribunals impac ng the Going Concern status of the 
Company
There have been no signiﬁcant nor material orders passed by the 
regulators or courts or tribunals impac ng the going concern 
status and Company's opera ons. 
Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy
Your Company has established a vigil mechanism under Sec on 
177(9) of the Act and Regula on 22 of SEBI Lis ng Regula on 
which enables the Directors & the Employees report genuine 
concerns. The Company encourages its employees who have 
concerns about unethical prac ces, fraud and mismanagement, 
actual or suspected fraud or viola on of the Company's code of 
conduct or ethics policy and any leak/suspected leak of 
Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on or gross misconduct by 
the employees of the Company, if any, that can lead to ﬁnancial 
loss or reputa onal risk to the organiza on, to come forward and 
express their concerns without fear of punishment or unfair 
treatment.
The mechanism allows direct access to Chairperson of the Audit 
Commi ee and also Managing Director in excep onal cases and 
provides safeguard against the vic miza on of whistle blowers. 
The Company has Whistle Blower Policy for the same and is 
available on the website of the Company, which can be accessed 
from the web link
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Policy%20on%20%
20Whistle%20Blower.pdf
During the year under review, no complaint pertaining to the 
Company was received under the Whistle Blower mechanism.
The details on the same are covered in the Corporate Governance 
Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Code of Conduct on Preven on of Insider Trading
Pursuant to SEBI (Prohibi on of Insider Trading) Regula on 2015, 
as amended, the Company has adopted a Code of Preven on of 
Insider Trading with a view to regulate trading in securi es by the 
Directors and the Designated Persons of the Company. The Code 
requires pre-clearance for dealing in the Company's shares prior 
to breach of trading limits men oned therein and prohibits the 
purchase or sale of Company shares by the Directors and the 
Designated Persons while in possession of unpublished price 
sensi ve informa on in rela on to the Company or during the 
period when the Trading Window is closed. All the Board 
Members and the Senior Management Personnel of the 
Company have aﬃrmed compliance with the Code of Conduct as 
on March 31, 2024.
Copy of the Code is also available on the website of the Company 
at
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/codeofconduct/Co
de%20of%20Conduct%20under%20Insider%20Trading%20Reg
ula ons_v-2.1.pdf
Disclosure under the sexual harassment of women at work 
place (Preven on, Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 2013
The Company has in place Preven on of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace Policy in line with the requirements of The sexual
24

===== PAGE 28 =====
Harassment of Women at the Work Place (Preven on, 
Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. 
An Internal Complaints Commi ee (ICC) is in place as per the 
requirements of the said Act to redress complaints received 
regarding sexual harassment. 
All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are 
covered under this policy. No case has been reported during the 
year under review.
The details pertaining to cap oned header are disclosed in the 
Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this Annual 
Report. 
Environment
Environment management is the prime concern of Orchid 
Pharma Limited. Orchid has employed a state-of-the-art 
technology, zero liquid discharge (ZLD) treatment plant and world 
class treatment facili es for its liquid and gaseous pollutants 
generated from the produc on processes. The zero discharge of 
liquid eﬄuent comprises of Membrane Bio Reactor, Reverse 
Osmosis, Solvent Stripping Column, Thermal Evapora on & 
Agitated thin ﬁlm dryers (ATFDs) to treat the en re eﬄuent and 
recycle back into the system.
Waste Water Treatment
Low TDS eﬄuent is collected, equalized and neutralized into 
neutral pH and treated aerobically by Membrane Bio Reactor 
process comprising of aeropac equipped with jet aera on system 
made up of Glass Fiber Reinforced Plas c / Original 
Hydrodynamic Aerators & Ultraﬁltra on System loaded with 
ceramic membrane. The permeate from ultraﬁltra on passes 
through reverse osmosis and disc RO plant to separate inorganic 
salts. The permeate of reverse osmosis and Disc RO plant are 
u lized in the cooling towers as make up water. The reject from 
the reverse osmosis plant is further treated in disc RO plant. The 
reject from the Disc RO plant is mixed with high total dissolved 
solids eﬄuent for further treatment. The excess bio mass from 
the aerobic system is centrifuged and sent to bio compos ng 
process to convert into useful manure.
High TDS eﬄuent is collected and neutralized into neutral PH. 
This eﬄuent is sent to Mechanical Evaporators (Single stage and 
three stage) to concentrate the salts to the level of 35%. Heat 
energy is recovered during the process of evapora ng the 
eﬄuent and the recovered heat energy is u lized to reduce the 
energy consump on. The concentrate from the evaporators are 
sent to Agitated Thin Film Dryers (ATFD) where it gets dried and 
the dried salt is collected at the bo om of ATFD. The collected salt 
is bagged, stored in protected storage sheds and disposed as per 
hazardous waste authoriza on. 
Waste Air Treatment
The major emissions from the unit is from the boiler, power plant, 
produc on process and powder processing area.
Process Scrubbers
Orchid installed process scrubbers in all produc on blocks to 
treat the waste air generated from process reactors. 
Vent Gas Condensa on
 
Orchid installed vent gas condensa on system for fugi ve 
emissions from the storage tanks of solvents and secondary 
condensers of solvent recovery area to control the fugi ve 
emissions.
Reverse Jet Venturi Filter
Orchid installed reverse jet venturi ﬁlter to control the dust 
emission during the powder processing of bulk drugs. 
Adequate Stack Height
Adequate stack heights are provided for Steam Boiler and Power 
Plant for be er dispersion.
Electro Sta c Precipitator (ESP) 
ESP is provided at the boiler emission to control the par culate 
ma er.
Ambient Air Quality and Stack Emission Monitoring
Ambient air quality and stack emission monitoring is being 
carried out round the clock to check the emission level in the 
atmosphere.
Hazardous waste Management
Hazardous wastes are collected and stored in protected storage 
shed and disposed as per hazardous waste authoriza on.  
Bio compos ng
Bio sludge generated from the biological process of eﬄuent 
treatment are converted into useful compost.
World Environment Day Celebra on
th
World Environment Day was celebrated on 5  June, 2023 by 
plan ng trees with in our factory premises to create awareness 
on environment among employees.
Safety
Orchid is highly commi ed to Safety, Health and Environment 
aspects. There is no compromise on cri cal needs of safety. This 
has been possible because of commi ed Line Management, 
dedicated Safety Professionals and relentless Leadership 
direc on. Central Safety Commi ee (CSC), the apex commi ee of 
the organiza on have ensured that risks have been contained to 
keep us free from any major incident. Orchid strongly believes 
that human behaviour plays key role in safety management. To 
reinforce that Safety observa on & Audit (SOA) – Lead indicator, 
become key focus area always in our Central Safety Commi ee 
mee ngs. CSC con nues to meet every month review cri cal 
concerns on Safety and also provides direc ons to minimize the 
risks at all levels.
252023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 29 =====
Orchid welcomes and treats the contractors as partners of our 
business. We look forward for safe execu on of the assignment 
and for long-term associa on with every contractor. Orchid 
commi ed to protect the health and safety of employees, 
contractors/contract workers, visitors and community and it 
forms an important part of our SHE policy.  
With regard to the compliance of the relevant statutory 
requirements, we prac ce the safety instruc ons for contractors 
and their workmen in order to maintain the desired standard of 
safety at work.
Process Safety is of paramount importance for any Chemical and 
Pharmaceu cal organiza on, therefore, we have built a strong 
Process safety culture at Orchid over the years. The company also 
realized the need of eﬀec ve safety communica on in culture 
building ac vity / exercise. This is backed up by periodical safety 
talks, Safety Posters and Interac ve discussions. Safety-related 
ini a ves, Awareness campaigns were conducted to promote a 
“zero incidents” mindset among employees and contract 
employees. These eﬀorts resulted in behavioural change, making 
FY 2023-24 a zero-reportable-incidents year. By applying risk 
assessment like Hazop study, Pre startup safety review, Job safety 
Analysis, technologies at work on chemicals and process, we 
ensured that highest workplace safety standards were 
implemented across the manufacturing value chain. 
Orchid also believes con nuous learning is the cri cal element in 
Safety Management. Hence, various training programs have 
been conducted in the year 2023-24 to reinforce the safe 
behaviour and also to enhance the necessary skills to perform the 
job safely. We organized training for our employees and contract 
employees covering Chemical safety-SDS, Work Permit System, 
Fire preven on & mi ga on, Emergency preparedness, First aid 
and Process Safety Management. As a part of our commitment to 
enhance employee and contract employees awareness on EHS-
related ma ers, several awareness campaigns and safety 
exhibi ons were held around Na onal Safety Week, Fire Services 
Week, World Health Day. The company exhibits safety modules at 
state level exhibi on conducted by Tamil Nadu Government. Also 
conduc ng safety awareness program to the nearby community 
and educa onal sectors as a part of Corporate Social 
Responsibility. 
Emergency response planning are cri cal component of our EHS 
management system. We have a well-trained emergency 
response team (ERT) and advanced ﬁre protec on systems to 
respond quickly to emergencies. During the year, several EHS 
training workshops were held to augment the ERT's eﬃciency to 
ensure swi  response during any emergency.
Par culars of Employees and Remunera on
The Informa on as required pursuant to Sec on 197(12) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remunera on of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, are given in Annexure IX to this Annual Report. 
Remunera on paid to Execu ve Directors
During the year under review, remunera on received by Mr. 
Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director and Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, 
Whole  me Director of your Company for the FY ended March 31, 
2024 and the details for the same is given in the Corporate 
Governance Report forming part of this Annual Report.
Further, in accordance with the provisions of Sec on 197 of the 
Act and Regula on 17 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Company 
had sought the approval of members via. Special Resolu on in 
the Annual General Mee ng of the Company held on August 09, 
2023, for remunera on paid to the Managing Director and Whole 
Time Director during the FY 2023-24.
Addi onally, subject to the approval of the Members, the 
Company has proposed the remunera on to be paid to the 
Managing Director and Whole Time Director, as stated in the 
Explanatory Statement annexed to the No ce of the ensuing 
Annual General Mee ng and forming part of this Annual Report.
Par culars of Loans, Guarantees or investments under Sec on 
186 of the Companies Act, 2013
Par culars of Loans, Guarantees or investments as required 
under Sec on 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are provided in the 
Note no. 6 & 15 to Standalone ﬁnancial statements for the FY 
2023-24, which forms part of this Annual Report.
Lis ng on Stock Exchanges
The equity shares of your Company are listed on Na onal Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE). The 
annual lis ng fees for the year 2024-25 have been paid to both 
the Stock Exchanges. Also, the Company has duly paid the 
Depository Fees to Na onal Securi es and Depositories Limited 
(“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services Limited (“CDSL”). 
Transfer of Shares to the Investor Educa on and Protec on 
Fund (IEPF)
In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, read with the Companies Investor Educa on and 
Protec on Fund Authority (Accoun ng, Audit, Transfer and 
Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the IEPF Rules”), all the Unpaid or 
Unclaimed dividends including the Shares on which dividend has 
not claimed are required to be transferred by the Company to the 
IEPF Authority a er the comple on of seven years. During the 
period under review the Company was not required and had not 
transferred any amount or shares to the IEPF Authority and the 
details pertaining to the same are disclosed in the Corporate 
Governance Report annexed to this Annual Report.
26

===== PAGE 30 =====
Details of applica on made or any proceeding pending under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during the year 
along with their status as at the end of the Financial Year
There were no applica on ﬁled or pending under the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 against the company during the year.
The details of diﬀerence between amount of the valua on done 
while taking loan from the Banks or Financial Ins tu ons along 
with the reasons thereof
Not Applicable to the company.
Auditors
Statutory Auditors
In terms of the provisions of Sec on 139 of the Companies Act, 
2013, M/s. Singhi & Co., Chartered Accountants,(Firm 
Registra on No. 004915S), were appointed as Company's 
Statutory Auditors pursuant to a resolu on passed by the 
Shareholders at the AGM held on July 15, 2022 for a period of ﬁve 
years, from FY Year 2022-23 to 2026-27. The ﬁnancial statements 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for FY 2023-24 have been audited 
by M/s. Singhi & Co., Chartered Accountants. 
Statutory Auditors' Report
The Auditors have audited the standalone and consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements of the Company for the FY ended March 31, 
2024 and have issued an un-modiﬁed Auditors Report on 
Standalone Financial Statement. However, Auditor Report on 
Consolidated Financial Statement contains modiﬁed opinion. The 
detailed report of the Statutory Auditor forms part of this 
Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2023-24. The 
informa on w.r.t the modiﬁed opinion of the Statutory Auditors 
on the Consolidated Financial Statement and Management 
response thereon is included in the Statement of Impact of Audit 
Qualiﬁca on annexed to the Corporate Governance Report, 
which forms part of this Annual Report.  
Secretarial Auditor
Pursuant to Sec on 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment & Remunera on of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors appointed M/s. 
S.Dhanapal & Associates LLP (Prac cing Company Secretaries) to 
conduct the Secretarial audit of your Company for the FY 2023-
24. The Secretarial Audit Report in form MR-3 is forming part of 
this Annual Report as Annexure X.
Further, in terms of Regula on 24A of the SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, the Material Unlisted Subsidiary of the Company, if 
any, shall also submit Secretarial Audit Report to the Holding 
Company. However, there is no material unlisted subsidiary 
incorporated in India.
Further, basis the recommenda on of the Audit Commi ee, the 
Board has re-appointed M/s. S Dhanapal & Associates LLP 
(Prac cing Company Secretaries), as Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company for the FY 2024-25.
Secretarial Auditor qualiﬁca ons
The Qualiﬁca ons stated in the Secretarial Audit Report issued by 
the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for the F.Y 2023-24 are:
• Non maintenance of Minimum Public Shareholding as 
prescribed under Rule 19(2) and Rule 19A of the Securi es 
Contracts (Regula on) Rules, 1957 and Regula on 38 of SEBI 
(LODR) Regula ons, 2015 - the Company received email 
from Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE 
Limited (collec vely referred as “Stock Exchanges”) on May 
25, 2023 imposing ﬁne and seeking clariﬁca on from the 
Company for non-compliance. The Company paid the ﬁne 
and responded to the Stock Exchanges by 31st May, 2023 
and further the company made qualiﬁed ins tu ons 
placement of equity shares on 27th June, 2023 and the 
lis ng approval for same was received on 30th June, 2023; 
therea er the requirement of Minimum Public Shareholding 
has been complied with;
• Limited review by statutory auditor of audit of companies 
whose accounts are consolidated with the company as 
required under Regula on 33(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regula ons, 
2015 has not been carried as stated in the report of the 
Statutory Auditor on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements 
of the Company.
Board Comments:
Qualiﬁca on for Non maintenance of Minimum Public 
Shareholding is self-explanatory. And the qualiﬁca on regarding 
the audit of companies whose accounts are consolidated with 
the company has been adequately addressed in the Statement on 
Impact of Audit Qualiﬁca ons forming part of this Annual Report.
Details of Fraud Reportable by Auditor 
During the year under review, neither the statutory auditors nor 
the secretarial auditors of the Company has disclosed any 
instance of fraud commi ed against the Company by its oﬃcers 
or employees required to be disclosed in terms of Sec on 143(12) 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
In terms of Regula on 24A of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the 
Annual Secretarial Compliance Report for F.Y. 23-24 has been 
ﬁled with Stock Exchanges and the same is available on the 
website of the Company at 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Annual%20Secreta
rial%20Compliance%20Reports/Stx_ltr_ASCR_2024_signed.pdf
272023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 31 =====
Compliance with the provisions of Secretarial Standards Issued 
by Ins tute of Company Secretaries of India 
The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial Standards issued 
by the Ins tute of Company Secretaries of India and during the 
year under review, your Company has complied with the 
Secretarial Standards issued by the Ins tute of Company 
Secretaries of India on Board Mee ngs and General Mee ngs. 
Cost Audit
The Central Government has prescribed that an audit of the cost 
accounts maintained by the Company in respect of Bulk Drugs 
and Formula ons be conducted under Sec on 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Consequently, your Company had 
appointed Shri J Karthikeyan as Cost Auditor for the FY 2024- 25, 
for the audit of the cost accounts maintained by the Company in 
respect of both Bulk Drugs and Formula ons. The cost audit 
report has carried out the audit for the FY 2023-24, which will be 
ﬁled with the Central Government within the s pulated  meline.
Further, pursuant to Sec on 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 and the 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the Company 
maintains the Cost Audit records in respect of its pharmaceu cal 
business. The Board, at its mee ng held on May 23, 2024, on the 
recommenda on of the Audit Commi ee has appointed Shri J 
Karthikeyan, Cost Accountant, Chennai (Membership No. 29934 
& Firm Reg. No.102695) to conduct the audit of the cost 
accoun ng records of the Company for FY 2024-25 at a 
remunera on of ₹2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs and Fi y 
Thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-
of-pocket expenses. A cer ﬁcate from the Cost Auditors, 
cer fying his independence and arm's length rela onship has 
been received by the Company.  
In accordance with the provisions of Sec on 148 of the Act read 
with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
the remunera on payable to Cost Auditors is required to be 
approved by the members of the Company in a General Mee ng. 
Accordingly, a resolu on seeking members' ra ﬁca on for the 
remunera on payable to Shri J Karthikeyan, Cost Accountants for 
the F.Y. 2024-25 is included in the no ce convening the ensuing 
AGM, which forms the integral part of this Annual Report.
Other disclosures 
No disclosure or repor ng is made with respect to the following 
items, as there were no transac ons during the year under 
review:
• The issue of equity shares with diﬀeren al rights as to 
dividend, vo ng or otherwise 
• The issue of shares to the employees of the Company under 
any scheme (sweat equity or stock op ons)
• The Company does not have any scheme or provision of 
money for the purchase of its own shares by employees or by 
trustees for the beneﬁts of employees 
• There was no revision in the ﬁnancial statements
Director's Responsibility Statement
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Sec on 134(3)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Board to the best of its knowledge and 
belief and according to the informa on and explana ons 
obtained by it conﬁrms that:
(a)  That in the prepara on of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accoun ng standards had been followed along with proper 
explana on rela ng to material departures; 
(b) The Directors had selected such accoun ng policies and 
applied them consistently and made judgments and 
es mates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true 
and fair view of the state of aﬀairs of the company at the end 
of the FY and of the proﬁt and loss of the company for that 
period;
( c)  That the Directors had taken proper and suﬃcient care for the 
maintenance of adequate accoun ng records in accordance 
with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the company and for preven ng and detec ng fraud and 
other irregulari es; 
(d) The Directors have prepared the Annual accounts for the FY 
ended March 31, 2024 on a going concern basis; 
(e)  The Directors have laid down Internal ﬁnancial controls to be 
followed by the Company and that such internal ﬁnancial 
controls are adequate and were opera ng eﬀec vely;
(f) The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and opera ng eﬀec vely.
Acknowledgements
The Board is grateful and thankful to all the Banks, Financial 
Ins tu ons both in public sector and in private sector who have 
fully supported your Company's ini a ves. The Board is grateful 
to the Central and State Government and the Central Drugs 
Standard Control Organiza on and State Food Safety and Drugs 
Administra on (State FDAs) for their con nued support to the 
Company's business plans. The Board places on record their 
apprecia on of the support provided by the Employees, 
customers, suppliers, service providers, medical fraternity and 
business partners.
For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Orchid Pharma Limited
Sd/-                                                                     Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka                                             Mridul Dhanuka
Managing Director                                           Whole Time Director
DIN:00238798                                                   DIN:00199441
Place: Gurugram
Date: July 19, 2024
28

===== PAGE 32 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW
GLOBAL
Global growth is projected at 3.1% in 2024 and 3.2% in 2025, as per World Economic Outlook (WEO) on account of greater-than expected 
resilience in the United States and several large emerging market and developing economies, as well as ﬁscal support in China. Despite 
facing challenges such as geopoli cal tensions, supply chain disrup ons, and an energy crisis, the economy has maintained its strength 
and stability. The economic ac vity remained robust, and the economy adapted well to changing ﬁnancial condi ons, leading to 
consistent job growth, strong consumer demand due to rising incomes, increased government spending, and higher labour force 
par cipa on.
Risks to the global outlook are now broadly balanced. On the upside, looser ﬁscal policy than necessary and assumed in projec ons could 
raise economic ac vity in the short term, although risking more costly policy adjustment later on. Inﬂa on could fall faster than expected 
amid further gains in labor force par cipa on, allowing central banks to bring easing plans forward. Ar ﬁcial intelligence and stronger 
structural reforms than an cipated could spur produc vity and on the downside, new price spikes stemming from geopoli cal tensions, 
including those from the war in Ukraine and the conﬂict in Gaza and Israel, could, along with persistent core inﬂa on where labor 
markets are s ll  ght, raise interest rate expecta ons and reduce asset prices. A divergence in disinﬂa on speeds among major 
economies could also cause currency movements that put ﬁnancial sectors under pressure. High interest rates could have greater cooling 
eﬀects than envisaged as ﬁxed-rate mortgages reset and households contend with high debt, causing ﬁnancial stress.
While some emerging markets have outperformed expecta ons following robust domes c demand and improved trade dynamics, many 
developing economies con nue to grapple with the dual pressures of high inﬂa on and increased external debt. This ﬁnancial strain 
limits their ability to invest in essen al sectors like healthcare and infrastructure, cri cal for sustainable growth.
Real GDP growth, 2024 (% change)
INDIAN 
In FY 2023-24, the Indian economy has gained signiﬁcant momentum, driven by posi ve macroeconomic indicators, improved labour 
market condi ons, heightened urban demand, and increased government focus on capital expenditure. The Na onal Sta s cs 
Organisa on (NSO) in India has projected a robust growth of 7.6% for the Indian economy in FY 2023-24, exceeding the 7.0% growth 
witnessed in the previous FY 2022-23. Moreover, the Interim Budget for FY 2024-25 announced by the government indicates a move 
towards a self-reliant India, diminishing dependence on imports and fostering growth in domes c industries. By maintaining the status 
Source: h ps://www.conference-board.org/topics/global-economic-outlook
292023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 33 =====
While key metropolitan centres con nue to hold strategic importance, a new wave of economic hubs is rising to prominence.
Currently among the top ﬁve economies globally, in the next three years, the country is expected to become the third-largest economy in 
the world, with a GDP of $5 trillion. Moreover, according to projec ons by the Interna onal Monetary Fund (IMF), India's contribu on to 
global growth will be around 18% by FY 2027-28; backed largely by robust domes c demand.
Indian GDP Growth (%)
Source: NSO second advanced es mates dated 29th February 2024, RBI (Reserve Bank of India) MPC (Monetary Policy Commi ee) report 
dated 5th April 2024
With expecta ons of a stable GDP growth rate in the coming years, India is poised for robust growth. With inﬂa on projected to stabilise 
and align with targets by 2025, the economy stands to beneﬁt from more relaxed monetary policies, which will likely enhance investment 
capaci es across various industries.
The government's con nued emphasis on infrastructure development is an cipated to s mulate gross ﬁxed capital forma on, providing 
a catalyst for broader economic ac vi es that underpin the pharmaceu cal sector as well. Moreover, enhanced rural demand, spurred 
by ini a ves like the PM Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana, is expected to boost overall consump on, including healthcare services and products.
With ongoing reforms targe ng vital areas such as workforce skilling, healthcare, energy security, MSMEs, and gender balance, India is 
advancing towards becoming a $7 trillion economy by 2030.
Source: NSO, MoSPI
Note: RE stands for Revised Es mates, PE for Provisional Es mates and FAE for First Advance Es mates
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
GLOBAL
30
===== PAGE 34 =====
Global health systems have demonstrated remarkable resilience in the face of the pandemic, global inﬂa on, and regional conﬂicts and 
have moved forward to adopt novel therapies and increase usage. Overall, the global use and spending on medicines is exceeding pre-
pandemic growth rates and is expected to con nue signiﬁcantly above those trends through 2028. The pharmaceu cal industry has and 
will con nue to have a signiﬁcant impact on the global economy in terms of contribu on to GDP. 
The Pharmaceu cals market has been growing steadily in recent years, which is mainly driven by innova ve drugs and an increasing 
demand for drugs and treatments worldwide. The largest driver of medicine spending growth through the next ﬁve years is s ll expected 
to be the availability and use in developed markets of innova ve therapeu cs and oﬀset by losses of exclusivity and the lower costs of 
generics and biosimilars. Tradi onally, innova ve medicine growth has occurred most in the years immediately following launch, 
whereas recent years and the forecast outlook show growth driven by older products. This mix of spending growth between volume-
driven growth, and mix-driven changes in the cost of therapy are showing most geographies shi ing to more expensive therapies, 
reﬂec ng the broader availability and pa ent access to medicines with higher clinical value.
Source: IQVIA Ins tute, Dec 2023
312023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 35 =====
Global medicine spending growth is expected to accelerate over the next ﬁve years, driven mostly by increased growth contribu on from 
exis ng branded products even as most growth segments are expected to increase compared to the last ﬁve years. The impact from 
brands losing exclusivity (LOE) is expected to more than double to $192Bn, although a large part of that increase is from biologics facing 
biosimilars where the impacts have had more uncertainty.
Sources: IQVIA Market Prognosis, Sep. 2023; IQVIA Ins tute, Dec 2023
With the start of the year 2024, we are hopeful about the fact that the pharma industry stands at the threshold of signiﬁcant changes 
driven by advancements in technology, regulatory shi s, and evolving market dynamics. They are new trends crea ng a sense of 
an cipa on, dominance of small molecule drugs, a growing usage and adop on of a growing biologics, the outsourcing of drug 
development and manufacturing, an increasing interest in personalized medicine with the advent of AI, and a grave emphasis on 
emerging markets. Pharma companies are also facing the task of addressing challenges related to regulatory compliance, rising expenses 
in research and development, eﬀec ve management of supply chains, acquisi on of intellectual property, coping with the substan al 
costs linked to medica ons, and much more.
INDIAN
The Indian Pharmaceu cal industry is currently ranked third in pharmaceu cal produc on by volume a er evolving over  me into a 
thriving industry growing at a CAGR of 9.43% since the past nine years. India has highest number of pharmaceu cal manufacturing 
facili es that comply with the US Food and Drug Administra on (USFDA) and has 500 API producers that make for around 8% of the 
worldwide API market.
Indian pharmaceu cal sector supplies over 50% of global demand for various vaccines, 40% of generic demand in the US and 25% of all 
medicine in the UK. The domes c pharmaceu cal industry includes a network of 3,000 drug companies and ~10,500 manufacturing 
units. India enjoys an important posi on in the global pharmaceu cals sector. The country also has a large pool of scien sts and 
engineers with a poten al to steer the industry ahead to greater heights.
Indian pharmaceu cal industry is known for its generic medicines and low-cost vaccines globally. Transformed over the years as a vibrant 
sector, presently Indian Pharma ranks third in pharmaceu cal produc on by volume. The Pharmaceu cal industry in India is the third 
largest in the world in terms of volume and 14th largest in terms of value. The Pharma sector currently contributes to around 1.72% of the 
country's GDP.
32
===== PAGE 36 =====
Source: Pharmaceu cals Industry Report, May 2024, Indian Brand Equity Founda on
Market size of India pharmaceu cals industry is expected to reach US$ 65 billion by 2024, ~US$ 130 billion by 2030 and US$ 450 billion 
market by 2047. According to the government data, the Indian pharmaceu cal industry is worth approximately US$ 50 billion with over 
US$ 25 billion of the value coming from exports. About 20% of the global exports in generic drugs are met by India.
The pharmaceu cal industry in India is a signiﬁcant part of the na on's foreign trade and oﬀers lucra ve poten al for investors. Millions 
of people around the world receive aﬀordable and inexpensive generic medica ons from India, which also runs a sizable number of 
plants that adhere to Good Manufacturing Prac ces (GMP) standards set by the World Health Organiza on (WHO) and the United States 
Food and Drug Administra on (USFDA). 
The Indian Government has taken many steps to reduce costs and bring down healthcare expenses. The Na onal Health Protec on 
Scheme, which aims to oﬀer universal healthcare, the ageing popula on, the rise in chronic diseases, and other government 
programmes, including the opening of pharmacies that oﬀer inexpensive generic medica ons, should all contribute to boost the Indian 
pharmaceu cal industry. Some of the ini a ves taken by the Government to promote the pharmaceu cal sector in India are; 1) The 
government earmarked Rs. 1,000 crore (US$ 120 million) for the promo on of bulk drug parks for FY25, a signiﬁcant increase from the 
previous year; 2) The total outlay for the development of the pharmaceu cal industry for FY25 was increased to Rs. 1,300 crore (US$ 
156.5 million) while the budget for the promo on of medical device parks was raised to Rs. 150 crore (US$ 18 million) for FY25.; 3) The 
alloca on for assistance to medical device clusters for common facili es (AMD-CF) was pegged at Rs. 40 crore (US$ 4.1 million) for FY25.; 
4) The outlay for the Jan Aushadhi scheme, the ini a ve to provide aﬀordable generic medicines in the country, was hiked to Rs. 284.5 
crore (US$ 34 million) for FY25, up from Rs. 110 crore (US$ 13 million) in the revised es mate for FY24.
OPPOURTUNITIES AND THREATS
The future holds both opportunity and increased complexity for the pharmaceu cal industry. 
Growth Drivers
1.   Strong Demand: Rising income, greater health awareness, lifestyle diseases and increasing access to insurance will contribute to 
growth. The healthcare sector, as of 2024, is one of India's largest employers, employing a total of 7.5 million people. A recent 
research report predicts that the integra on of Ar ﬁcial Intelligence (AI) within the Indian healthcare sector will create nearly 3 
million new jobs by 2028.
2.   A rac ve Opportuni es: India's public expenditure on healthcare touched 2.1 % of GDP in FY23 and 2.2% in FY22, against 1.6% in 
FY21, as per the Economic Survey 2022-23. Two vaccines Bharat Biotech's Covaxin and Oxford- AstraZeneca's Covishield 
manufactured by the Serum Ins tute of India) were instrumental in medically safeguarding the Indian popula on and those of 100+ 
countries against COVID-19.
332023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 37 =====
3.   Policy and Government support: The Government aims to develop India as a global healthcare hub. Public health surveillance in 
India will further strengthen the health systems. In the Interim Union Budget 2024-25, the government allocated Rs.90,659 crore 
(US$ 10.93 billion) to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW). In March 2021, the Parliament passed the Na onal 
Commission for Allied & Healthcare Professions Bill 2021, which aims to create a body that will regulate and maintain educa onal and 
service standards for healthcare professionals.
4.  Rising Manpower: Availability of a large pool of welltrained medical professionals in the country. The number of allopathic doctors 
with recognised medical qualiﬁca ons (under the I.M.C Act) registered with state medical councils/na onal medical council 
increased to 1.3 million in November 2021, from 0.83 million in 2010.
5.  Growing space: This industry is s ll in its growing phase, according to the Life Cycle of an Industry. So, it can s ll go a long way and 
spread its wings further apart. So, it can s ll take control over the market, given the right marke ng and adver sing.
6.   Foreign investment: Per India's Consolidated FDI Policy, foreign direct investment in the pharmaceu cal sector in greenﬁeld (new) 
projects is permi ed up to 100% without the approval of the Department of Pharmaceu cals (the “DoP”). 100% FDI in the 
pharmaceu cal sector is allowed in brownﬁeld pharmaceu cals; wherein 74% is allowed under the automa c route and therea er 
through the government approval route.
7.   Con nued Rise of Digital Health: The rise of digital health technologies will transform the pharma industry. Pa ents will be able to 
monitor their health remotely through telemedicine and wearables. This technology will also provide valuable data for pharma 
companies to develop more eﬀec ve treatments
Threats for Pharmaceu cal Industry
1.  Demand for a skilled workforce: The pharmaceu cal industry requires a workforce that has signiﬁcant knowledge, experience, and 
skills. Training the workforce helps to acquire the necessary skills to ensure, enhance and improve their par cipa on in their daily 
tasks. This will also help to ﬁll in any skills gaps that may be observed in the workforce.
2.   Supply chain disrup on: Supply chains have witnessed an unprecedented disrup on all around the world, and this represents one of 
the major challenges facing the pharmaceu cal industry. Many pharma companies are looking to supply chain innova ons and 
circular supply chain models to tackle these challenges and build business resilience.
3.  Regulatory compliance: Pharmaceu cal companies must comply with various regula ons, from clinical trial requirements to 
manufacturing and distribu on standards. Keeping up with these regula ons can be daun ng, and failure to comply can result in 
costly ﬁnes and reputa onal damage.
4.   R&D Costs: Developing new drugs and treatments is an expensive and  me-consuming process. With rising R&D costs and increasing 
pressure to deliver results, pharmaceu cal companies must be able to streamline their research processes and op mize their 
resources.
5.   Intellectual property
      The pharmaceu cal industry is highly compe  ve, and intellectual property is cri cal to the success of any company. Protec ng and 
enforcing patents can be a complex and costly process, and the threat of patent infringement is a constant concern.
6.    Pricing pressure
    Pharmaceu cal companies face increasing pressure to control the cost of their products, both from government regulators and 
consumers. This pressure can lead to lower proﬁt margins and increased compe  on, making it harder for companies to invest in 
R&D and bring new products to market.
7.    Supply chain management
   The pharmaceu cal supply chain is complex and highly regulated, with mul ple stakeholders involved in drug produc on, 
transporta on, and distribu on. Ensuring the safety and quality of pharmaceu cal products at every stage of the supply chain is 
essen al but can be challenging.
34
===== PAGE 38 =====
SEGMENT WISE / PRODUCT WISE PERFORMANCE
Orchid Pharma Limited currently operates mainly in API business. This segment has 2 categories namely Oral and Sterile. The category 
wise sales data is given below:
Financial Year  Oral  Sterile 
Quan ty (Per MT)  Value (Rs in Lakh) Quan ty (Per MT) Value (Rs in Lakh) 
2022 - 23  260.64  44,436.43 113.64 20,645.69 
2023 - 24  379.25  62,029.38 
 
106.76 19,136.20 
 
 
OUTLOOK
Orchid, an EOU for manufacturing of both sterile and oral cephalosporin APIs and have a long history of commercial produc on with the 
widest por olio of cephalosporin APIs enjoys 1) Extensive experience in manufacturing complex APIs with high entry barriers; 2) Long-
standing rela onships with key customers with diversiﬁed geographical presence; 3) API Facility with in-house R&D and regulatory 
capabili es; 4) Experienced Promoter, professional senior management and a technically qualiﬁed team.
Research & Development, Technology Development/Absorp on and Intellectual Property
Research & Development is the lynchpin of innova on and plays a vital role in developing and adop ng new technologies in the 
technologically intensive Pharmaceu cal industry. In Orchid, a team of well qualiﬁed and experienced professionals in R&D are 
specialised across the value chain of chemical research, analy cal research, process development & process engineering of APIs, 
intermediates and Key Star ng Materials. Our R&D centre conforms to interna onal standards and is well equipped with world-class 
infrastructure managed by best-in-class manpower.
352023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 39 =====
Our R&D performance hinges on the coherence and cohesiveness among our R&D Scien sts and Manufacturing Personnel where rapid 
exchange of knowledge takes place to keep pace with compe  on and to develop disrup ve technologies for future. The R&D team 
focuses on process intensiﬁca on, absorp on of technologies and establishing technologies at commercial scale.
A dedicated team of scien sts focuses on product/process development in the area of cephalosporins and related heterocyclic 
chemistry, development of advance heterogeneous catalysts, extension of chemistry skills to non-heterocyclic compounds, value 
crea on in exis ng key products through process improvements / process intensiﬁca on, Chiral compounds and development of animal 
health care products
We develop new technologies at the lab scale and the scien sts and manufacturing engineers work in close coordina on to ensure 
parameters established during lab development are within the determined design space leading to seamless scale-up to commercial 
scale without losing on the proﬁciency of the process with a lead- me comparable to the best in the industry. Six Sigma ini a ves at 
plants and R&D support the adop on of new technologies and enhancing the eﬃciencies of our manufacturing plants to provide be er 
services to our customers.
Through our investment in R&D, together with our implementa on of management tools and strategies in manufacturing, design and 
project management, we con nue to improve our cost compe  veness and quality of produc on by improving the eﬃciency of our 
supply chain management and developing be er processes and product development and manufacturing capaci es to reduce process 
ineﬃciencies, process varia ons, plant ineﬃciencies, assets under-u lisa on and the  me required for product and process 
development.
We con nually develop new products that provide our customers with be er solu ons for exis ng problems and new solu ons for 
emerging problems. This requires us to expend signiﬁcant eﬀort on research, development, manufacturing and marke ng. To preserve 
the value of our investment, we rely on the patent laws of the jurisdic ons where we do business. In addi on, we need to con nuously 
improve our produc on eﬃciencies. Our produc on technologies typically incorporate specialised proprietary know-how. We have both 
developed intellectual property internally and acquired intellectual property through acquisi ons. From  me to  me, we may grant 
licenses to third par es to use our patents and know-how, and may obtain licenses from others to manufacture and sell products using 
their technology and know-how.
We have designed a very successful R&D which con nues to ensure delivery of a sustainable pipeline of high-value products. The Group's 
R&D strategy is centered on improving the speed and yield. Our R&D con nues to lead to new, innova ve processes and new knowledge-
driven products that increase the eﬃciencies of our produc on and allow us to capitalise on opportuni es for growth in compe  ve 
markets.
Our business faces signiﬁcant compe  on from China and other compe tors. R&D has taken a proac ve approach to introduce new 
products on which we were earlier dependent on China. This is being done by deploying our various technological capabili es. New 
products con nue to get developed by experienced and talented R&D teams which work to deliver in line with the marke ng strategy by 
developing new cost eﬀec ve processes/ products. Further, in order to ensure that cost compe  veness is maintained, R&D is working 
on the improvement of exis ng processes including atom economy.
Our focus con nues to be on developing commercially compe  ve, intellectual property compliant, robust and eco-friendly 
technologies. Our R&D thrives on 'green chemistry culture' and has developed various environmentally friendly & disrup ve 
technologies, incorporated op mum atom eﬃciencies, recycling and reuse of solvents/reagents/by-products targe ng towards zero 
discharge of eﬄuents, removal/ subs tu on/ minimisa on of hazardous chemicals and replacing chemical processes with enzyma c/ 
chemo catalysis processes.
Our Intellectual Property (IP) - enabled innova ve R&D eﬀorts have helped us avoiding any intellectual property (IP) disputes a er 
developing outstanding designing around capabili es around third party IP by iden fying newer opportuni es, be er understanding of 
emerging challenges, developing alterna ve/innova ve research strategies and crea ng intellectual property which is well protected in 
deﬁned geographies of our business interests. Our eﬀorts have fruc ﬁed into intellectual proper es, which have grown over the years 
crea ng a strong posi on in generic pharmaceu cal businesses in regulated markets.
The Group has a dedicated team of scien sts whose primary task is to ensure that the products are manufactured using only non-
infringing processes and compliance requirements are met by reviewing and monitoring IPR issues con nuously. The Group takes all 
reasonable steps to ensure that our products do not infringe valid third-party IPRs.
36
===== PAGE 40 =====
We have evolved our produc on technologies including specialised proprietary know-how over a period of  me with the help of R&D. 
We keep our op ons to licence-in/ licence-out technologies/know-how to accelerate businesses of interest. The basic mission of R&D 
remains to enhance innova on level, scien ﬁc eﬃciency and eﬀec veness in compliance with Orchid core values.
API manufacturing
API is an important segment of the Indian pharma industry, contribu ng to around 35% of the market. The Indian pharmaceu cal 
industry is the 3rd largest in terms of volume and 13th largest in terms of value. Furthermore, India also has the highest number of US-  
FDA compliant Pharma plants outside of USA and is home to more than 3,000 pharma companies with a strong network of over 10,500 
manufacturing facili es as well as a highly skilled resource pool, occupying forty-four percent of global abbreviated new drug 
applica ons, the API industry's growth in the country has been fuelled by adop ng global standards. 
There are 500 API manufacturers contribu ng about 8% in the global API Industry. India is the largest supplier of generic medicines. It 
manufactures about 60,000 diﬀerent generic brands across 60 therapeu c categories and accounts for 20% of the global supply of 
generics. Access to aﬀordable HIV treatment from India is one of the greatest success stories in medicine. Because of the low price and 
high quality, Indian medicines are preferred worldwide, making it “pharmacy of the world”. 
There is a growing investment in R&D for API produc on processes, as well in quality, environment and safety, resul ng in be er, safer 
and cleaner technologies and substan al increase of pharmaceu cal technology know-how and intellectual property. Companies should 
increase their size to face global compe  on. Mergers and acquisi ons are taking place in order to pursue globalisa on projects. API 
manufacturers ask for global harmonised regula ons with an increasingly strong rela onship between the EU and the USA.
RISKS AND CONCERNS
1.   Regula ons and direc ves: Pharma manufacturing is already highly regulated, with manufacturers con nually reﬁning their 
processes to overcome substan al compliance obliga ons and costs. Unfortunately, compliance will become even more 
challenging in the coming years. The U.S. Food and Drug Administra on (FDA) recently issued pharma industry guidance documents 
that impact how organiza ons collect, manage and submit quality data. 
2.     Talent shortage: As with all sectors, pharma manufacturers are struggling to a ract the right talent. According to , 80% of McKinsey
facili es are having diﬃculty ﬁnding candidates with the right skills. Pharma manufacturers are rapidly introducing new 
technologies, automa ng processes, and applying advanced analy cs to data. Disrup ons such as new business models and 
en rely new product modali es are contribu ng to the current landscape.
3.    Cybersecurity and data protec on: Cybersecurity threats are a major concern for nearly every industry, but according to IBM's 
latest report, pharma ranks among the top three industry ver cals for the highest average cost of a data breach. In 2023, the global 
average cost of a data breach in the pharma industry was an eyewatering $4.82 million.
4.    Cost and inﬂa onary pressures: Inﬂa on is s ll nearly triple what it was pre-pandemic, and it will con nue to play a role in 2024. 
According to Deloi es 2024 Health Care and Life Sciences Outlook, 36% of survey respondents indicated that the economy and 
inﬂa on would con nue to inﬂuence their strategy. This is seemingly at odds with the commonly held belief that pharma is one of 
the few industries that is 'recession-proof,' and can be er withstand economic downturns and pressure than other industries.
Addi onally, the broader risks associates with the business of the Company are:
• Our business is dependent on the success of our rela onships with our customers and sale of our products to them. Any adverse 
developments or inability to enter into or maintain such rela onships, loss of such customers, the deteriora on of their ﬁnancial 
condi on or prospects, or a reduc on in their demand for our products could adversely aﬀect our business, results of opera ons, 
ﬁnancial condi on and cash ﬂows.
• We derive majority of our revenue from our sterile and oral cephalosporin API business, of which a limited number of key products 
generate a signiﬁcant por on of our total revenue, and our business may be adversely aﬀected if our sterile and oral cephalosporin 
API business or our key products do not perform as well as expected or if subs tute products become available or gain wider market 
acceptance.
• Manufacture, storage and supply of oral and sterile cephalosporin APIs is a complex process and if we fail to maintain the quality of 
our sterile APIs manufacture at any stage, our business and opera ons will be adversely aﬀected.
• We are dependent on select countries and few suppliers for signiﬁcant part of our raw material. Any delay, interrup on or shor all in 
the supply of our raw materials or an increase in our raw material costs, or other input costs, may adversely aﬀect the pricing and
372023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 41 =====
         supply of our products and have an adverse eﬀect on our business, results of opera ons and ﬁnancial condi on.
• Our business subjects us to risks in mul ple countries that could materially adversely aﬀect our business, cash ﬂows, results of 
opera ons and prospects. We also face foreign exchange risks that could adversely aﬀect our results of opera ons and cash ﬂows.
• Our inability to successfully u lize our installed capacity, could have an adverse eﬀect on our business, results of opera ons, 
ﬁnancial condi on and cash ﬂows.
• Pricing pressure from customers may aﬀect our gross margin, proﬁtability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may 
materially adversely aﬀect our business, results of opera ons and ﬁnancial condi on.
• We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact 
our results of opera ons and cash ﬂow.
• Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceu cal pricing and reimbursement could adversely 
aﬀect the pricing and demand for our products.
• We rely completely on third-party logis cs providers for supply and transporta on of our products to our customers. Any inability on 
the part of third party logis cs providers to eﬀec vely render their services may adversely impact our opera ons and business.
• We have power and water requirements and any disrup on to power or water sources could increase our produc on costs.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS 
The Company has external teams carrying out various types of audit to strengthen the internal audit and risk management func ons. The 
Internal Financial Control over Financial Repor ng System are exis ng and opera ve, however based on the observa ons of the auditors, 
the Company is further strengthening the Internal Financial Control systems over ﬁnancial repor ng. The Board and Audit Commi ee 
ensure that the internal ﬁnancial control system operated eﬀec vely and they regularly review the eﬀec veness of internal control 
system in order to ensure due and proper implementa on and due compliance with applicable laws, accoun ng standards and 
regulatory norms.
DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Proﬁtability
ü From Con nuing Opera ons
• During the year ended on March 31, 2024, the EBITDA of the Company was at Rs. 141.07 Crore as against EBITDA of Rs.103.05 Crore 
during the previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
• The net proﬁt of the Company before Extra-ordinary items & Tax for the year ended on March 31, 2024 stood at Rs. 91.52 Crore as 
against loss of Rs.16.04 Crore during the previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
ü EPS for Company
• EPS for the year ending on March 31, 2024 (before extra-ordinary items) stood at a posi ve Rs. 19.59 as compared to a posi ve Rs. 
13.28 for the previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
Components of Revenue & Expenditure
ü From Con nuing Opera ons
• The opera ng revenues for the year 2023-24 was Rs. 819.37 Crore as against Rs.665.90 Crore during the previous year ending on 
March 31, 2023.
• Material cost for the year ended March 2024 was Rs. 528.35 Crore (64.48 % of the Opera ng revenues) as compared to Rs. 406.09 
Crore (60.9% of the Opera ng revenues) during the previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
• The other opera ng cost, including employee cost for the year ended March 2024 was Rs. 224.23 Crore as against Rs. 197.66 Crore 
during the previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
• The Finance cost for the year ended March 2024 was Rs. 16.33 Crore as compared to Rs. 32.23 crore during the previous year ending 
on March 31, 2023. 
• The Deprecia on & Amor sa on for the year ending March 2024 was Rs. 33.22 Crore as compared to Rs.54.79 Crore during the 
previous year ending on March 31, 2023.
38
===== PAGE 42 =====
ü  Balance Sheet
• The Equity and Reserves as at March 31, 2024 stood at Rs. 1218.32 Crore as compared to Rs.731.96 Crore as at March 31, 2023.
• The total borrowings as at March 31, 2024 stood at Rs. 134.26 Crore as compared to Rs.331.35 Crore as at March 31, 2023.
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS FRONT INCLUDING NUMBER OF PEOPLE EMPLOYED
Orchid's HR func on is aligned with the Company's overall growth vision and con nuously works on areas such as recruitment and 
selec on policies, disciplinary procedures, reward/recogni on policies, learning and development programmes as well as all- round 
employee development. Orchid provides a safe and rewarding environment that a racts and retains a talented team and where 
employees are engaged in delivering excep onal results to the customers and investors. Orchid Pharma has a diverse talent pool of 923 
Orchidians. The Company acknowledges the indispensable role of Orchidians in driving con nued success.
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES (I.E. CHANGE OF 25% OR MORE AS COMPARED TO THE IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS FINANCIAL YEAR) 
IN KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS ALONG WITH DETAILED EXPLANATIONS
   
 
All Amount in INR Crore
 
Par culars
 
FY 2023 - 24
 
FY 2022 - 23
 
Debtors Turnover Ra o:
   
Sales for the year (manufacturing sales)
 
815.12
 
655.61
 
Debtors at the beginning of the year
 
294.04
 
241.18 
 
Debtors at the end of the year
 
271.24
 
294.04
 
Average Debtors for the year
 
282.64
 
267.61
 
Debtors Turnover Ra o
 
2.8
 
2.5 
 
   
Inventory Turnover Ra o
   
Cost of goods
 
sold
 
484.46
 
384.62
 
Opening Inventory
 
225.27
 
169.12 
 
Closing Inventory
 
258.19
         
225.27
 
Average Inventory
 
241.73
 
197.19
 
Inventory Turnover Ra o
 
2.0
 
2.0 
 
   Interest Coverage Ra o
   EBITDA
 
141.06
          
103.05
 Interest Expenses
 
16.33
            
32.23
 Interest Coverage Ra o
 
8.64
 
3.2
 
   Current Ra o    
Current Assets at the end of the year  782.29         493.79 
Current Liabili es at the end of the year  209.67         326.63  
Current Ra o  3.73               1.51 
   
Debt Equity Ra o
   
Total Debts at the end of the year
 
134.26
         
331.35 
 
Shareholders' equity at the end  of the year
 
1218.31
         
731.96
 
Debt Equity Ra o
 
0.11
 
0.45
 
   
   
       
       
       
       
              
       
       
       
              
              
            
RATIOS FOR INCLUSION - FY 2023 - 24 AND FY 2022 - 23 (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
392023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 43 =====
Opera ng Proﬁt Margin (%)
Opera ng Proﬁt 110.68 83.62
Net Sales
 
819.37
 
665.90
 
Opera ng Proﬁt Margin%
 
13.51
 
12.56
 
   
Net Proﬁt Margin (%)
   
Net Income at the end of the year
 
91.52
 
16.04
 
Net Sales at the end of the year
 
819.37
 
665.90
 
Net Proﬁt Margin%
 
11.17
 
2.41
 
 
RATIOS FOR INCLUSION - FY 2023 - 24 AND FY 2022 - 23 (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
All Amount in INR Crore
Par culars FY 2023 - 24 FY 2022 - 23
DETAILS OF CHANGE IN RETURN ON NET WORTH AS COMPARED TO IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS FINANCIAL YEAR ALONG WITH A 
DETAILED EXPLANATION THEREOF
Return on net-worth improved to posi ve of 7.51% during the FY 2023-24 compared to 2.27% of the previous year. Improvement has 
occurred due to current year's increased proﬁts due to the turnover increase and overall opera onal expenses were reduced during the 
year as compared to last year.
40
===== PAGE 44 =====
Annexure I to the Board's Report
Corporate Governance Report
In Compliance with Regula on 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
requirements) Regula ons, 2015 and amendments made thereunder the Company submits the Corporate (“SEBI Lis ng Regula ons”), 
Governance Report for the year ended March 31, 2024. 
A.   COMPANY'S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance is a key for crea ng and maximising the stakeholder value. At Orchid, we believe that eﬀec ve corporate governance 
prac ces plays a pivotal role in growing a sustainable and successful business, crea ng a long-term value for the Stakeholders. Orchid ﬁrmly 
believes in adhering to Corporate Governance code to ensure protec on of its investor's interest as well as healthy growth of the Company. The 
philosophy of your Company is to adhere to TRANSPERANCY, INTEGRITY and ACCOUNTABILITY. We focus to achieve and maintain the highest 
standard of Corporate Governance by providing adequate and  mely informa on to all the shareholders and recognizing the rights of its 
shareholders and encouraging co-opera on between the Company and the stakeholders comprising regulators, employees, customers, 
vendors, investors and the society at large. We believe in performance oriented systems. Over the years, your Company's Corporate Governance 
framework has evolved a lot with development of some best corporate working and behavior.
B.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
I)     Composi on and Category of Board
An empowered Board comprising of diverse group of experienced leadership brings rich experience, strategic direc ons and takes the Company 
forward on path of sustainable progress. The Board is responsible for overseeing the management performance and governance of the 
Company on behalf of the shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board exercises independent judgement and plays a pivotal role in the 
oversight of the Company's aﬀairs. 
The composi on of Board of Directors of the Company is in conformity with the requirements of Regula on 17 and Regula on 17A of SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons as well as provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Ar cles of Associa on of the Company and all other applicable 
laws and in accordance with the best prac ces of Corporate Governance. 
The Board Composi on and Category of Directors as on March 31, 2024 is as follows:
S.No. 
 
Category
 
No. of Directors 
 
1  Execu veDirector  2 
2  Non - Execu ve and Non - Independent Director 2
3 3  Independent  Director  (excluding Woman Director) 
4  Independent Woman Director  1
 
 
Total
 
8
 
 
Note: None of the Non-Execu ve Directors are and were involved/responsible for the day to day aﬀairs of the Company during the year under 
review.
412023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 45 =====
ii) The details rela ng to composi on, category of Directors, directorships held by them in other companies and their membership 
and chairmanship in various Commi ees of Board of other companies, as on March 31, 2024 are as follows:
                   
Other Directorship and Commi ee  Memberships/Chairmanships
 
S. No.
 
  
 
Name(s) of the 
   
Director(s)
 
Designa on
 
on 
Number of 
Directorships held 
in other Public 
(listed and unlisted) 
companies as 
March 31, 2024
 
Number of Board Commi ee 
posi ons held in other 
Companies as on March 31, 
2024
 
Directorship/s in other listed 
en ty & Category of 
Directorship
 Member*
 
Chairman*
 
1
    
 
Mr. Ram Gopal
Agarwal
(DIN:00627386)
 
 - Execu ve -
 
Chairman 
(Non
Non-Independent 
Director)
 
2
 
0
 
0
 
Dhanuka
 
Agritech
 
Limited 
 (Execu ve-WholeTime
 Director and Chairman)
 
2
  
Manish
 
Mr.
Dhanuka 
(DIN:00238798)  
 
Execu ve-Managing
Director  
3
 
0
 
0
  
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
 (Non-Execu ve&Non 
Independent Director) 
3   Mridul  
 
Mr.
Dhanuka 
(DIN: 00199441)  
 
Execu ve -Whole 
Time Director  
2  1 0 Nil 
4  
*  
Mr. Arjun 
Dhanuka
(DIN: 00454689)  
Non-  Execu ve and 
Non-Independent 
Director  
1  0 0 Nil 
5
  
 Dr. Dharam Vir 
(DIN: 08771224)
 Non-
 
Execu ve-
 
Independent 
Director
 
0
 
0
 
0
 
Nil
 
6
 
**
  Mr. Mudit 
Tandon
(DIN: 06417169)
 
Non-
 
Execu ve-
 
Independent 
Director
 
1
 
0
 
0
 
Nil
 
7
 
Mr. Manoj Kumar 
Goyal (DIN: 
06361663)
 Non-
 
Execu ve-
 
Independent 
Director
 0
 
0
 
0
 
Nil
 
8
  
Ms. Tanu Singla 
(DIN: 08774132)
 
0
 
0
 
0
 
Nil
 
Non-
 
Execu ve-
 
Independent 
Director
 
 
* Mr. Arjun Dhanuka (Din: 00454689) was appointed by Board of the Company w.e.f Oct. 20, 2023 as Addi onal Director under the 
category of Non-Execu ve Non-Independent Director and his oﬃce was regularized by the members of the Company on Nov. 28, 2023.
**Mr. Mudit Tandon (DIN: 06417169) resigned from the posi on of Non- Execu ve- Independent Director w.e.f. April 12, 2024.
None of the Independent Directors resigned from the Board of the Company during the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
Notes:
I.   In accordance with Regula on 26 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, for disclosing the details w.r.t the posi ons held in other Companies 
along with Membership/ Chairmanship of Commi ees of other Boards, the disclosures was given for Membership/Chairmanship of the 
Audit Commi ee and Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee across all other Public Limited Companies.
II.   All the Independent Directors have conﬁrmed that they meet the criteria of independence as men oned under Sec on 149(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regula on 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons and are not aware of any circumstances or situa on which 
exist or may be reasonably an cipated, that could impair or impact their ability to discharge du es with an objec ve independent 
judgment and without any external inﬂuence. Further, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulﬁll the condi ons 
speciﬁed in these regula ons and are independent of the management.
III.   None of the Directors of the Company holds directorship in more than 20 companies. This includes alternate directorship but does 
not include the directorships held in dormant companies and Companies registered under Sec on 8 of Companies Act, 2013. Further, 
none of the Directors hold directorship in more than 10 public companies.
42
===== PAGE 46 =====
IV.   The Directors of the Company both Execu ve and Non-Execu ve holds the Directorship in compliance with the Regula on 17A of the SEBI 
Lis ng Regula ons i.e. holds posi on of Director in not more than seven listed companies.None of the Directors on the Board is a Member of 
more than 10 Commi ees or Chairman of more than 5 Commi ees (as speciﬁed in Regula on 26 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons) across all the 
public limited companies in which the person is a Director. Necessary disclosures regarding Commi ee posi ons in other Public Limited 
Companies as on March 31, 2024 have been made by the Directors. The Commi ees considered for the purpose are those prescribed under 
Regula on 26 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons viz. Audit Commi ee and Stakeholders' Rela onship Commi ee of all Indian Public Limited 
Companies.
V.   The Company has obtained a cer ﬁcate from M/s. Brajesh Kumar & Associates, Company Secretary in Whole Time Prac ce conﬁrming the 
Non-Disqualiﬁca on or Non-Debarment of Directors in addi on to the conﬁrma ons received from Directors in their individual capacity that 
they are not debarred or disqualiﬁed by SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs or any other statutory authority to con nue as Director of the 
Company. 
VI.   None of the Independent Directors have any material pecuniary rela onship or transac ons with the Company.
VII.   The Board of Directors periodically reviews the compliance report of all the laws applicable to the Company.
VIII.   In Compliance with Regula on 17 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons and second proviso to Sec on 149(1) of the Act, Ms. Tanu Singla, a Woman 
Independent Director is present on the Board of the Company. Furthermore, the Board has appointed Ms. Shubha Singh, a Woman Independent 
Director in its mee ng held on May 23, 2024 as Addi onal Director of the Company subject to the approval of the Shareholders of the Company 
in the ensuing Annual General Mee ng, to mark the presence of gender diversity with more eﬀec veness. 
IX.   None of the Directors of the Company has a ained the age of seventy ﬁve years as on March 31, 2024. However, Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal, 
Non-Execu ve Chairman of the Company will be a aining the age of seventy ﬁve years on July 30, 2024 and has been proposed in the ensuing 
Annual General Mee ng for the Shareholders approval to con nue the oﬃce in accordance with the provisions of Regula on 17(1A) of SEBI 
Lis ng Regula ons.
X.   Mr. Mudit Tandon, resigned from the posi on of Non- Execu ve Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. April 12, 2024 i.e. a er the 
closure of the period under review.
XI.   None of the Directors on the Board of the Company has been debarred from accessing the capital market and/or restrained from holding 
posi on of Director in any listed company by virtue of any SEBI Order or any such authority.
XII. In accordance with the Sec on 2(77) of the Companies Act, Board Members of the Company do not comes under the category of rela ves to 
each other including the Independent Directors of the Company. 
iii)   Board Mee ngs & A endance Record of the Directors
In Compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, minimum four pre-scheduled Board mee ngs were held. Addi onal 
Board mee ngs were convened by giving appropriate no ces to address the Company's speciﬁc needs. Dates of Quarterly Board Mee ngs are 
ﬁxed in advance and agenda papers are circulated to Directors generally one week before the mee ng except for mee ngs which are held on a 
shorter no ce period. Video conferencing or other audio visual facili es are used to facilitate Directors who were unable to a end mee ngs 
physically at the venue, to par cipate in the mee ngs. In case of exigencies or urgencies, resolu ons were considered and passed by circula on 
as well.
The Board is given presenta ons covering the Company's major business segments and their opera ons, business environment, the Company's 
business areas, including business opportuni es and strategy and risk management prac ces before taking on record the Company's quarterly/ 
annual ﬁnancial results/statements.
During the ﬁnancial year 2023-24, 10 (Ten) Board Mee ngs were held on May 10, 2023, June 22, 2023, June 27, 2023 (2 Board Mee ngs on same 
day), July 12, 2023, August 10, 2023, November 04, 2023, December 06, 2023, December 16, 2023 and February 08, 2024. Time gap between 
any two consecu ve board mee ngs was not more than 120 days. The previous Annual General Mee ng of the Company was held on August 09, 
2023.
Details of a endance of Directors at various Board Mee ngs and at the Annual General Mee ng held during the ﬁnancial year 2023-24 are as 
under:
432023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 47 =====
 Name(s)
 
of
 
the
 
Director(s)
 
   
Number ofBoardmee ngs which the 
Director was en tled to a end
 
 
 
 
Number of Board 
Mee ngs a ended
 
  
 
August 
A endance at the last
AGM held on 
09, 2023 Mr.  Ram Gopal Agarwal  10 1 No 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka  10 10 Yes 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  10 10 Yes 
Mr. Arjun  Dhanuka*  4 4 NA 
Dr.  Dharam Vir  10 10 Yes 
Mr. Mudit Tandon**  10 3 No 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal
 
10
 
8
 
Yes
 
Ms. Tanu Singla
 
10
 
8
 
Yes
 
 
* Mr. Arjun Dhanuka appointed on the Board of the Company w.e.f Oct. 20, 2023.
**Mr. Mudit Tandon resigned from the posi on of Non- Execu ve Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. April 12, 2024.
iv)   Chart or matrix se ng out the Skills/ Exper se/ Competence of the Board of Directors as on March 31, 2024
The Board has iden ﬁed the following Core Skills/Exper se/Competencies required in the Directors for eﬀec vely managing the Company's 
business opera ons and those possessed by the Board Members.
Skills/Exper se/Competence of the Board of Directors:
 
   
 
 
  
 
1
 
Leadership 
and 
Management
 
√
    
 
    
S.
 
No
.
 
Broad 
categories 
of skills
 
Core Skill/
Exper se/ 
Competencies 
iden ﬁed by 
the Board
Whether the skills Set/ Area of Exper se /Knowledge is possessed by 
the Directors of the Company
 
Mr. 
Ram 
Gopal 
Agarw
al
Mr. 
Manish 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Mridul 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Arjun 
Dhanu
ka
Dr. 
Dhara
m Vir 
Mr. 
Man
oj 
Kum
ar 
Goya
l
Mr. 
Mudit 
Tando
n
Ms.
 
Tanu 
Singl
a
Trait of crea ng an
inspiring vision,
mo va ng people
to engage with
that vision and
manage delivery
of the vision
√ √ √ √ √ √ √
2
 
Industry 
knowledge 
(Pharma 
Industry)
    
 
    
Knowledge of the
Pharma industry
and general
understanding of
government
legisla on/
legisla ve process
with respect to
governance of the
Board aﬀairs
 √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
44
===== PAGE 48 =====
 
3
 
Business 
acumen
Ability to
combine 
experience, 
knowledge & 
perspec ve to 
make sound 
business 
decisions
 
    
 
    
4
 
Strategic 
thinking
 
Ability to
iden fy 
opportuni es, 
cri cal 
evalua on of 
the same and 
    
 
    
S.
 
No
.
 
Broad 
categories 
of skills
 
Core Skill/
Exper se/ 
Competencies 
iden ﬁed by 
the Board
Whether the skills Set/ Area of Exper se /Knowledge is possessed by 
the Directors of the Company
 
Mr. 
Ram 
Gopal 
Agarw
al
Mr. 
Manish 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Mridul 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Arjun 
Dhanu
ka
Dr. 
Dhara
m Vir 
Mr. 
Man
oj 
Kum
ar 
Goya
l
Mr. 
Mudit 
Tando
n
Ms.
 
Tanu 
Singl
a
Understanding of
Pharma sector with
speciﬁc emphasis
on various factors
inﬂuencing the
business in the
sector
 √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
 √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
5
 
Finance & 
Accoun ng
      
Ability to analyse key 
ﬁnancial statements, 
assess ﬁnancial 
viability, contribute to 
strategic ﬁnancial 
planning, oversee 
budgets & eﬃcient 
use of resources 
Knowledge on 
ﬁnancial repor ng, 
accoun ng principles, 
internal controls, 
audi ng process and 
related considera ons 
and issues
 √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
plan for successful
implementa on,
to achieve desired
business goal.
452023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 49 =====
6
 
Risk 
management  
 
Ability to iden fy 
key risks 
associated with 
the business and 
put in place risk 
minimisa on and 
mi ga on 
framework to
insulate the
business from 
pi alls.  
 
7
 
Governance
 
Compliance focus 
and strategic
thinking 
/planning from 
governance 
aspect
 
      
       
S.
 
No
.
 
Broad 
categories 
of skills
 
Core Skill/
Exper se/ 
Competencies 
iden ﬁed by 
the Board
Whether the skills Set/ Area of Exper se /Knowledge is possessed by 
the Directors of the Company
 
Mr. 
Ram 
Gopal 
Agarw
al
Mr. 
Manish 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Mridul 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Arjun 
Dhanu
ka
Dr. 
Dhara
m Vir 
Mr. 
Man
oj 
Kum
ar 
Goya
l
Mr. 
Mudit 
Tando
n
Ms.
 
Tanu 
Singl
a
8 Interna onal 
/Global 
knowledge
9
 
Strategic 
advisory
 Awareness about 
relevant markets 
at global level 
and 
diversiﬁca on of 
Company's 
business, global 
trends
 
 
Ability to advise 
on 
organic/inorganic 
growth 
opportuni es 
through 
acquisi ons /
combina ons, 
assess build or 
purchase 
      
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
 
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
      
√ √ √ √ - √ - √
      
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
46
===== PAGE 50 =====
v)   Informa on available to the Board
During the year 2023-24, minimum informa on as men oned in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, wherever applicable, has 
been placed before the Board for its considera on.
The aforesaid informa on is generally provided as a part of the agenda of the board mee ng and/or is placed at the table during the course of 
the mee ng. Key Managerial Personnel and other senior management staﬀ are also invited to the Board Mee ngs to present reports on the 
Company's opera ons and internal control systems. The Company Secretary, in consulta on with the Chairman and Managing Director 
prepares the agenda. In special and excep onal circumstances, addi onal or supplementary item(s) on the agenda are permi ed to be taken up 
as 'any other item'. Further, the Board periodically reviews the Compliance Reports in respect of laws and regula ons applicable to the 
Company.
vi)   Separate Mee ng of Independent Directors for Evalua on of Board as a whole, Chairman and Non- execu ve directors & Familiariza on 
Programme for Independent Directors
A separate mee ng of the Independent Directors was held on December 06, 2023 inter-alia, to evaluate the performance of Non-Independent 
Directors, the Board as a whole, evalua on of the performance of the Chairman, taking into account the views of the Execu ve and Non-
Execu ve Directors and the evalua on of the quality, quan ty and  meliness of ﬂow of informa on between the Management and the Board 
that is necessary for the Board to eﬀec vely and reasonably perform its du es. All the Independent Directors were present at the Mee ng. The 
Independent Directors expressed sa sfac on with the overall performance of the Directors and the Board as a whole.
The Company has organized Familiariza on Programmes for the Non – Execu ve Independent Directors of the Company to familiarize them 
with the Company vis-a-vis their roles, rights, responsibili es in the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business 
model of the Company etc. Details of Familiariza on Programmes conducted are uploaded on the website of the Company & can be accessed
10
11
       
S.
 
No
.
 
Broad 
categories 
of skills
 
Core Skill/
Exper se/ 
Competencies 
iden ﬁed by 
the Board
Whether the skills Set/ Area of Exper se /Knowledge is possessed by 
the Directors of the Company
 
Mr. 
Ram 
Gopal 
Agarw
al
Mr. 
Manish 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Mridul 
Dhanu
ka
Mr. 
Arjun 
Dhanu
ka
Dr. 
Dhara
m Vir 
Mr. 
Man
oj 
Kum
ar 
Goya
l
Mr. 
Mudit 
Tando
n
Ms.
 
Tanu 
Singl
a
Sales, 
Distribu on 
& Brand 
Marke ng
Experience in 
developing 
strategies to 
grow sales, and 
market share, 
create 
distribution 
models and 
build brand 
awareness to 
enhance 
company's 
reputation
Opera ons Exper se in 
managing the 
opera ons of 
the Company
      
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
      
√ √ √ √ - √ - √
472023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 51 =====
through the link .http://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Familiarisation%20program%20for%20Independent%20Directors_23-24.pdf
vii)   Shareholding of Execu ve Directors
As on March 31, 2024, the Company has two Execu ve Directors on the Board of the Company viz. Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director and 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director. Both the directors on the Board of the Company hold Nil equity shares of the Company as on March 
31, 2024.
viii)   Detailed reasons for the resigna on of an Independent Director who resigns before the expiry of his/her tenure along with a 
conﬁrma on by such director that there are no other material reasons other than those provided
None of the Independent Directors had resigned from the Company during the Financial Year 2023-2024. Further, Mr. Mudit Tandon, 
Independent Director of the Company resigned from the Board a er the closure of ﬁnancial year vide his le er dated April 12, 2024 before the 
end of his term. Furthermore, Mr. Mudit Tandon has conﬁrmed along with his resigna on that other than as stated in the resigna on le er i.e. 
due to his personal reasons, there are material reasons for his resigna on. The same informa on had been submi ed with the Stock Exchanges 
in accordance with the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons and is available on the website of the Company for access to the general public. 
C.   COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board Commi ees play a crucial role in the Governance structure of the Company and have been assigned speciﬁc areas/ac vi es that need 
closer review. They are set up under the formal approval of the Board, to carry out their clearly deﬁned roles. Currently, the Board has the 
following Statutory Commi ees viz., Audit Commi ee, Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee, Stakeholders' Rela onship Commi ee, Risk 
Management Commi ee, Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee. Also, the Non-Statutory Commi ees of the Company during the period 
under review were Banking, Finance & Opera ons Commi ee, Business Restructuring Commi ee, Capital Restructuring Commi ee and 
Restructuring Commi ee. Details of the roles, composi on and terms of reference of these Commi ees are determined by the Board and their 
relevance is reviewed from  me to  me.
I.   Audit Commi ee
The Company has a qualiﬁed and independent Audit Commi ee which has been formed in pursuance of Regula on 18 of the Lis ng Regula ons 
and Sec on 177 of the Act. The primary objec ve of the Commi ee is to monitor and provide eﬀec ve supervision of the management's 
ﬁnancial repor ng process to ensure accurate and  mely disclosures, with the highest level of transparency, integrity and quality of ﬁnancial 
repor ng. It oversees the work carried out in the ﬁnancial repor ng process by the management, the internal auditors and the independent 
auditors. All possible measures have been taken by the Commi ee to ensure the objec vity and independence of the independent auditor. The 
Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Commi ee. All members of the Commi ee are ﬁnancially literate and have 
accoun ng or related ﬁnancial management exper se.
a)   Composi on of Audit Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
S. No.
 
Name of Commi ee Members
 
Designa on
 
Commi ee posi on
 
1   Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal  Non- Execu ve Independent 
Director 
Chairman 
2   Ms. Tanu Singla  Non- Execu ve Independent 
Director 
Member 
3   Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  Execu ve-Whole Time Director Member 
 
b)   Terms of Reference:
Primarily, the Audit Commi ee is responsible for:
1.   Oversight of the Company's ﬁnancial repor ng process and the disclosure of its ﬁnancial informa on to ensure that the ﬁnancial statement is 
correct, suﬃcient and credible.
2.   Recommenda on for appointment, remunera on and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company.
48
===== PAGE 52 =====
3.  Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors.
4.   Reviewing, with the management, the annual ﬁnancial statements and auditors report thereon before submission to the Board for approval, 
with par cular reference to:  
a.   Ma ers required being included in the Director's Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board's Report in terms of clause (c) of sub-
sec on 3 of Sec on 134 of the Companies Act, 2013
b.   Changes, if any, in accoun ng policies and prac ces and reasons for the   same 
c.   Major accoun ng entries involving es mates based on the exercise of judgment by management. 
d.   Signiﬁcant adjustments made in the ﬁnancial statements arising out of audit ﬁndings.
e.   Compliance with lis ng and other legal requirements rela ng to ﬁnancial statements
f.    Disclosure of any related party transac ons
g.   Modiﬁed opinion(s) in the dra  audit report.
5.   Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly ﬁnancial statements before submission to the Board for approval.
6.   Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / applica on of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferen al 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds u lized for purposes other than those stated in the oﬀer document/prospectus/no ce and the report 
submi ed by the monitoring agency monitoring the u lisa on of proceeds of a public or rights issue, preferen al  issue or qualiﬁed ins tu ons 
placement and making appropriate recommenda ons to the board to take up steps in this ma er.
7.   Reviewing and monitoring the auditor's independence and performance, and eﬀec veness of audit process 
8.   Approval or any subsequent modiﬁca on of transac ons of the company with related par es; including the omnibus approval for the 
related party transac ons proposed to be entered by the Company.
9.   Scru ny of inter-corporate loans and investments.
10.  Valua on of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary.
11.  Evalua on of internal ﬁnancial controls and risk management systems.
12.  Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors and adequacy of the internal control systems.
13.  Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit func on, if any, including the structure of the internal audit department, staﬃng and 
seniority of the oﬃcial heading the department, repor ng structure coverage and frequency of internal audit.
14.  Discussion with internal auditors of any signiﬁcant ﬁndings and follow up there on.
15.  Reviewing the ﬁndings of any internal inves ga ons by the internal auditors into ma ers  where  there  is  suspected fraud  or  irregularity  
or  a  failure  of  internal control systems of a material nature and repor ng the ma er to the board.
16.  Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and  scope  of  audit  as  well  as  post - audit  discussion to  
ascertain  any  area  of concern
17.  To look into the reasons for substan al defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of non - payment 
of declared dividends) and creditors 
18.  To review the func oning of the whistle blower mechanism.
19.  Approval   of   appointment   of   chief   ﬁnancial   oﬃcer   a er   assessing   the qualiﬁca ons, experience and background, etc. of the 
candidate.
20.  Carrying out any other func on as is men oned in the terms of reference of the audit commi ee.
21.  Reviewing  the  u liza on  of  loans  and/or  advances  from/investment  by  the holding company in the subsidiary exceeding  rupees 
492023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 53 =====
100 crore or 10% of the asset size  of  the  subsidiary,  whichever  is  lower  including  exis ng  loans/ advances/investments exis ng as on the 
date of coming into force of this provision
22.  Consider and comment on ra onale, cost - beneﬁts and impact of schemes involving   merger,   demerger,   amalgama on   etc.,   on   the   
listed   en ty   and   its shareholders.
23.  Such other role/func ons as may be speciﬁcally referred to the Commi ee by the Board of Directors and / or other commi ees of Directors 
of the Company and speciﬁed in Lis ng Regula ons.
c)  Mee ngs and a endance of Audit Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24
7 (Seven) Mee ngs of the Audit Commi ee were held during the Financial Year 2023-24 on May 10, 2023, July 12, 2023, August 10, 2023, 
November 04, 2023, December 06, 2023, February 08, 2024 and March 11, 2024. The necessary quorum was present during all the Mee ngs.
The a endance of Members at the mee ngs of the Commi ee held during the year is as follows:
 
Name & Designa on
 
Commi ee
 
posi on
 
Number
 
of
 
mee ngs
 
held
    
NumberofMee ngs
a ended 
   Mr. ManojKumar Goyal  
(Non-  Execu ve Independent Director)  
Chairman 7 7 
Ms. Tanu Singla  
 
Member 7 7 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  
 Member 7 7 
(Non-  Execu ve Independent Director
(Execu ve-Whole Time Director) 
II.  Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee (NRC) 
The Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee func ons in accordance with Sec on 178 of the Act, and Regula on 19 of the Lis ng 
Regula ons. It discharges the Board's responsibili es of Nomina on and Remunera on of the Company's Execu ve/Non-Execu ve Directors 
Senior Management and Key Managerial Personnel. It also has the overall responsibility of approving and evalua ng the performance of 
individual directors, Board as a whole and Board Commi ees.
a)  Composi on of Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
The composi on of the Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee meets the requirements as laid down under Sec on 178 (1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regula on 19 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. Chairman of the NRC is an Independent Director. The Company Secretary 
acts as the Secretary to the Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee.
b)  Terms of Reference:
Formula on  of  the  criteria  for  determining  qualiﬁca ons,  posi ve  a ributes  and independence of a director and recommend to the 
board of directors a policy rela ng to,   the   remunera on   of   the   directors,   key   managerial   personnel   and   other employees;
1A.  For  every  appointment  of  an  independent  director,  the  Nomina on  and Remunera on  Commi ee  shall  evaluate  the  balance
S. No. Name of Commi ee Members Designa on Commi ee posi on
 
1    
 
  
2    
3
  
 
Mr. Mudit Tandon
Dr. Dharam Vir
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal
Non-Executive Independent Director
Non-Executive Independent Director
Non-Executive Independent Director
Chairman
Member
Member
50
===== PAGE 54 =====
of  skills,  knowledge  and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evalua on, prepare a descrip on of  the  role  and  capabili es  
required  of  an  independent  director.  The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the 
capabili es iden ﬁed in such descrip on. For the purpose of iden fying suitable candidates, the Commi ee may: 
a.  use the services of an external agencies, if required; 
b.  consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c.  consider the  me commitments of the candidates.
2.  Formula on of criteria for evalua on of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;
 
3.  Devising a policy on  diversity of board of directors; 
4.  Iden fying  persons  who  are  qualiﬁed  to  become  directors  and  who  may  be appointed  in  senior  management  in  accordance  with  
the  criteria  laid  down,  and recommend to the board of directors their appointment and removal. 
5.  Whether to extend or con nue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of performance evalua on of 
independent directors. 
6.  Recommend to the board, all remunera on, in whatever form, payable to senior management.
7.  Such other role/func ons as may be speciﬁcally referred to the Commi ee by the Board of Directors and / or other commi ees of Directors of 
the Company and speciﬁed in Lis ng Regula ons.
c)  Mee ngs and a endance of Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24
3 (Three) mee ngs of the Nomina on & Remunera on Commi ee were held on May 08, 2023, July 12, 2023 and December 16, 2023 held 
during the Financial Year 2023-24. The necessary quorum was present during the Mee ngs.
The a endance of Members at the mee ngs of the Commi ee held during the year is as follows:-
Name & Designa on
 
Commi ee 
posi on 
Number of Mee ngs 
held 
Number of 
Mee ngs 
a ended 
 Mr. Mudit Tandon  
 
Chairman 3 1 
Dr. Dharam Vir  
(Non-Execu ve-Independent Director)  
Member 3 3 
(Non-Execu ve-Independent Director)
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal  
 Member 3 3 
(Non-Execu ve-Independent Director) 
d)   Appointment of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
NRC determines the criteria of appointment to the Board and is vested with the authority to iden fy candidates for appointment to the Board of 
Directors. In evalua ng the suitability of a person for appointment / con nuing to hold appointment as a Director, the NRC takes into account 
apart from others, Board diversity, person's eligibility, qualiﬁca on, skills, exper se, track record, general understanding of the business, 
professional ethics, integrity, values and other ﬁt and proper criteria's. Based on recommenda on of the NRC, the Board evaluates the 
candidate(s) and decide on the selec on of the appropriate member. In case of re-appointment of any Board member, NRC on the basis of 
evalua on scores of the concerned Board member pursuant to performance evalua on, recommends its decision to the Board to extend or 
con nue the term of appointment of the Board member.
The authority to iden fy right candidates for appointment of KMP's and SMPs (Senior Management Personnel) is vested with the Execu ve 
Directors. The Execu ve Directors along with HR Head iden ﬁes candidates internally or externally and proposes to NRC for its approval for 
appointment along with proposed remunera on. The remunera on proposed used to be consistent with the strategy of the Company and 
in line with the comparable market & internal remunera on benchmarks.
512023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 55 =====
e)   Senior Management Personnel 
The Company had 2 (Two) Senior Management Personnel viz. Mr. Sarangdhar R J, Vice President - (Unit Head - API & FDF) and Mr. Rajnish 
Rohatgi, CEO - Orchid AMS as on March 31, 2024. Mr. Rajnish Rohatgi was appointed as Senior Management Personnel of the Company w.e.f. 
September, 15, 2023.
III.   Stakeholders' Rela onship Commi ee 
The Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee of Directors speciﬁcally looks into various aspects of interest of Shareholders and Investors 
complaints and other related issues of shareholders and other security holders. It ensures protec ng investor interests and oversees the 
mechanism for redressal of investors' grievances. The Commi ee reviewed adherence to the service standards for investors adopted by the 
Company's Registrar & Share Transfer Agent and various measures & ini a ves taken for ensuring  mely receipt of dividend warrants/ annual 
reports/ statutory no ces by the shareholders of the Company and resolu on of grievance as also for facilita ng e-vo ng by shareholders.
a)   Composi on of Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
The composi on of the Stakeholder Rela onship Commi ee meets the requirements as laid down under Sec on 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regula on 20 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. Chairman of the Stakeholder Rela onship Commi ee is Non-Execu ve Independent 
Director. 
b)   Terms of Reference:
1.  Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the Company including complaints related to transfer/transmission of shares, non - receipt 
of annual report, non - receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate cer ﬁcates, general mee ngs etc.
2.  Review   of   measures   taken   for   eﬀec ve   exercise   of   vo ng   rights   by shareholders.
3.  Review  of  adherence  to  the  service  standards  adopted  by  the  Company  in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agent.
4.  Review  of  the  various  measures  and  ini a ves  taken  by  the Company  for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
 mely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory no ces by the shareholders of the company.
c)  Mee ngs and a endance of Stakeholders' Rela onship Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24
1 (One) mee ng of the Stakeholder Rela onship Commi ee was held on August 10, 2023 during the Financial Year 2023-24. The necessary 
quorum was present during the mee ng.
The a endance of Members at the mee ng(s) of the Commi ee held during the year is as follows:-
  
Name &Designa on
 
Commi ee
 
posi on
    
Numberof mee ngs
held
 
   
Number ofMee ngs
a ended
 Chairman
 
1
 
1
 
Member 1 1 
Dr.
 
Dharam
 
Vir, 
 (Non-Execu ve-IndependentDirector)
 
Member 1 1 
   Mr.  Manoj  Kumar  Goyal  (Non-  Execu ve-Independent  Director)  Ms. Tanu  Singla  
(Non-  Execu ve-Independent Director)
 
S. No. Name of Commi ee Members Designa on Commi ee posi on
 
1       
2    
3
  
 
Dr. Dharam Vir
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal
Ms. Tanu Singla
Non-Executive Independent Director
Non-Executive Independent Director
Non-Executive Independent Director
Chairman
Member
Member
52
===== PAGE 56 =====
The details of investor complaints (as reported under Regula on 13 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons) received and resolved during the period from 
April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 is as under:
No. of Investor 
Complaints  pending  at 
the beginning of  April 01, 
2023  
No. of Investor Complaints received from  April  1,  2023 
to  March  31,  2024  
No. of Investor Complaints resolved from April 1, 2023 
to March 31, 2024 
No. of Investor Complaints pending at the end of 
March 31, 2024 
1  1  2 0 
 
IV.  Risk Management Commi ee
The Risk Management Commi ee of Directors looks into for monitoring the risk management process in the Company. The Commi ee has been 
cons tuted to review the process for systema c iden ﬁca on and assessment of the business risks, to assess the cri cal risk exposures by 
specialized analysis and quality reviews and report to the Board the details of any signiﬁcant development rela ng to these including the steps 
being taken to manage the exposures, review the risks associated with cyber security, iden fy and make recommenda ons to the Board, to the 
extent necessary on resources and staﬃng required for an eﬀec ve risk management.
a)  Composi on of Risk Management Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
S. No.
 
Name
 
of
 
Commi ee
 
Members
 
Category
 
Commi ee
 
posi on
 
1    Dr. Dharam Vir  Non-Execu ve - Independent 
Director  
Chairman 
2  Mr.  Manish Dhanuka  Managing Director  Member 
3  Mr.  Mridul Dhanuka  Whole  me Director  Member 
4  Mr.  Sunil Kumar Gupta  Chief Financial Oﬃcer  Member 
5
 
Dr.
 
R. J.
 
Sarangdhar
 
Unit Head-API & FDF(Senior General 
Manager)
 Member
 
 
The composi on of the Risk Management Commi ee meets the requirements as laid down under regula on 21 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. 
The Chairman of the Commi ee is Non-Execu ve Independent Director. 
a)  Terms of Reference:
1.  To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:
a.  A  framework  for  iden ﬁca on  of  internal  and  external  risks  speciﬁcally faced  by  the  listed  en ty,  in  par cular  including  
ﬁnancial,  opera onal, sectoral, sustainability (par cularly, ESG related risks), informa on, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be 
determined by the Commi ee.
b.  Measures for risk mi ga on including systems and processes for internal control of iden ﬁed risks.
c.  Business con nuity plan
2.  To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated with the business of the 
Company;
3.  To  monitor  and  oversee  implementa on  of  the  risk  management policy, including evalua ng the adequacy of risk management systems;
4.  To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including   by   considering   the   changing   industry   dynamics   
and   evolving complexity;
5.  To  keep  the  board of  directors  informed  about  the  nature  and  content  of  its discussions, recommenda ons and ac ons to be taken;
532023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 57 =====
6.  The appointment, removal and terms of remunera on of the Chief Risk Oﬃcer (if any);
7.  The   Risk   Management   Commi ee   shall   coordinate   its   ac vi es   with   other commi ees,  in  instances  where  there  is  any  overlap  
with  ac vi es  of  such commi ees, as per the framework laid down by the board of directors;
8.  Such other role/func ons as may be speciﬁcally referred to the Commi ee by the Board of Directors and / or other commi ees of Directors of 
the Company and speciﬁed in SEBI/RBI Regula ons
b)  Mee ngs and a endance of Risk Management Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24
2 (Two) mee ngs of the Risk Management Commi ee were held during the Financial Year 2023-2024 on August 10, 2023 and February 05, 2024. 
The necessary quorum was present during the Mee ngs.
The a endance of Members at the mee ng(s) of the Commi ee held during the year is as follows:
 
Name & Designa on
  
Commi eeposi on
   
NumberofMee ngs held
 
Number
 
of
 
Mee ngs 
a ended
 Dr. DharamVir
 
   (Non-Execu ve - Independent Director)  
Chairman
 
2
 
2
 
 Mr. Manish Dhanuka  
(Managing Director)  
Member 2 2 
Mr.  Mridul Dhanuka  
(Whole Time Director)  
Member 2 1 
(Chief Financial Oﬃcer)
Mr.  Sunil Kumar Gupta  
 Member 2 2 
  
 Member
 
2
 
2
 
Dr. R. J. Sarangdhar 
{Unit Head-API & FDF(Senior General Manager)} 
V.   Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee
The company cons tuted a June 19, 2023.Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee w.e.f. 
a)   Composi on of Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee as on March 31, 2024:
S. No.  Name  of  Commi ee  Members  Category Commi ee posi on 
1   Mr. Manish Dhanuka  Execu ve Director-Managing Director Chairman 
2   Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  Execu ve Director-Whole  me Director Member 
3  .   Dr Dharam Vir  Non-Execu ve - Independent Director Member 
 
b)   Terms of Reference:
1.   To formulate and recommend to the Board, an annual ac on plan in pursuance of its a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, which shall 
indicate the list of CSR projects or programmes that are approved to be undertaken in areas or subjects speciﬁed in Schedule VII of the Act;
2.   Recommend the manner of execu on of such projects and amount of expenditure to be incurred on the ac vi es referred to in clause (a);
3.   Monitoring and ensuring implementa on of the projects / programmes / ac vi es proposed to be undertaken by the Company;
4.   Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the Company from  me to  me; 
5.   Conduct impact assessment, if any, for the projects undertaken by the company; and
54
===== PAGE 58 =====
6.   Discharge such other role/func ons as may be speciﬁcally referred to the Commi ee by the Board of Directors in rela on to Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy of the Company and as speciﬁed in the Act from  me to  me.
c)   Mee ngs and a endance of Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24
Since, the Company had Nil obliga on to spend towards Corporate Social Responsibility Expenditure, no mee ng of CSR Commi ee was held 
during the ﬁnancial year 2023-24.
NON- STATUTORY COMMITTEES
1.   Banking, Finance and Opera ons Commi ee
The Banking, Finance and Opera ons Commi ee is inter-alia entrusted with the power to monitor and review and take care of the various 
rou ne banking, ﬁnancial (including borrowings monies) and opera onal ma ers of the Company.
a)   The composi on of the Banking, Finance and Opera ons Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
   Name ofCommi ee Members  Category  Commi eePosi on 
  Mr. ManishDhanuka  Managing Director Chairman 
  Mr. MridulDhanuka  Whole  me Director Member 
 
b)   Terms of Reference:
1.   To monitor, review and take care of the various rou ne banking, ﬁnancial and opera onal ma ers of the Company.
2.   To employ/invest the surplus funds available in the Company in any of the Mutual funds managed by Trusts up to an amount not exceeding 
Rs.125 Crores (Rupees One Hundred and Twenty Five Crores Only) to facilitate the short term gains for the beneﬁt of the Company.
c)   Mee ngs and a endance of Banking, Finance and Opera ons Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-24:
8 (Eight) mee ngs of the Banking, Finance and Opera ons Commi ee were held on April 12, 2023, April 18, 2023, May 25, 2023, June 19, 2023, 
July 12, 2023, September 18, 2023, October 30, 2023 and February 22, 2024 during the Financial Year 2023-24.
  
Name &Designa on
 
Commi ee
 
posi on
    
Number of mee ngs
held 
Number
 
of
 
Mee ngs
 a ended 
  Mr. ManishDhanuka  
Execu ve Director-Managing Directors  
Chairman 8 8 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka
Execu ve Director-Whole  me Director 
Member 8 8 
 
ii)   Business Restructuring Commi ee
The Business Restructuring Commi ee inter-alia includes evalua on of proposals of business restructuring and recommend to the Board of 
Directors. The composi on of the Business restructuring Commi ee and the a endance of the members at the mee ngs held during the year 
are given below:
a)   The composi on of the Business Restructuring Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
   Name of Commi ee Members  Category Commi ee Posi on 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka  Managing Director Chairman 
  
  
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  Whole Time Director Member 
   Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta  Chief Financial Oﬃcer Member 
 
552023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 59 =====
No mee ng of the Business Restructuring Commi ee was held during the Financial Year 2023-24. Further, due to fulﬁlment of the purpose 
for which Commi ee was cons tuted, the Commi ee has been dissolved by the Board in its mee ng held on May 23, 2024 with eﬀect from 
the date of Board mee ng.
b)   Terms of Reference:
Review, analyse and evaluate proposals of business restructuring, and recommending such proposals to Board of Directors which helps 
company in modifying, reshaping its opera onal or ﬁnancial structure with the inten on of increasing eﬃciency, enhance business growth etc.
iii)   Restructusring Commi ee:
The Restructuring Commi ee of the Board of Directors was cons tuted inter-alia to take all necessary steps as may be considered necessary in 
connec on with the proposed Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgama on of Dhanuka Laboratories Limited with and into Orchid Pharma 
Limited. The composi on of the Restructuring Commi ee and the a endance of the members at the mee ngs held during the year are given 
below:
a)   The composi on of the Restructuring Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
   Name ofCommi eeMembers  Category Commi ee Posi on 
Mr.  Manish Dhanuka  Managing Director Chairman 
Mr.  Mridul Dhanuka  Whole Time Director Member 
Mr.  Sunil Kumar Gupta  Chief Financial Oﬃcer Member 
 
b)   Terms of Reference
1.  To sign and ﬁle applica ons/aﬃdavits/documents with such statutory authori es as may be required for approval or delegate such authority 
to another person by a valid Power of A orney or other appropriate authoriza on;
2.  Filing of the Scheme with the regulatory or-statutory authority(ies) in terms of the applicable laws and regula ons for obtaining approval to 
the Scheme
3.  Filing of the applica on(s) with the Tribunal seeking direc ons for holding / dispensa on of the mee ngs of the shareholders and creditors 
for obtaining their approval to the Scheme; 
4.  Conduc ng the mee ng of the shareholders and/or the creditors, signing and sending the no ce and carry all such other ac vi es in rela on 
to the mee ng if Tribunal and/ or the Government Authority, as the case may be and as applicable, does not dispense with the mee ngs; 
5.  Filing of pe  on(s) for conﬁrma on of the said Scheme with the Tribunal in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013;
6.  Swear aﬃdavits and to give undertakings, to engage counsels, advocates, chartered accountants, merchant bankers and other expert 
advisors for implementa on of the Scheme;
7.  Obtaining approval/ consent from such other authori es and par es including the shareholders, term loan lenders, ﬁnancial ins tu ons and 
other creditors as may be considered necessary, to the said Scheme;
8.  To se le any ques on/ issue or diﬃculty that may arise with regard to the implementa on of the above Scheme, and to give eﬀect to the 
above resolu on;
9.  To sign all applica ons, pe  ons, vakalatnamas, no objec on cer ﬁcates and / or other documents in rela on to the Scheme;
10.  Filing of aﬃdavits, pleadings, cer ﬁcates, declara ons, undertakings, proceedings, reports, issuing adver sements and no ces or any other 
documents incidental or deemed necessary or useful in connec on with the above proceedings and to do all such acts as are necessary or 
56
===== PAGE 60 =====
incidental to the said proceedings for obtaining conﬁrma on of the Scheme by the Tribunal and other regulatory authori es;
11.   To make requisite statutory ﬁlings with the concerned Registrar of Companies in connec on with the Scheme;
12. To represent the Company before any regulatory authori es including Central or State Government, Regional Director, Registrar of 
Companies, Oﬃcial Liquidator and before Tribunal for the purpose of the proposed Scheme, signing and ﬁling of all documents, deeds, 
applica ons, no ces, pe  ons and le ers, to ﬁnalize and execute all necessary applica ons/documents/ papers for and behalf of the Company;
13.  To access all books, records, facili es and call upon personnel of the Company as deemed necessary or appropriate by any member of the 
Commi ee to discharge the responsibili es;
14.  Issue consent le ers on behalf of the Company in the capacity of shareholders / creditors in rela on to the proposed Scheme, as may be 
required;
15.  To aﬃx the common seal of the Company on any documents in connec on with the purpose of the above resolu on as may be required in 
accordance with the Ar cles of Associa on of the Company
16.  To withdraw, terminate or abandon the Scheme at any stage in case any changes and/or modiﬁca ons suggested/ required to be made in 
the Scheme or any condi on imposed, whether by any shareholder, creditor, Tribunal and /or any other regulatory authority, are in their view 
not in the interest of the Company, and / or if the Scheme cannot be implemented otherwise, and to do all such deeds, acts and things as any of 
them may deem necessary and desirable in connec on therewith and incidental thereto; and
17.  To do all such other acts, ma ers, deeds and things necessary or desirable in connec on with or incidental to giving eﬀect to the purpose of 
the above resolu on or to otherwise give eﬀect to the Scheme and to decide and se le all ma ers and issues that may arise in this regard and/or 
to get the same done by delega ng to one or more of these ac vi es to oﬃcial(s) of the Company as it may deem ﬁt.
No mee ng of the Restructuring Commi ee was held during the Financial Year 2023-24. Further, due to fulﬁlment of the purpose for which 
Commi ee was cons tuted, the Commi ee has been dissolved by the Board in its mee ng held on May 23, 2024 with eﬀect thereof.
iv)  Capital Restructuring Commi ee 
The Capital Restructuring Commi ee was cons tuted inter-alia to take all necessary steps as may be considered necessary in rela on to the 
Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement. The composi on of the Capital Restructuring Commi ee and the a endance of the members at the mee ngs 
held during the year are given below:
The composi on of the Capital Restructuring Commi ee as at March 31, 2024 is as under:
   Name ofCommi eeMembers  Category Commi ee Posi on 
Mr.Manoj Kumar Goyal  Non-Execu ve - Independent Director Chairman 
Dr. Dharam Vir  Non-Execu ve - Independent Director Member 
Mr.  Mridul Dhauka  Whole Time Director Member 
 
b)   Terms of Reference:  
 
1   To determine the form, terms and  ming (i.e. opening and/or closing dates) of the QIP, including number of the Equity Shares to be allo ed in 
each tranche, ﬂoor price, ﬁnal allotment price in accordance with the Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regula ons”) and/or any other applicable laws, including any discount of up to 
5% of the ﬂoor price or such other discount as may be permi ed under applicable law, premium amount in issue, lis ngs on one or more stock 
exchanges, the date for the opening and closure of the subscrip on period for the Equity Shares (including the extension of such subscrip on 
period, as may be necessary or expedient), and to make and accept any modiﬁca ons in the proposals as may be required by the authori es 
involved in such QIP and also agree to any condi ons imposed by such authori es at the  me of gran ng their approval, to do all acts, deeds, 
ma ers and things and to se le any ques ons or diﬃcul es that may arise in regard to the QIP; 
572023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 61 =====
2.   To allot the Equity Shares, in one or more series and/or one or more tranches, issued in accordance with the terms of oﬀering; 
3.  To undertake all such ac ons and compliances as may be necessary in accordance with the SEBI    ICDR Regula ons and the Securi es and 
Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as amended (the “SEBI Lis ng Regula ons”) or 
any other applicable laws; 
4.   To approve and adopt any special purpose ﬁnancials statements, if any, in respect of the QIP;
5.   To determine and vary u liza on of the QIP proceeds in accordance with the applicable laws;
6.   To take the decision pertaining to road shows (deal and non-deal road shows) and investor meet(s);
7.   To ﬁnalise the basis of allotment of the Equity Shares on the basis of the subscrip ons received (including in the event of over-subscrip on);
8.   To seek, if required, any approval, consent or waiver from the Company's lenders, and/or par es with whom the Company has entered into 
various commercial and other agreements, and/or any or all concerned government and regulatory authori es in India, and/or any other 
approvals, consents or waivers that may be required in connec on with the crea on, issue, oﬀer and allotment of Equity Shares of face value of 
₹10/- each of the Company (hereina er referred to as “Equity Shares”);
9.   To open one or more bank accounts in the name of the Company or otherwise, including escrow account, with such banks in India, as may be 
necessary or expedient in connec on with the issue and allotment of the Equity Shares;
10.  To apply to the BSE Limited and the Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited (collec vely referred to as “Stock Exchanges”) for obtaining of 
in-principle approval and ﬁling of requisite documents with the Registrar of Companies;
11.  To ﬁnalize all the terms and condi ons and the structure of the Equity Shares, to do all such acts, deeds, ma ers and things as the Capital 
Restructuring Commi ee may, in its absolute discre on deem necessary or desirable in connec on with the Equity Shares, and to se le any 
ques on, diﬃculty or doubts that may arise with regard to the oﬀer, issue and allotment of the Equity Shares, subject however, to applicable 
laws, and to take such ac ons or give such direc ons as may be necessary or desirable and to obtain any approvals, permissions and / or 
sanc ons which may be necessary or desirable, as it may deem ﬁt or as the Capital Restructuring Commi ee may suo moto decide in its absolute 
discre on in the best interests of the Company; and
12.   To delegate any of its powers set out hereinabove, as may be deemed necessary and permissible under applicable laws to the oﬃcials of the 
Company.
C.  Mee ngs and a endance of Capital Restructuring Commi ee during the Financial Year 2023-2024:
No mee ng of the Capital Restructuring Commi ee was held during the Financial Year 2023-24. Further, due to fulﬁlment of the purpose 
for which Commi ee was cons tuted, the Commi ee has been dissolved by the Board in its mee ng held on May 23, 2024 with eﬀect 
thereof.
D.  REMUNERATION/PAYMENT CRITERIA OF DIRECTORS AND POLICY THEREON  
The remunera on of Execu ve / Non-Execu ve Directors and KMPs is governed by the external compe  ve environment, track record, 
poten al, individual performance and performance of the Company as well as industry standards and decided by NRC. 
I.   Remunera on to Execu ve Directors
The Remunera on of Execu ve Directors is decided by the Board based on recommenda on of NRC within the ceiling ﬁxed by the Shareholders 
and permissible under the Act and other relevant laws and regula ons. Remunera on paid to the Execu ve Directors for the year ended March 
31, 2024 and the disclosure as per the requirement of Schedule V of the Act and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, are as follows:
58
===== PAGE 62 =====
Name and Designa on of 
the Director  
Salary &
 Perquisites  
Bonus
 
Commission 
payable 
Others
 
Total
 
Mr.  Manish Dhanuka  
Managing Director  
79,08,529.00  11,000.00 25,988,000.00 16,02,524 3,55,10,053.00 
Mr.  Mridul Dhanuka  
Whole Time Director
 79,08,529.00  11,000.00 25,988,000.00 16,02,524 3,55,10,053.00 
 
II.   Payments to Non-Execu ve Directors
Pursuant to Sec on 178 of Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee has laid down 
criteria and terms and condi ons rela ng to Nomina on and remunera on of the directors, Senior Management and Key Managerial 
Personnel. The detailed policy about the criteria of making payments to non-execu ve directors is posted on your Company's website 
http://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Criteria%20of%20making%20payment%20to%20Non-Executive%20Directors.pdf.
Payments made to Non-Execu ve Directors including Independent Directors and Non-Independent Directors during the ﬁnancial year 2023-24 
is as follows:
Name(s) of the
Director(s)
 
Remunera on paid during the year 2023- 24 (In Rs.)
 
No. of Stock
 
Op ons
 
Sharehol
ding
 
Salary & 
Perquisites
 
Commission/ 
bonus
 
Si ng fees
 
Others
 
Total
 
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal
 Chairman & Non-
 Execu ve Director  
-
 
-
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
Mr. Arjun Dhanuka  
Non-  Execu ve Director  
-  -  1,00,000 - 1,00,000 - - 
Dr. Dharam Vir 
Independent Director  
-  -  2,85,000 - 2,85,000 - - 
Independent Director
 -
 
-
 
80,000
 
-
 
80,000
 
-
 
-
 
Mr. Mudit Tandon 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal 
Independent Director
 -
 
-
 
2,60,000
 
-
 
2,60,000
 
-
 
-
 
Independent Director
 
-
 
-
 
2,45,000
 
-
 
2,45,000
 
-
 
-
 
Ms. Tanu Singla  
Directors and Oﬃcers Liability Insurance
In line with the requirements of Regula on 25(10) of the Lis ng Regula ons, the Company has in place a Directors and Oﬃcers Liability 
Insurance Policy (D&O) for all its Independent Directors for such quantum and for such risk as may be determined.
III.   Informa on of pecuniary rela onship or transac ons of the Non-Execu ve Directors vis-à-vis the Company
All Non-Execu ve Directors are en tled to only Si ng fees for every Board and Commi ee Mee ng they a end and the same is in within the 
limits stated in Companies Act, 2013.  Non-Execu ve Directors including Independent Directors do not have any pecuniary rela onship or 
transac ons with the Company except as stated in this report vis-à-vis Si ng Fees paid.
IV.  Details of Stock op ons, Number of Shares and conver ble instruments held by Non-Execu ve Directors:
None of the Non-Execu ve Directors holds any shares or conver ble instruments i.e. which are conver ble into equity shares of the
Amount in Rs.
592023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 63 =====
Company as on March 31, 2024. However, as on   March 31, 2024, M/s. Dhanuka Laboratories Limited holds 69.84% equity shares and 14,300 
Zero Coupon, Op onally Conver ble Non-marketable Debentures in Orchid Pharma Limited. Apart from receiving si ng fees, no Non-Execu ve 
Director including Independent Directors received any ﬁxed component & performance linked incen ves from the Company during the period 
under review. The Company has not granted any stock op ons to any of its Non-Execu ve Independent Directors. Further, Mr. Ram Gopal 
Agarwal, Non-Execu ve Director is one of the Signiﬁcant Beneﬁcial Owner of the Company by virtue of indirect holding through M/s. Dhanuka 
Laboratories Limited. The Company presently does not have any ac ve Employee Stock Op on Scheme.
V.   Performance Evalua on criteria for Independent Directors
In terms of provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regula on 17(10) read with Regula on 25(4) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Board 
conducts an annual performance evalua on of its own performance, the performance of the Directors individually as well as the evalua on of 
the working of its Commi ees through ques onnaire designed with qualita ve parameters and feedback based on ra ngs. The Performance 
evalua on of Independent Directors was carried out on an annual basis. Structured assessment forms were used for the evalua on of 
Independent Directors comprising various aspects relevant to their func oning such as a endance at the Board and Commi ee mee ngs and 
ac ve par cipa on thereof, ﬂow of informa on to the Board, objec ve judgement, adherence to the Code of Conduct, eﬀec veness of 
contribu on and its impact on the Company, performance of speciﬁc du es and obliga ons, governance, etc. The Board of Directors expressed 
their sa sfac on with the Policy and Annual Performance Evalua on process and evalua on results.
E.   GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
I)   Annual General Mee ngs (AGM)
Details of Annual General Mee ngs held in the last 3 (Three) years are as follows:
Financial 
Year
 
AGM
 
Loca on
 
Special Resolu ons 
passed
 
Date
 
Time
 2022-2023
 
AGM
 
The AGM was held through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual 
Means (“OAVM”). The Regist ered oﬃce 
of the Company i.e. Plot Nos. 121-128, 
128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO 
Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u 
Dist.-
 
603110, Tamil Nadu, India
 
shall be 
deemed to be the venue of the mee ng.
 
* 3
 
Special 
Resolu ons were 
passed.
 
 
August 09, 
2023
 
11:30
 
A.M.
 
2021-2022  AGM  The AGM was held through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual 
Means (“OAVM”). The Registered oﬃce 
of the Company i.e. “Orchid Towers”, 
No.313, Valluvarko am high road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai-600034 shall 
be deemed to be the venue of the 
mee ng.
 
NIL July 15, 2022 03:00 P.M . 
2020-2021
 
AGM
 
The Annual General mee ng was held 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / 
Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”). The 
Registered oﬃce of the Company i.e. 
“Orchid Towers”, No.313, Valluvarko am 
high road, Nungambakkam, Chennai-
600034 shall be deemed to be the venue 
of the mee ng.
 
**
 
3 Special
 
Resolu ons were 
passed.
 
 
August 13,
 
2021
 12:20 P.M .
 
 
*Resolu ons pertaining to the following ma ers were passed as Special Resolu ons in the Annual General Mee ng held for FY 2022-23: 
60
===== PAGE 64 =====
• To approve Shi ing of Registered oﬃce of the Company outside the local limits of the city but within the jurisdic on of same State and 
Registrar of Companies.
• Approval of the limit of managerial remunera on payable to Shri Manish Dhanuka (DIN: 00238798), Managing Director of the Company.
• Approval of the limit of managerial remunera on payable to Shri Mridul Dhanuka (DIN: 00199441) Whole-Time Director of the Company.
• **Resolu ons pertaining to the following ma ers were passed as Special Resolu ons in the Annual General Mee ng held for FY 2020-21:
• To approve the Borrowing powers of the Company under Sec on 180(1) ( c) of the Companies Act, 2013;
• Approval for crea on of Charges/Mortgage proper es of the Company under Sec on 180(1) (a) of the Companies Act, 2013;
• Approval to make Investments, give loans, guarantees and provide securi es under Sec on 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
ii)   Extra-ordinary General Mee ng
During the period under review, no Extra-ordinary General Mee ng was held.
iii)   Postal Ballot
Details of resolu ons passed through Postal Ballot, the person who conducted the postal ballot exercise and details of vo ng pa ern:
The Company had sought the approval of the Shareholders by way of an Ordinary resolu on for Appointment of Mr. Arjun Dhanuka (DIN: 
00454689) as Non-Execu ve Non-Independent Director of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 152 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁca ons of Directors) Rules, 2014(“Rules”) 
framed thereunder, Regula on 17 and other applicable regula ons of the Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 (“SEBI Lis ng Regula ons”), as amended, the Ar cles of Associa on of the Company, based on the 
approvals and recommenda on of the Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee and that of the Board of Directors, which was duly passed and 
the results of which were announced on November 28, 2023. The Postal Ballot was conducted by Mr. Ashok, Partner, M/s. VAPN & Associates, 
Prac cing Company Secretary who was appointed as the Scru nizer by the Board of Directors. The Scru nizer's report on the results of the 
a fo re s a i d  Po sta l  b a l l o t  s a m e  i s  ava i l a b l e  at  t h e  we b s i te  o f  t h e  C o m p a ny  a n d  t h e  we b  l i n k  fo r  t h e  s a m e  i s 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/Downloads/stockexchangers/ORCHIDSCRUTINIZERREPORTANDVOTINGRESULTSPOSTALBALLOT.
pdf
Procedure for postal ballot: 
The postal ballot was carried out as per the provisions of Sec ons 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with the Rules 
framed thereunder and read with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020, 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, 20/2020 dated 5th 
May, 2020, 22/2020 dated 15th June, 2020, 33/2020 dated 28th September, 2020, 39/2020 dated 31st December, 2020, 10/2021 dated 23rd 
June, 2021, 20/2021 dated 8th December, 2021, 3/2022 dated 5th May, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022 and General Circular No. 
09/2023 dated 25th September, 2023 respec vely issued by the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs and Secretarial Standard on General Mee ngs 
(“SS-2”) issued by the Ins tute of Company Secretaries of India. The Company had dispatched the Postal Ballot No ce on Saturday, October 28, 
2023 to the members as on Saturday, October 21, 2023 and were requested to vote during the period from October 29, 2023 to November 27, 
2023 on the dra  resolu ons men oned in the Postal Ballot No ce. 
During the year under review, No Special Resolu ons were passed through postal ballot and no proposals to pass special resolu ons 
through postal ballot as on the date of this report.
F. SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
In terms of Regula on 16(1)(c) of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons read with the Policy on Subsidiaries of the Company, the Company does not have 
any 'material' non-listed Indian subsidiaries for year ended March 31, 2024.
The company has a policy for determining' material' subsidiaries in terms of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons and such policy is uploaded on the 
Company's website and can be accessed through the following link 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Policy%20for%20Material%20Subsidiaries_v-2.0.pdf
612023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 65 =====
As a holding company, the performance of subsidiaries is monitored by the following means:
• The Audit commi ee / Board of the Company quarterly reviews the ﬁnancial statements of the unlisted subsidiary companies, in par cular 
the investments made by these companies.
• Minutes of Board mee ngs of the unlisted subsidiary companies are placed before the Board mee ngs of the Company periodically.
• A statement containing all signiﬁcant transac ons and arrangements entered into by the unlisted subsidiary companies is placed at the 
Board mee ngs of the Company periodically.
• Since the Company does not have any material unlisted Indian subsidiaries of the Company, Secretarial audit is not required to be carried 
out for the period under review.
G.   MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
In accordance to Regula on 46 of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Company has maintained a func onal website at . www.orchidpharma.com
The Company's quarterly (un-audited), and annual ﬁnancial results (audited) are submi ed to the Stock Exchanges immediately a er these are 
approved by the Board in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons. The Annual Report of the Company and the 
quarterly/annual ﬁnancial results of the Company are also placed on the Company's website and can be accessed from the link 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_Annualreports.html h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_ﬁnancial.html and  respec vely. 
These ﬁnancial results (Quarterly/Annual) are generally published in one of the leading newspapers of the country i.e. Financial Express in 
English and Makkal Kural (Tamil) and are displayed on the website of the Company i.e.
 Oﬃcial news releases are also updated on the site. Further, the Company also h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_in ma on.aspx. 
publish the other important no ces / informa on in Financial Express, English newspaper and Makkal Kural (Tamil) newspaper, having wide 
circula on in Chennai besides uploading the same on the website of the Company from  me to  me. Oﬃcial news releases and oﬃcial press 
releases are sent to NSE and BSE before sending the same to media and are also displayed on the Company's website i.e. 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_in ma on.aspx. Presenta ons were made to the Ins tu onal Investors / Analysts during the 
Financial Year 2023-24. The presenta ons made to the Ins tu onal Investors / Analysts are posted on the Company's website and can be 
accessed ath p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_conferencecalls.html.
All the corporate communica ons to the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE Limited and Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited are ﬁled electronically 
on BSE's on-line portal i.e. BSE Lis ng Centre and with NSE through NSE's “NSE Electronic Applica on Processing System” (NEAPS) portal 
including the Press Releases, which Company releases. The Stock Exchange ﬁlings are also made available on the website of the Company and 
can be accessed at h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_in ma on.aspx.
The Company has designated an e-mail ID i.e. exclusively for redressal of Shareholders / Investors complaints / grievances. cs@orchidpharma.com 
Shareholders may also contact Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent, M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited, to report any grievance. Contact details of 
the RTA are available on the website of the Company i.e. http://www.orchidpharma.com/cont_Investor.html.
H.   GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION 
  
I)    Annual General Mee ng
Pursuant to Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020, 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, 22/2020 
dated 15th June, 2020, 33/2020 dated 28th September, 2020, 39/2020 dated 31st December, 2020, 10/2021 dated 23rd June, 2021, 
20/2021 dated 8th December, 2021, 3/2022 dated 5th May, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022 and General Circular No. 09/2023 
dated 25th September, 2023, the companies has been allowed to conduct their Annual General Mee ngs through video conference/other 
st
audio visual (VC/OAVM) means  ll September 30, 2024. Accordingly, it has been decided by the Company to hold its 31  Annual General 
Mee ng (AGM) through VC/OAVM as per the details men oned hereunder:
Date :  Wednesday, August 21, 2024  
Time :  11.30 A.M (IST)
Evo ng cut oﬀ date             August 14, 2024
/Record Date:  
62
===== PAGE 66 =====
ii)   Financial Calendar
The ﬁnancial year covers the period star ng from 1st April and ending on 31st March. 
Adop on of Quarterly Results:
For the Quarter ended on or before (actual & tenta ve for future quarters)
June 30, 2024
 
On or before August 13, 2024
 
(Subject to Limited Review)
 
September 30, 2024  On or before November 14, 2024 (Subject to Limited Review) 
December 31, 2024  On or before February 14, 2025 (Subject to Limited Review) 
March 31, 2025  On or before May 30, 2025 (Audited) 
 
iii)   Dividend Payment Date
The Company has not recommended/paid any dividend for the period under review.
iv)   Lis ng on Stock Exchanges
Equity Shares of the Company are currently listed on the following Stock Exchanges:
a.   BSE Limited (BSE): Address: Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001;
b.  Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): Address: “Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai -
400051
Na onal Securi es Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) are the depositories for the equity shares 
of the Company.
The Annual Lis ng Fees for the ﬁnancial year 2024-25 have been paid by the Company to both NSE and BSE where the Company's equity shares 
are listed.
v)   Payment to Depository 
Annual Custody/Issuer fee for the year 2024-25 has been paid by the Company to CDSL and NSDL.
vi)   Scrip Symbol / Code
NSE:  ORCHPHARMA
BSE:  524372
The ISIN allo ed to Equity Shares of the Company is INE191A01027 (with NSDL and CDSL).
CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994 
vii)   Stock Market data
Monthly high and low quota ons along with the volume of shares traded at NSE and BSE for 2023-2024 are:
632023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 67 =====
Month
 
NSE
 
BSE
 
High(Rs)
 
Low(Rs)
 
Volume of  
Shares(Nos)
 
High(Rs)
 
Low(Rs)
 
Volume of  
Shares(Nos)
 
Apr -23
 
403.50
 
372.65
 
1,47,000
 
400.00
 
371.20
 
9,710
 
May -23
 
450.00
 
381.35
 
1,79,000
 
449.50
 
385.05
 
96,022
 
Jun -23
 
524.00
 
408.00
 
5,30,000
 
519.7O
 
408.10
 
1,34,559
 
Jul-23
 
634.80
 
486.20
 
9,86,000
 
630.00
 
489.50
 
5,11,628
 
Aug -23
 
625.00
 
527.55
 
5,32,000
 
633.00
 
529.55
 
1,59,532
 Sep -23
 
577.00
 
500.10
 
7,26,000
 
572.00
 
500.00
 
3,27,971
 Oct -23
 
544.85
 
432.05
 
5,42,411
 
539.50
 
432.35
 
1,15,258
 Nov -23
 
604.90
 
464.95
 
20,91,932
 
605.00
 
471.45
 
21,55,588
 Dec -23
 
749.50
 
556.85
 
91,39,916
 
749.00
 
556.60
 
20,07,875
 Jan -24
 
948.70
 
702.75
 
55,12,886
 
948.75
 
702.30
 
5,27,653
 
Feb -24
 
1,359.95
 
806.25
 
69,95,038
 
1,358.80
 
805.80
 
13,13,093
 
Mar -24
 
1,228.40
 
952.10
 
25,01,869
 
1,228.70
 
951.55
 
2,06,089
 
TOTAL
   
2,98,84, 052
   
75,64,978
 
 
77500 1500
1200
90070000
62500
600
300
55000 0
BSE SENSEX
OPL SCRIP(in Rs.)
COMPARATIVE CHART OF ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED SCRIP WITH 
BSE SENSEX
MONTH
BSE SENSEX OPL Scrip(in Rs.)
Closing Price
Closing Price:
64
===== PAGE 68 =====
30000
1600
24000 1280
18000
12000
960
640
320
6000 0
Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23 Jan-24 Feb-24 Mar-24
NSE NIFTY
OPL SCRIP(in Rs.)
COMPARATIVE CHART OF ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED SCRIP WITH 
NSE NIFTY
MONTH
NSE NIFTY OPL Scrip(in Rs.)
EQUITY HISTORY OF THE COMPANY SINCE INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY UP TO MARCH 31, 2024
Date of 
allotment
 
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
 
Face value per 
Equity Share
 
( )
 
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
 
( )
 
Nature of 
considera 
on
 
Nature of allotment
 
Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
 
July 13, 
1992
 
70
 
10
 
10
 
Cash
 
Subscrip on to MoA
 
70
 
November 
26, 1992
 
249,930
 
10
 
10
 
Cash
 
Issued  on private 
placement basis
 
250,000
 
February 
27, 1993
 
1,451,800
 
10
 
10
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
1,701,800
 November 
04, 1993
 
1,798,200
 
10
 
10
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
3,500,000
 November 
08, 1993
 
2,500,000
 
10
 
10.00
 
Cash
 
Ini al public oﬀering
 
6,000,000
 July 18,
 
1994
 
350,000
 
10
 
140.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
6,350,000
 
July 18, 
1994
 
1,00,000
 
10
 
120.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
64,50,000
 
July 18,
 1994
 
100,000
 
10
 
145.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
6,550,000
 
July 18, 
1994  
350,000  10  141.00  Cash Issued on private 
placement basis 
6,900,000 
July 18, 
1994  
300,000  10  135.00  Cash Issued on private 
placement basis 
7,200,000 
`
`
652023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 69 =====
November 
01, 1994  
200,000  10  200.00  Cash Issued to foreign 
ins tu onal investors on 
private placement basis 
7,400,000, 
November 
01, 1994
 50,000
 
10
 
190.00
 
Cash
 
Issued to foreign 
ins tu onal investors on 
private placement basis
 
7,450,000
 
November 
03, 1994
 1,000,000
 
10
 
87.70
 
Cash
 
Pursuant to conversion of 
warrants
 8,450,000
 
November 
03, 1994
 160,000
 
10
 
175.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 8,610,000
 
November 
03, 1994
 
25,000
 
10
 
170.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
86,35,000
 
November 
03, 1994
 
38,000
 
10
 
40.00
 
Cash
 
Issued on private 
placement basis
 
8,673,000
 
April 21, 
1995
 
8,673,000
 
10
 
40.00
 
Cash
 
Rights issue in the ra o of 
one Equity Share for every 
one Equity Share held by 
exis ng Shareholders
 17,346,000
 
December 
09, 1999
 
10,653,192
 
10
 
154.27
 
Cash
 
Issued to companies on 
private placement basis
 
27,999,192
 
November 
21, 2002
 
4,382,727
 
10
 
220.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to
 
conversion of unsecured 
FCCBs
 
32,381,919
 
Date of 
allotment
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
Face value per 
Equity Share
( )
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
( )
Nature of 
considera 
on
Nature of allotment Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
March 01, 
2005
 
1,750,000
 
10
 
212.18
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants
 
34,131,919
 
April 27, 
2005
 
8,250
 
10
 
243.35
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,140,169
 April 27, 
2005
 
3,550
 
10
 
252.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,143,719
 August 02, 
2005
 
44,320
 
10
 
243.35
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,188,039
 
August 02, 
2005
 
15,165
 
10
 
252.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,203,204
 
August 02, 
2005
 
180,000
 
10
 
212.18
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants
 
34,383,204
 
August 31, 
2005
 
185,084
 
10
 
243.35
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,568,288
 
`
`
66
===== PAGE 70 =====
 
August 31, 
2005
 115,592
 
10
 
252.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
34,683,880
 
August 31, 
2005
 70,000
 
 10
 
339.41
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants
 34,753,880
 
Septembe
r 21, 2005
 
17,376,940
 
10
 
-
 
Bonus
 
Bonus issue in
 
the 
propor on of one Equity 
Share for every two Equity 
Shares held as on the 
record date being 
September 17, 2005
 
52,130,820
 
 
Date of 
allotment
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
Face value per 
Equity Share
( )
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
( )
Nature of 
considera 
on
Nature of allotment Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
October 
13, 2005
 
105,000
 
10
 
141.46
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrant
 
52,235,820
 
November 
02, 2005
 
8,650,000
 
10
 
195.04
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of GDRs
 
60,885,820
 November 
29, 2005
 
600,000
 
10
 
195.04
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of GDRs
 
61,485,820
 December 
23, 2005
 
19,424
 
10
 
162.24
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
61,505,244
 
December 
23, 2005
 
225
 
10
 
168.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
61,505,469
 
March 01, 
2006
 
184,330
 
10
 
243.80
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of zero coupon 
FCCBs
 
61,689,799
 
March 07, 
2006
 
460,827
 
10
 
243.80
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of zero coupon 
FCCBs
 
62,150,626
 
March 20, 
2006  
1,751,146  10  243.80  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of zero coupon 
FCCBs 
63,901,772 
March 20, 
2006  
50,000  10  226.28  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrant 
63,951,772 
March 31, 
2006  652,531  10  243.80  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of zero coupon 
FCCBs
 
64,604,303 
March 31, 
2006
 6,720
 
10
 
162.24
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
64,611,023
 
March 31, 
2006
 7,159
 
10
 
168.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 64,618,182
 
     
`
`
672023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 71 =====
 
April 18, 
2006
 
414,744 10 243.80 Cash Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of FCCBs
 
65,032,926
April 28, 
2006
 
737,325
 
10
 
243.80
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of FCCBs
 
65,770,251
 
April
 
28,
 
2006
 
2,250
 
10
 
162.24
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,772,501
 
April 28, 
2006
 
1,225
 
10
 
168.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,773,726
 
May 31, 
2006
 
35,000
 
10
 
226.28
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants
 
65,808,726
 
Date of 
allotment
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
Face value per 
Equity Share
( )
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
( )
Nature of 
considera 
on
Nature of allotment Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
May 31, 
2006
 
600
 
10
 
162.24
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,809,326
 May 31, 
2006
 
1,177
 
10
 
168.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,810,503
 
May 31, 
2006
 
1,238
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,811,741
 
October 
19, 2006
 
4,000
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,815,741
 
January 
19, 2007
 
550
 
10
 
168.00
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999 
65,816,291
 
May 03, 
2007  
375  10  162.24  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999 
65,816,666 
May 03, 
2007  
210  10  168.00  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999 
65,816,876 
May 03, 
2007
 5,500  10  200.44  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,822,376 
July 17, 
2007
 5,650
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,828,026
 
October 
18, 2007
 
6,000
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 65,834,026
 
 
     
`
`
68
===== PAGE 72 =====
 
December 
20, 2007
3,000 10 200.44 Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 65,837,026
January 
17, 2008
 
12,750
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,849,776
 
Date of 
allotment
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
Face value per 
Equity Share
( )
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
( )
Nature of 
considera 
on
Nature of allotment Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
January 
17, 2008
 
1,000
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2005
 
65,850,776
 April 26, 
2008
 
7,400
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,858,176
 April 26, 
2008
 
1900
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2005
 
65,860,076
 April 26, 
2008
 
125
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,860,201
 
May 29, 
2008
 
16,150
 
10
 
200.44
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999
 
65,876,351
 
May 29, 
2008
 
200
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant
 
to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2005
 
65,876,551
 
May 29, 
2008
 
25
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999 
65,876,576
 
August 13, 
2008  
381,000  10  202.58  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants 
66,257,576 
August 13, 
2008  
3,000  10  200.44  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
1999 
66,260,576 
August 13, 
2008
 1,000  10  193.25  Cash Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2005
 
66,261,576 
August 29, 
2008
 4,179,000
 
10
 
202.58
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
conversion of warrants
 70,440,576
 
August 29, 
2008
 1,500
 
10
 
193.25
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2005
 70,442,076
 
May 17, 
2012
 
10,000
 
10
 
166.15
 
Cash
 
Allotment pursuant to 
exercise of ESOP Scheme 
2010
 70,452,076
 
 
     
`
`
692023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 73 =====
December 
22, 2014
14,809,801 10 49.79 Cash Allotment to promoters on 
preferen al basis as per 
corporate debt 
restructuring programme 
 
85,261,877
     
**
October 
09, 2015
 
3,702,450 10 49.79 Cash Allotment to promoters on 
preferen al basis as per 
corporate
 
debt 
restructuring
 
programme
 88,964,327
Total:
 
88,964,327
 
Date of 
allotment
Number of 
Equity 
Shares 
allo ed
Face value per 
Equity Share
( )
Issue/Oﬀer 
price per 
Equity Share
( )
Nature of 
considera 
on
Nature of allotment Cumula ve 
number of 
Equity 
Shares
Pursuant to the CIRP proceeding, Resolu on Plan, Supreme Court order dated February 28, 2020, and approval by 
Monitoring Commi ee in their mee ng held on March 30, 2020 and March 31, 2020, our Company throug h its Board 
resolu on dated March 31, 2020, reduced and consolidated its exis ng issued, subscribed and paid -up Equity Share 
capital from ? 889,643,270 consis ng of 88,964,327 Equity Shares to ? 4,081,640 consis ng of 408,164 Equity Shares, 
thereby cancelling and ex nguishing 88,556,163 Equity Shares.
 March 30, 
2020
 
408,164
 
10
 
10
 
Cash
 
Allotment on preferen al 
basis to eligible secured 
ﬁnancial creditors pursuant 
to conversion (part 
conversion and se lement) 
of loan into equity 
816,328
 
March 31, 
2020  
39,990,072  10  10  Cash Allotment to DLL pursuant 
to equity infusion as per 
Resolu on Plan on private 
placement basis 
40,806,400 
March 31, 
2020
 10,000  10  10  Cash Allotment to DLL# (sole 
shareholder of DPPL) 
pursuant to Resolu on Plan
 
40,816,400 
June 27, 
2023
 9,902,705
 
10
 
403.93
 
Cash
 
Allotment to Qualiﬁed 
Ins tu onal Buyers on 
Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal 
Placement basis
 
50,719,105
 
     
Total:
 
50,719,105
 
 
viii)   Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited, 
Address: Abhipra Complex, A-387, 
Dilkhush Industrial Area, GT Karnal Road, 
Azadpur New Delhi-110033 
Email      : rta@abhipra.com
Website : www.abhipra.com
ix)   Share Transfer System
The Company has appointed M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited as the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. The Company's Equity share being in 
compulsory Demat list, are transferable through the depository system. 
`
`
70
===== PAGE 74 =====
In terms of Regula on 40(1) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, as amended from  me to  me, securi es can be transferred only in dematerialized form.
Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider conver ng their holdings to dematerialized form. Further, SEBI vide its 
circulars dated 20th April, 2018 read with circular dated November 03, 2021, November 17, 2023, December 27, 2023, June 10, 2024 and Master 
Circular for RTAs dated May 07, 2024  has mandated to submit the PAN, Choice of  Nomina on,  Contact  Details,  Bank  Account  Details  and  
Specimen  Signature details by all shareholders to the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company. 
In view of the above, SEBI has directed all listed en  es to in mate the physical securi es holders in the listed companies to furnish PAN, 
Nomina on, Contact Details, Bank A/c details and specimen signature for their corresponding folios. The Company have sent no ces to the 
shareholders for submission of their PAN, Nomina on, Contact Details, Bank Account details for registra on / update in the prescribed formats. 
All applicable prescribed forms are available under sec on” Investor Documents” on the Following link:
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_corporategovernance.html
Members are requested to in mate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone/mobile numbers, 
Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates nomina ons, power of a orney, bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc.,: 
a. For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository Par cipants (DPs) 
b. For shares held in physical form: to the Company/Registrar and Transfer Agent in prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms pursuant to SEBI 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024. 
As per the provisions of Sec on 72 of the Act, facility for making nomina on is available for Members in respect of shares held by them. 
Members holding shares in physical form may submit the prescribed Form
SH-13 and any change or varia on in the nomina on in prescribed form SH-14. Form SH-13 and SH-14 may be downloaded from the website of 
the Company i.e.  and h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/InvestorDocuments/Form_No._SH-13.pdf
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/InvestorDocuments/Form_No._SH-14.pdf 
Members holding shares in dematerialized form may submit the prescribed Form in Annexure- A, as speciﬁed in SEBI Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024 and the same may be downloaded from the website of the Company i.e   
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/InvestorDocuments/Annexure 
-A_Nomina on%20Form%20for%20Demat%20Account%20Holders.pdf
In compliance with regula on 40(9) of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Company obtains a cer ﬁcate from a prac cing Company Secretary at 
the end of the ﬁnancial year cer fying that all cer ﬁcates have been issued within thirty days of the date of lodgement for transfer, subdivision, 
consolida on, renewal, exchange or endorsement of calls/allotment monies. A copy of the cer ﬁcate, so received, is submi ed to the stock 
exchange(s). The Company has received no request for transmission of share during the year. The Company is not accep ng any new request for 
eﬀec ng transfer of securi es in physical mode. The transmission or transposi on of securi es held in physical or dematerialised form shall be 
eﬀected only in dematerialised form. Therefore, the shareholders of the Company are requested to get their physical shares dematerialised for 
any further transfers. 
x)   Distribu on of Shareholding as on March 31, 2024
S.
 
No.
 
No. of equity shares
 
No. of 
shareholders*
 
% of 
Shareholders
 
No. of shares
 
% of 
Shareholding
 1
 
Upto 100
 
33163
 
88.553
 
472012
 
0.931
 2
 
101 –
 
500
 
3008
 
8.032
 
717028
 
1.414
 3
 
501 –
 
1000
 
639
 
1.706
 
483032
 
0.952
 4  1001 –  2000  273  0.729 399960 0.789 
5  2001 –  5000  193  0.515 621425 1.225 
6  5001 –  10000  64  0.171 461181 0.909 
7  10001 –  20000  43  0.115 639897 1.262 
8  20001 –  30000  23  0.061 606336 1.195 
9  30001 –  40000  7  0.019 244642 0.482 
10
 
40001 –
 
50000
 
3
 
0.008
 
140400
 
0.277
 
11
 
50001 -
 
100000
 
9
 
0.024
 
674706
 
1.330
 
12
 
100001 -
 
500000
 
18
 
0.048
 
3838625
 
7.568
 
13
 
Above 500000
 
7
 
0.019
 
41419861
 
81.665
  
Total
 
37,450
 
100.00
 
50719105
 
100.00
 
 
*No. of Shareholders are categorised based on the Folio.
712023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 75 =====
xi)   Dematerializa on of Shares and Liquidity
The Company's Equity Shares are in compulsory demat segment and are available for trading under dematerialized form with both Na onal 
Securi es Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL). As on March 31, 2024, 5,07,15,590 Equity Shares of 
the Company, forming 99.99% of the total issued and paid up Equity Share Capital of the Company, were in dematerialized form with 
4,04,62,226 at CDSL and 1,02,53,364 at NSDL. All the requests for nomina on, change of address, change of Bank mandate/ Bank par culars 
and dematerializa on of Shares etc. are to be made only to the Depository Par cipant with whom the Shareholders have opened their Demat 
Account. 
xii)   Reconcilia on of Share Capital Audit
A Qualiﬁed Prac cing Company Secretary Carries out reconcilia on of share capital audit every quarter to reconcile the total admi ed capital 
with Na onal Securi es Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed capital. 
The audit conﬁrms that the total issued/paid up capital is in agreement with the aggregate total number of shares in physical form and the total 
number of dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL.
xiii)   Shareholding Pa ern as on March 31, 2024
 
Category
 
No. of Shares held
 
% of Shareholding
 
A
 
PROMOTER HOLDING
   
 
Promoters/Promoter Group
   
 
(a)Indian 3,54,19,957
 
69.84
 
 
(b)Foreign -
 
-
 
  
 Sub -Total (1)
 
3,54,19,957
 
69.84
 B
 
 
NON- PROMOTER HOLDING
   B1
 
Ins tu onal Investors
   
 
(a) Mutual Funds 76,97,322
 
15.18
  (b)Banks, Financial Ins tu ons, Insurance 
 Companies (Central/ State Govt. Ins tu ons/Non -
government Ins tu ons) and Limited Liability 
Partnerships
12,95,907
 
2.55
 
 
 
(c)Foreign Por olio Investors  994085 1.96 
 Sub -Total  (2) 9987314 19.69 
3  OTHER INVESTORS   
 (a) Corporate Bodies  929870 1.83 
 (b) Indian Public (Resident Individuals) 3773735 7.44 
 
Bodies
(c ) Non Resident Indians / Overseas Corporate  188659
 
0.37
 
  
68
 
0
 
 
(e)IEPF
(d) Foreign Companies 
567
 
0
 
 
(f) Trusts
 
271474
 
0.54
 
 
(g) HUF
 
146915
 
0.29
 
 
(h) Stock Broker Margin Funding AC
 
69
 
0
 
  
477
 
0
 
  
0
 
0
 
 
Sub -Total(3)
(i) Clearing Members   
5311834
 
10.47
 
 
GRAND TOTAL(1+2+3)
(j) Overseas depository/GDR /Others   
50719105
 
100.00
 
 
72
===== PAGE 76 =====
Shareholding Pa ern as on March 31, 2024
18.56
7.44
1.83
2.33
69.84
Promoter  Holding FPI/NRI Corporate Bodies Residen al Individual Other
xiv)   Unclaimed Dividends & transfer of shares
The Company has not declared any dividend a er the ﬁnancial year 2011-12 and hence transfer of unclaimed dividend amount to IEPF does not 
arise during the ﬁnancial year 2023-24. During the Financial year 2023-2024, the Company has transferred Nil equity shares to the Investor 
Educa on and Protec on Fund Authority pursuant to Sec on 124(6) read with 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies Investor 
Educa on and Protec on Fund Authority (Accoun ng, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (amended from  me to  me). Further, the 
Company has uploaded the details of the same on its website for the informa on of the shareholders.
The Shareholders can get back the unpaid dividend/claim the shares from the Investor Educa on and Protec on Fund Authority by making an 
applica on online in Form IEPF-5 available on the website along with the requisite documents. Upon http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/corporates.html 
ﬁling the said e-form the shareholder shall write to the Company/ Registrar for comple ng the other procedural formali es in this regard.
xv)   Outstanding Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) / American Depository Receipts (ADRs) / Warrants or any other Conver ble 
instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity
The Company has no outstanding ADR/GDR as on March 31, 2024. 
As per the approved Resolu on plan, your Company has issued 14,300 Zero Coupon, unsecured, Op onally Conver ble Non-marketable 
Debentures of Rs.1,00,000/- aggrega ng to Rs.143 Crores to M/s. Dhanuka Laboratories Limited. The tenor of the OCDs shall be Ten (10) years or 
such further period as may be mutually discussed between the Company and OCDs holder. In case, the OCD holders exercise their op on to 
convert the same, then the said conversion shall happen only on the basis of face value of each of the OCD and no interest shall be payable to the 
OCD holders. However, if the OCD holders opt not to exercise their op on for conversion, then the OCD holders shall be en tled to redemp on 
premium of at least 11 % IRR on annual basis on the amount of the said OCDs or such higher amount as the Board decides a er considering the 
market price of shares of the Company and the achievement of EBIDTA; However in any case, redemp on premium shall not exceed beyond 18% 
IRR on an annual basis. The said OCD,  ll the  me it is not converted into equity shares, shall not be listed on any stock exchange in India and are 
permi ed to be transferred only with the permission of the Board of Directors of the Company. Further, there shall be no redemp on of OCDs, 
including payment of interest/ other kind of return of what so ever nature thereon, un l en re outstanding of the loan availed from Union Bank 
of India is paid in full to the lender. The OCD holder, any  me during the tenor shall have the right to convert whole or any part of OCDs into equity 
shares of Rupees 10/- each at par of Company (“OCD Conversion shares”) and accordingly, each OCD of Rupees One Lakh will be converted into 
10,000 equity shares having face value of Rs.10 each (“OCD Conversion ra o”). 
xvi)   Disclosures with respect to Equity Shares in the Suspense Account
There are no outstanding shares lying in the suspense account as on March 31, 2024. Addi onally, the Company is not required to transfer any 
share to Suspense Account.
732023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 77 =====
xvii)   Plant Loca ons:
a) Ac ve Pharmaceu cal Ingredient Facili es & R&D Block Alathur Works
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial, Alathur, Chengalpa u-603110, Tamil Nadu, India.
b) Formula ons (Finished Dosage Form) Facili es
I)  A10  & A11, SIDCO Industrial Estate Alathur, Thiruporur Taluk, Chengalpa u District, PIN - 603 110, Tamil Nadu, India
II)  Plot No. 62 & 77, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Thiruporur Taluk, Chengalpa u District, PIN 603 110, Tamil Nadu, India
c)   Addi onal places of Business
 i)   Plot Nos. A10 and A11, Orchid Healthcare - A Division of Orchid Pharma Limited, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u, Tamil Nadu, 
603110
ii)   B77, Orchid Healthcare - A Division of Orchid Pharma Limited, Sidco Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u, Tamil Nadu, 603110
iii)  85-87,98-100,126-131,138-151,159-164, Orchid Pharma Limited, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u, Tamil Nadu, 603110
iv)
th
 15  Floor, Tower-1, DLF Corporate Greens, Sector-74A, Gurugram, Haryana-122004
v)  Village A a, Sohna Road Mandkola, The Nuh, Sohna Industrial Area, Haryana-122103
xviii)  Credit Ra ng and Change /Revision in Credit Ra ng of the Company during the Financial Year 2023-24
During the Financial Year 2023-2024, CARE (CARE Ra ngs Ltd) had revised/assigned the Credit Ra ng of the following instruments:
 
Ra ng 
Agency
 
Revision 
Period
 
Instrument Type
 
Amount
 
(Rs. In Crores)
 
Revised 
ra ng/outlook/Ass
igned
 
Ra ng ac on
 
CARE 
Ra ngs 
Limited
 
Nov, 2023
 
Long term bank 
facili es
 
70 .00
 
CARE A-
 
; Stable
 
Assigned
 
Long term bank 
facili es
 
65.00 (Reduced 
from
 
75 .00 )
 
CARE A-
 
; Stable
 
Revised from 
CARE BBB; 
Stable
 
Long Term/ Short 
Term bank facili es
 
75 .00
 
CARE A - ; Stable / 
CARE A2
 
Revised
 
from 
CARE BBB; 
Stable / CARE 
A3+
 
Short
 
term bank 
facili es
 
84.00 (Reduced 
from 99.00)
 
CARE A2
 
Revised 
 
from 
CARE A3+
 
Long Term bank 
facili es
 
-
 
-
 
Withdrawn
 
Dec, 2023
 
Long Term Bank 
Facili es
 
135.00
 
CARE A -
 
(RWD)
 
Placed on
 
Ra ng Watch 
with 
Developing 
Implica ons
 
Long Term/ Short 
Term Bank Facili es
 
75.00
 
CARE A - / CARE A2 
(RWD)
 
Placed on 
Ra ng Watch 
with 
Developing 
Implica ons
Short Term Bank 
Facili es
84.00 CARE A2 (RWD) Placed on 
Ra ng Watch 
with 
Developing 
I mplica ons
74
===== PAGE 78 =====
INVESTOR CONTACTS
 i)   Address for Correspondence with the Company
 
Details of Compliance Oﬃcer
Mr. Kapil Dayya
Company Secretary
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138- 151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u
Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India 
E-mail: cs@orchidpharma.com
Website: www.orchidpharma.com
ii)   For Securi es held in Physical form
M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited, 
Address: Abhipra Complex, A-387, 
Dilkhush Industrial Area, GT Karnal Road, 
Azadpur New Delhi-110033 
Email: rta@abhipra.com
Website: www.abhipra.com
iii)   For Securi es held in Demat form
 
To the Investors' Depository Par cipant (s) and/or M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited
OTHER DISCLOSURES
 i)   Materially Signiﬁcant Related Party Transac on
Transac ons with the Related Par es has been disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements for F.Y. 2023-24, also the Company has 
submi ed a report on all related party transac ons entered into by the Company on consolidated basis on half yearly periodicity as per the 
format prescribed in the relevant accoun ng standards to NSE and BSE within prescribed  meline of publica on of the standalone and 
consolidated Financial Results. 
The Company has not entered into any materially signiﬁcant related party transac on that may have poten al conﬂict with the interests of the 
Company at large. The Board of Directors have approved and adopted a “Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transac ons (RPT) and dealing 
with RPT” and the same has been uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/RPT.pdf
All the contract/arrangements/transac ons entered into with Related Par es as per the Act and Regula on 23 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons 
during the Financial Year 2023-24 were in ordinary course of business and on an arm's length basis and do not a ract provisions of Sec on 188 of 
the Act. The required statements / disclosures with respect to the related party transac ons are placed before the Audit Commi ee on regular 
basis. 
Further, the details of material transac ons with the related par es at arm's length basis during the year is disclosed in Form – AOC – 2 annexed 
to the Board' Report of this Annual Report.
Details of non-compliance by the listed en ty, penal es, strictures imposed on the listed en ty by stock exchange(s) or the board or any 
statutory authority, on any ma er related to capital markets, during the last three years; 
I.   During the Financial year 2019-2020, there was a delay in compliance with Regula on 6(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regula ons, 2015 as the 
Company was unable to appoint the Company Secretary within the s pulated  melines and hence a ﬁne of Rs.75, 520/- by the NSE Limited 
and Rs.75,520/- by BSE Limited in this regard was imposed during the ﬁnancial year 2020-2021. The above ﬁnes have been remi ed by the 
Company to the Stock exchanges. The Company had made necessary representa ons to NSE and BSE for the waiver imposed and during the 
year under review, BSE Limited has waived oﬀ the ﬁne imposed towards non- compliance with Regula on 6(1) of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regula ons, 2015;
II.   Pursuant to implementa on of the Resolu on Plan approved by Hon'ble Na onal Company Law Tribunal under sec on 31 of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016), the Company was required to bring the public shareholding to twenty-ﬁve per cent 
within a maximum period of three years from the date of such fall, in the manner speciﬁed by the Securi es and Exchange Board of India. 
752023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 79 =====
In an eﬀort to maintain minimum public shareholding at 25%, the Company made an oﬀer for sale, in which the promoter of the Company, i.e., 
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited, sold 32,80,115 equity shares, represen ng 8.04% of equity shareholding in the Company in the year 2021. A er 
the oﬀer for sale, the promoter of the Company held 90% of the equity shares, bringing the public shareholding to 10% within 18 months from 
the date of acquiring the Company. 
Further, the Company ini ated the process of raising capital by qualiﬁed ins tu onal placement to meet the condi on of Minimum Public 
Shareholding of 25% by issuing addi onal shares though QIP. However due to poor market condi ons the same could not be achieved as on 
March 31, 2023.
In view of the above, the Company had submi ed applica on to SEBI and Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (collec vely 
herein referred as Stock Exchanges) under Regula on 102 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons along with applicable fee and requested for extending 
the  meline by one year to meet the MPS requirement. However, Stock Exchanges vide its le ers dated April 20, 2023 ini ated the ac on to 
freeze the shareholding of Promoters as SEBI Circular No. CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2017/115 dated October 10, 2017, for non-compliance in mee ng 
the minimum public shareholding requirement laid under Regula on 38 of SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 
2015 and further directed the Promoters, Promoter Group and Directors of the Company not to hold any new posi on as director in any other 
listed en ty  ll the date of compliance.
As per the aforesaid SEBI Circular, the Stock Exchanges levied penalty of Rs. 5,000/- plus GST on the Company for period ended March 31, 2023. 
Further, the Stock Exchanges vide their le er dated July 06, 2023, has levied penalty of Rs. 5,19,200/- towards non-compliance for a period 
commencing from April 01, 2023  ll June 26, 2023. The Company paid the same.
 
However, the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on June 27, 2023, approved the allotment of 99,02,705 Equity Shares on Qualiﬁed 
Ins tu onal Placement basis in accordance to the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirement) Regula ons read with applicable 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013. Pursuant to the aforemen oned allotment of Equity Shares, the paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
stands increased from ₹ 408,164,000 comprising of 40,816,400 Equity Shares to ₹ 50,71,91,050 comprising of 5,07,19,105 Equity Shares. 
Consequently, the Promoter Shareholding in the Company stands decreased from 89.96% to 72. 40% whereas the Public shareholding 
increased from 10.04% to 27. 60% w.e.f. June 27, 2023.
The Company is in compliance with the requirement of Minimum Public Shareholding as per Regula on 38 of SEBI LODR Regula ons read with 
Rule 19A (5) of SCRA Rules w.e.f. June 27, 2023.
ii)   Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy
The Company promotes ethical behaviour in all its business ac vi es and has put in place a mechanism in the form of Whistle Blower Policy 
(“Policy or Mechanism”) for directors and employees of the Company to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud 
or viola on of the Company's code of conduct or ethics policy and any leak/suspected leak of Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on. The 
Policy is applicable to all the Directors of the Company, permanent & contractual employees of the Company based in India or outside, 
employees of other agencies deployed for the company, contractors, vendors, suppliers or agencies (or any of their employees), customers of 
the Company and any other person having an associa on with the Company. The Policy also provides for adequate safeguards against 
vic miza on of director(s) / employee(s) who avail the Policy and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Commi ee. No 
person has been denied access to the Audit Commi ee.
The Whistle blower Policy adopted by the Company may be accessed at
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Policy%20on%20%20Whistle%20Blower.pdf
iii)   Commodity price risk, Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Ac vi es
A signiﬁcant part of the Orchid's revenue, costs, assets and liabili es are denominated in foreign currencies. Further, the Company does not have 
any signiﬁcant exposure in commodi es directly and does not carry out any commodity hedging ac vi es. However, Unhedged trade and 
ﬁnancial exposure thus creates poten al to adversely impact its opera ons and overall proﬁtability.
iv)   Dividend Distribu on Policy:
The Company has adopted a Dividend Distribu on (Policy) which deﬁnes the ﬁnancial parameters and factors, be considered for declara on and 
payment of dividend to its shareholders. The declara on and distribu on of dividends, whether interim or ﬁnal, will at all  mes, be in 
accordance with the Act and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, such other applicable laws and Ar cle of Associa on of the Company as amended.
76
===== PAGE 80 =====
The Dividend Distribu on Policy of the Company is posted on the website of the Company i.e.
 There has been no change in the said Policy during the Financial http://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Dividend%20Distribution%20policy.pdf. 
Year ended March 31, 2024.
v)   Details of u liza on of funds raised through preferen al allotment or qualiﬁed ins tu ons placement as speciﬁed under Regula on 32 
(7A) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons
Pursuant to Sec ons 23, 42, 62 of the Companies Act, 2013, the rules framed thereunder and all relevant provisions of the Memorandum and 
Ar cles of Associa on, SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2018 read with SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, as amended, 
the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on December 01, 2022 approved to raise funds through issuance of Equity Shares of the Company for a 
Face Value of Rs. 10/-  each, in one or more tranches, in such form and manner and upon such terms and condi ons as the Board may in its 
absolute discre on deem appropriate, on Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement (QIP) basis, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 500 Cr. 
(Rupees Five Hundred Crores only) to eligible Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Buyers.
In the ma er, the shareholders passed a special resolu on at the extra-ordinary general mee ng of the Company held on December 29, 2022 
and approved the QIP process. The Company launched Preliminary Placement Document and Placement Document on June 22, 2023 and June 
27, 2023 respec vely.
The Company obtained In-Principle approval on June 22, 2023 and consequently, the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on June 27, 2023, 
approved the allotment of 99,02,705 Equity Shares on Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement basis in accordance to the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regula ons read with applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013. Pursuant to the aforemen oned allotment of 
Equity Shares, the paid-up equity share capital of the Company stands increased from ₹ 408,164,000 comprising of 40,816,400 Equity Shares to 
₹50,71,91,050 comprising of 5,07,19,105 Equity Shares.
Further, the Company obtained Lis ng and trading approval on the aforesaid allotment of equity shares on June 30, 2023.
The informa on w.r.t the u lisa on of funds raised through QIP, in accordance with Regula on 32(7A) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, as cer ﬁed by 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company, forms part of the Audited Financial Results declared by the Company for the period ended on March 31, 
2024 of F.Y. 2023-24 and same has been submi ed to the Stock Exchanges with availability on the website of the Company at below link:
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_ﬁnancial.html  
vi)   Cer ﬁcate from Company Secretary in Prac ce for Non-disqualiﬁca on of Directors
A cer ﬁcate as required under the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, conﬁrming that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company has been 
debarred or disqualiﬁed from being appointed or con nuing as director of companies by the SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such 
statutory authority, issued by Company Secretary in Prac ce forms part of this Annual Report.
vii)   If the Board has not accepted any recommenda on of any Commi ee of the Board which is mandatorily required, in the relevant 
ﬁnancial year, disclosure thereof
There were no instances where the Board had not accepted any recommenda on of any commi ees during the ﬁnancial year.
viii)   Total Fees for all Services paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries on consolidated basis to Statutory Auditors and all en  es in the 
Network Firm/Network En ty of which the Statutory Auditor is a part
During the year under review, the total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on consolidated basis, to the Statutory 
Auditors are as follows:
  
 
 
As Auditor:
   
Par culars For the Year ended 
March 31, 2024 For the Year ended 
Audit Fees
 
14.50
 
16.50
 For issuing limited review reports
 
7.50
 
7.50
 
Tax Audit Fees  2.00 2.00 
In other Capacity:    
772023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 81 =====
Fees For Other Services
 
(Primarily include certiﬁcation services)
 8.00
 
9.25
 
For Reimbursement of Expenses/Out of 
pocket expenses
 
-
 
-
 
Total
 
32.00
 
35.25
 
Par culars For the Year ended 
March 31, 2024 For the Year ended 
Note: Payment towards the cer ﬁca on services of QIP of Rs. 23.50 lacs was not included above and deducted from the share premium account.
Further, other than stated above, no payment of fees for any service has been paid to the Statutory Auditors or en  es in the Network 
Firm/Network En ty of which the Statutory Auditor is a part. 
ix)   Disclosure under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Preven on, Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 2013
In accordance with the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Preven on, Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 2013 and 
Rules made thereunder, no complaints were ﬁled with the Internal Compliant Commi ee of the Company during the F.Y. 2023-24 and also nil 
complaints were pending for resolving at the beginning of the period. Therefore, no disposal of complaints were required and nothing is pending 
as unresolved at the end of the F.Y. 2023-24
x)   Disclosure by Listed En ty and its subsidiaries of “Loan and advances” in the nature of Loans to Firms/ Companies in which Directors are 
interested
During the period under review, the Company had given no loans and advances to ﬁrms/companies in which the Directors of the Company are 
interested except to Orchid Bio Pharma Limited, its wholly owned subsidiary. The details w.r.t the Loans/Advances given to the Orchid Bio-
Pharma Limited is available at Note 15 of the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the F.Y. 2023-24. 
Also, Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company), has given loan/s of Rs. 8,65 Lakhs to Company (Orchid 
Pharma Limited) and same had been re-paid prior to the closure of this ﬁnancial year.
xi)   Details of Compliance with Mandatory Requirements 
The Company has complied with the mandatory requirements of Corporate Governance as require under SEBI Lis ng Regula ons for the 
ﬁnancial year 2023-2024 and the same has been cer ﬁed by the Prac cing Company Secretary vide his cer ﬁcate forming part of this Annual 
Report.
xii)   Details of Adop on of Non-Mandatory requirements
The Company has adopted the non-mandatory requirements of Regula on 27 read with Part E of Schedule II of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons 
in following manner.
a)   The Board
The Oﬃce of Non-Execu ve Chairman is maintained by the Company at its expenses and all the expenses incurred in performance of his 
du es are reimbursed by the Company.
b)   Shareholder Rights
The quarterly results of the company are published in one English and one Vernacular newspaper having wide circula on in Tamil Nadu, 
normally Financial Express and Makkal Kural. Further, the quarterly results are also posted on the website of the Company at 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_ﬁnancial.html and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges with which the Company is listed.
In view of the foregoing, the quarterly/half-yearly results of the company were not sent to the shareholders individually. The complete copy 
of the Annual Report is sent to the shareholders of the Company. Further, the Company also publish the other important 
no ces/informa on in English newspaper (Financial Express) and a Tamil newspaper (Makkal Kural), besides uploading the same on the 
website of the Company.
78
===== PAGE 82 =====
c)   Modiﬁed Opinion(s) in Audit Report
 
The Company believes in maintaining its accounts in a transparent manner and aims at receiving unqualiﬁed report of auditors on the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company. The modiﬁed opinion may be referred to in Independent Auditors' Report on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the ﬁnancial Year 2023-2024 due to certain uncontrollable reasons and the Statement of Impact of Audit Qualiﬁca on forms the 
part of Financial Statements annexed to this Annual Report.
d)   Repor ng of Internal Auditor
The internal auditors of the Company make presenta ons on quarterly basis directly to the Audit Commi ee.
xiii)   Disclosure of Compliance on Requirements of para (2) to (10) of Schedule V, Part C of Lis ng Regula ons, 2015
The Company has complied with the mandatory requirements as speciﬁed in sub-para (2) to (10) of schedule V, Part C of Lis ng Regula ons, 
2015.
xiv)   Disclosure of compliance with Corporate Governance requirements speciﬁed in regula on 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-
regula on (2) of regula on 46 of Lis ng Regula ons, 2015
The Company has complied with the Corporate governance requirement as speciﬁed in regula on 17 to 27. Further, the disclosures w.r.t to 
clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regula on (2) of regula on 46 of Lis ng Regula ons, 2015 has been duly complied as given hereunder:
 
  
PARTICULARS
 
COMPLIANCE STATUS
 
(Yes/No/NA)
 
Details of business
 
Yes
 
Terms and condi ons of appointment of independent directors
 
Yes
 
Composi on of various commi ees of board of directors
 
Yes
 
Code of conduct of Board of directors and Senior management personnel
 
Yes
 
Details of establishment of vigil mechanism/Whistle - Blower policy
 
Yes
 
Criteria of making payments to Non - Execu ve Directors
 
Yes
 
Policy on dealing with related party transac ons
 
Yes
 
Policy for determining 'material' subsidiaries
 
Yes
 
Details of familiariza on programmes imparted to independent directors
 
Yes
 
Contact informa on of the designated oﬃcials of the listed en ty who are 
responsible for assis ng and handling investor grievances
 
Yes
 E-mail address for grievance Redressal and other relevant details
 
Yes
 
Financial results
 
Yes
 
Shareholding pa ern
 
Yes
 
Details of agreements entered into with the media companies and/or their 
associates
 
NA
 New name and the old name of the listed en ty
 
NA
 
Schedule of analyst or ins tu onal investor meet and presenta ons made
 
by the listed en ty to analysts or ins tu onal investors simultaneously with 
submission to stock exchange
 
Yes
 
Adver sements as per regula on 47 (1)
 
Yes
 Credit ra ng or revision in credit ra ng obtained by the en ty for all its outstanding 
instruments
 
Yes
 Separate audited ﬁnancial statements of each subsidiary of the listed
 en ty in respect of a relevant ﬁnancial year
 
Yes
 Whether company has
 
provided informa on under separate sec on on its website 
as per Regula on 46(2)
 
Yes
 Materiality Policy as per Regula on 30
 
Yes
 Dividend Distribu on policy as per Regula on 43A Yes
792023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 83 =====
xv)   Management Discussion and Analysis Report
The Management Discussion and Analysis report forms part of the Annual Report.
xvi)   Cer ﬁcate on Corporate Governance
As required by Regula on 34(3), Schedule V (E) of SEBI (    Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 a cer ﬁcate from a 
Prac cing Company Secretary regarding compliances of condi ons of Corporate Governance is annexed to this Report.
xvii)   CEO/ CFO Cer ﬁca on
The cer ﬁcate duly signed by the Managing Director and Chief Financial Oﬃcer conﬁrming compliance of the Company pursuant to Regula on 
17 (8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons was placed before the Board and taken note at its mee ng and the same is 
annexed to this Report.
xviii)   Code of Conduct
In compliance with Regula on 17 of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, the Board of Directors has laid down a Code of Conduct (“the Code”) for Board 
members and Senior Management Personnel of your Company. Independent Directors shall also ensure compliance with Code for Independent 
Directors formulated in accordance with Schedule IV of the Act and the Lis ng Regula ons.
The Code is posted on your Company's website
 http://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/codeofconduct/Code%20of%20Conduct%20for%20Board%20of%20Directors%20and%20Senior%20Mana
gement%20.pdf
An annual declara on aﬃrming compliance with the Code of Conduct is obtained from every person covered by the Code of Conduct. A 
declara on signed by the Managing Director is a ached and forms part of this Report.
xix)   Disclosure of Certain Types of Agreements Binding Listed En  es
Except the agreements entered in the normal course of business, Orchid has not entered into as a party to any agreement/s and is not aware 
about the existence of any agreements which have been entered into by the shareholders, promoters, promoter group en  es, related par es, 
directors, key managerial personnel, employees of the Company or of its holding, subsidiary or associate company, among themselves or with a 
third party, solely or jointly, which, either directly or indirectly or poten ally or whose purpose and eﬀect is to, impact the management or 
control of the Company or impose any restric on or create any liability upon the Company.
xx)   Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on and Preven on of Insider Trading
The Company has adopted the Code of Prac ces and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on (“Fair Disclosure 
Code”) and Code of Conduct for Preven on of Insider Trading (“Insider Code”) with a view to deal with Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on 
and trading in securi es by Directors, Employees of the Company / Designated Persons and Connected Persons. The Company Secretary is 
Compliance Oﬃcer for the purpose of Insider Code. Both the Fair Prac ce Code and Insider Code have been posted on the website of the 
Company on the following links . h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_corporategovernance.html
The Company has implemented an applica on for monitoring the Insider Trading and to track the ﬂow of informa on regarding the 
Unpublished Price Sensi ve Informa on, wherever required, in accordance with the SEBI (Prohibi on of Insider Trading) Regula ons, 2015, 
as amended.
80
===== PAGE 84 =====
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regula on 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and
Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015)
To,
The Members
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED
CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164
SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u 
Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Orchid Pharma Limited having 
CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994 and having registered oﬃce at 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, 
Chengalpa u, Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India (hereina er referred to as 'the Company'), produced before me/us by the Company for the 
purpose of issuing this Cer ﬁcate, in accordance with Regula on 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securi es Exchange 
Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015. 
It is the responsibility of Directors to submit relevant documents with complete and accurate informa on in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
Ensuring the eligibility for appointment/con nuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our veriﬁca on.
Based on our examina on as aforesaid and such other veriﬁca ons carried out by us as deemed necessary and adequate (including Directors 
Iden ﬁca on Number (DIN) status at the portal (  ) In our opinion and to the h ps://www.mca.gov.in/content/mca/global/en/home.html
best of our informa on and knowledge and according to the explana ons provided by the Company, its oﬃcers and authorised representa ves, 
we hereby cer fy that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company, as listed hereunder for the ﬁnancial year ended March, 2024, have 
been debarred or disqualiﬁed from being appointed or con nuing as Directors of Companies by Securi es and Exchange Board of India/Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory authority.
Sr. No.
 
Name of Director
 
Director Iden ﬁca on 
Number (DIN)
 
Date of
 
Appointment in 
Company *
 
1.
 
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal
 
00627386
 
March 31, 2020
 
2.
 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka
 
00238798
 
March 31, 2020
 
3.  Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  00199441
 
March 31, 2020 
4.  Mr. Arjun Dhanuka  00454689 October 20, 2023 
5.
 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Goyal
 
06361663
 
June 29, 2020
 
6.
 
Mr. Mudit Tandon
 
06417169
 
June 29, 2020
 
7.
 
Dr. Dharam Vir
 
08771224
 
June 29, 2020
 
8.
 
Ms. Tanu Singla
 
08774132
 
June 29, 2020
 
 
812023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 85 =====
*The date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal.
This cer ﬁcate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the eﬃciency or eﬀec veness with which the 
management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
This Cer ﬁcate has been issued at the request of the Company to make disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report of the ﬁnancial year 
ended March 31, 2024.
For Brajesh Kumar & Associates
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
Brajesh Kumar
M. No. F6965 | CP: 7497
Peer Review no. 5461/2024
ICSI UIN: S2007DE093900
UDIN:F006965F000733438
Place: New Delhi
Date: July 13, 2024
82
===== PAGE 86 =====
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CERTIFICATE
Cer ﬁcate on Compliance with the condi ons of Corporate Governance as s pulated under Chapter IV of Securi es and Exchange Board of 
India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, (as amended)
To 
The Members
Orchid Pharma Limited
CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151,
159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur
Chengalpa u Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India
This cer ﬁcate is being issued to  (“the Company”), on compliance with the condi ons of Corporate Governance as Orchid Pharma Limited
s pulated in regula ons 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of regula on 46(2), and para C, D, and E of Schedule V of Securi es and Exchange Board 
of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as amended (collec vely referred to as 'SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, 
2015') ('applicable criteria') with respect to Corporate Governance for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2024. 
Management Responsibility:
Compliance with the condi ons of Corporate Governance as s pulated under Chapter IV of Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Lis ng 
Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, (as amended) is the responsibility of the Management along with the Board of 
Directors of the Company.
Our Responsibility:
Our examina on was limited to procedures and implementa on thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the condi ons 
of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Company.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Lis ng Regula ons, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company has 
complied with the condi ons of Corporate Governance as s pulated in Lis ng Regula ons for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2024.
Opinion:
In our opinion and to the best of our informa on and according to the explana ons given to us, and the representa ons made by the 
Management along with the Board of Directors of the Company, we are of the opinion that the Company has complied with the condi ons 
of Corporate Governance as s pulated in the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, as applicable on the Company for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 
2024.
Other Ma ers and Restric ons on use:
This report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the eﬃciency or eﬀec veness with which the management has 
conducted the aﬀairs of the Company. 
For Brajesh Kumar & Associates
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
Brajesh Kumar
M. No. F6965 | CP: 7497
Peer Review no. 5461/2024
ICSI UIN: S2007DE093900
UDIN: F006965F000733493
Place: New Delhi
Date: July 13, 2024
832023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 87 =====
MD / CFO CERTIFICATION
{Under Regula on 17(8) of SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula on 2015}
We the undersigned, in our respec ve capaci es as Managing Director and Chief Financial Oﬃcer of Orchid Pharma Limited (“the Company”) 
cer fy that:
(a) We have reviewed the audited ﬁnancial statements for period ended March 31, 2024 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:
(I)   These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any  material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
(ii)  These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company's aﬀairs and are in compliance with exis ng accoun ng standards, 
applicable laws and regula ons.
(b)  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transac ons entered into by the company during the period ended March 31, 2024, 
which are fraudulent, illegal or viola ve of the company's Code of conduct.
(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for ﬁnancial repor ng and that we have evaluated the 
eﬀec veness of the internal control systems of the company pertaining to ﬁnancial repor ng and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the 
Audit Commi ee deﬁciencies in the design or opera on of internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or 
proposed to take to rec fy these deﬁciencies.
(d)   We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit commi ee:
(1)   That there are no signiﬁcant changes in internal control over ﬁnancial repor ng during the period ended March 31, 2024; 
(2)   That there are no signiﬁcant changes in accoun ng policies during the period ended March 31, 2024 and that the same have been disclosed 
in the notes to the ﬁnancial statements; and 
(3)  That there are no instances of signiﬁcant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or 
an employee having a signiﬁcant role in the Company's internal control system over ﬁnancial repor ng. 
    Sd/-    Sd/-
Place: Gurugram                 Manish Dhanuka                  Sunil Kumar Gupta
Date: May 23, 2024                Managing Director  Chief Financial Oﬃcer                          
                                                               DIN: 00238798 
84
===== PAGE 88 =====
CODE OF CONDUCT CERTIFICATION
This is to cer fy that Orchid Pharma Limited (“Company”) has laid down a Code of Conduct (“Code”) for all Board Members and Senior 
Management Personnel of Company and a copy of the Code is also uploaded on the website of the Company viz.  .www.orchidpharma.com
It is further cer ﬁed that that all Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have aﬃrmed their compliance with the Code for 
the year ended March 31, 2024, as envisaged in Regula on 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 
          Sd/-
                         Manish Dhanuka
Place: Gurugram                                       Managing Director
Date: May 23, 2024                       DIN : 00238798
852023-24
Annual Report
2023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 89 =====
Annexure - II 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
 I. Details of the Listed En ty
 S. 
No.
 
Required Informa on
 1
 
Corporate Iden ty Number (CIN) of the 
Listed En ty
 
L24222TN1992PLC022994
 2
 
Name of the Listed En ty
 
M/s Orchid Pharma Limited
 3
 
Year of incorpora on
 
01-07-1992
 4
 Registered oﬃce address
 
Plot
 
No.
 
121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial 
Estate, Alathur, Chengalpa u, Alathur Industrial Estate, 
Kanchipuram, Chengalpa u, Tamil Nadu –
 
603110
 5  Corporate address  -  6  E-mail  cs@orchidpharma.com
 
7  Telephone  (91)-44- 2744 4471 8  Website  www.orchidpharma.com
 
9  Financial year for which repor ng is being 
done  31st March, 2024 
10  Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where 
shares are listed  
1. BSE Limited (BSE) 
2. The Na onal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) 
11  Paid-up Capital  Rs. 50,71,91,050 
12  Name and contact details (telephone, 
email address) of the person who may be 
contacted in case of any  queries on the 
BRSR report  
Mr. Kapil Dayya, Company Secretary & Compliance oﬃcer, 
cs@orchidpharma.com, (91)-44- 2744 4471 
13  Repor ng boundary -  Are the disclosures 
under this report made on a standalone 
basis (i.e. only for the en ty) or on a 
consolidated basis (i.e. for the en ty and 
all the en  es which form a part of its 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements, taken 
together).  
The report is prepared on the standalone basis 
14  
Name of assurance Provider   Not Applicable 
15
 
Type of assurance obtained
  
Not Applicable
 
II. Products/Services
 
16
 
Details of business ac vi es (accoun ng for 90% of the turnover)
 
S. No.
 
Descrip on of Main Ac vity
 
Descrip on of Business Ac vity
 
% of Turnover of the en ty
 
1
 
Manufacturing
 
Integrated API manufacturing with 
wide por olio of cephalosporin 
(Both sterile and oral)
 99.48%
 
17
 
Products/Services sold by the en ty (accoun ng for 90% of the en ty’s Turnover):
 
S. No.
 
Product/Service
 
NIC Code
 
% of total Turnover 
contributed
 
1
 
Pharmaceu cal products
 
21001
 
99.48%
 
 
86
===== PAGE 90 =====
III. Opera ons
 18
 
Number of loca ons where plants and/or opera ons/oﬃces of the en ty are situated:
 Loca on
 
Number of Plants
 
Number of oﬃces
 
Total
 Na onal
 
3
 
2
 
5
 Interna onal
 
0
 
0
 
0
 19
 
Markets Served by the en ty
 a.
 
Number of loca ons
 Loca ons
 
Number
 Na onal (No. of States)
 
13
 Interna onal (No. of countries)
 
60
 b.
 
What is the contribu on of exports as 
a
 
percentage of the total turnover of the 
en ty?
 
81%
 
c.
 
A brief on type of customers
 
The company sells products on a purchase -order basis to the 
manufacturers of Finished Dosage form drug. They belongs to countries 
of EUROPE, UK, US , Japan etc.  Customer from rest of the world also 
ge ng business with diﬀerent speciﬁca ons.
 IV. Employees
 20
 
Details as at the end of Financial Year:
 a.
 
Employees and workers (including diﬀerently abled):
 S. No.
 
Par culars
 
Total (A)
 
Male
 
Female
 No. (B)
 
% (B / A)
 
No. (C)
 
% (C / A)
 EMPLOYEES
 1.
 
Permanent (D)
 
871
 
846
 
97%
 
25
 
3%
 2.
 
Other than Permanent (E)
 
52
 
50
 
96%
 
2
 
4%
 3.
 
Total employees (D + E)
 
923
 
896
 
97%
 
27
 
3%
 WORKERS
 4.
 
Permanent (F)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 5.
 
Other than Permanent (G)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 6.
 
Total workers (F + G)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 b.
 
Employees and workers (including diﬀerently abled):
 S.
 No
 
Par culars
 
Total
 (A)
 
Male
 
Female
 No. (B)
 
% (B / A)
 
No. (C)
 
% (C
 
/ A)
 DIFFERENTLY
 
ABLED
 
EMPLOYEES
 1.
 
Permanent (D)
 
1
 
1
 
100%
 
0
 
0%
 2.
 
Other than Permanent (E)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 3.
 
Total    diﬀerently abled 
employees
 
(D + E)
 
1
 
 
1
 
100%
 
0
 
0%
 DIFFERENTLY
 
ABLED
 
WORKERS
 4.
 
Permanent (F)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 5.
 
Other than permanent (G)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 6.
 
Total    diﬀerently abled 
workers
 
(F + G)
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 21
 
Par cipa on/Inclusion/Representa on
 
of
 
women
 
  
Total
 (A)
 
No. and percentage of Females
 No. (B)
 
% (B / A)
 Board of Directors
 
8
 
1
 
13%
 Key Management Personnel*
 
4
 
0
 
0%
 * Company was having one female key managerial personnel (Company Secretary)  ll December, 2023. 
872023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 91 =====
22
 
Turnover
 
rate
 
for
 
permanent
 
employees
 
and
 
workers (Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
 
  
FY 2023-24
 (Turnover rate in current 
FY)
 
FY 2022-23
         
 
(Turnover rate in previous 
FY)
 
FY 2021-22
         (Turnover rate in the year 
prior to    the previous FY)
 Male
 
Female
 
Total
 
Male
 
Female
 
Total
 
Male
 
Female
 
Total
 Permanent 
Employees
 
20.80%
 
25.45%
 
20.93%
 
20.02%
 
24.14%
 
20.15%
 
31.33%
 
42.25%
 
31.70%
 Permanent Workers
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
 23
 
Name of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
 S.No.
 
Name of the holding / 
subsidiaries / associate 
companies / joint ventures
 (A)
 
Indicate whether 
holding/ Subsidiary/ 
Associate/
 
Joint
 Venture
 
% of shares 
held by 
listed en ty
 
Does the en ty indicated at column 
A, par cipate in the Business 
Responsibility ini a ves of the 
listed en ty? (Yes/No)
 
1
 
Dhanuka Laboratories Ltd.
 -
 
Incorporated in India
 
Holding company
 
69.84%*
 
No
 
2
 
Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited
 -
 
Incorporated in India
 
Wholly owned 
subsidiary
 
100%
 
No
 
3
 
Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc.
 -
 
Incorporated in USA
 
Wholly owned 
subsidiary
 
100%
 
No
 
4
 
Orgenus Pharma Inc.  
 -
 
Incorporated in USA
 
Step-down
 
subsidiary
 
100%
 
No
 
5
 
Orchid Pharma Inc./ Karalex 
Pharma LLC, USA
 -
 
Incorporated in USA
 
Step-down subsidiary
 
100%
 
No
 
6
 
Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc.
 -
 
Incorporated in USA
 
Wholly owned 
subsidiary
 
100%
 
No
 
7
 
Diakron Pharmaceu cals 
Inc.
 -
 
Incorporated in USA
 
Subsidary
 
76.65%
 
No
 
8
 
Orbion Pharmaceu cals 
Private Limited
 -
 
Incorporated in India
 
Associate
 
26.00%
 
No
 
* The Company vide its Board Resolu on dated June 27, 2023 allo ed 99,02,705 equity shares to Qualiﬁed 
Ins tu onal Buyer consequent to which the percentage of share held by Dhanuka Laboratories Limited decreased 
from 89.96 to 72.40. Further, the percentage of share held by the Dhanuka Laboratories Limited decreased to 69.84 
a er the sale of 13,00,000 shares by the promoter company.
 VI. CSR Details
 24
 (i) 
 
Whether CSR is applicable as per sec on 135 of Companies Act, 
2013: (Yes/No)
 
Yes
 (ii) 
 
Turnover (in Rs.)
 
819.37 crores
 (iii) 
 
Net worth (in Rs.)
 
1218.32 crores
 VII. Transparency
 
and
 
Disclosures
 
Compliances
 25
 
Stakeholder 
group   from 
whom complaint 
is
 
received
 
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in 
Place (Yes/No) 
(If yes, then 
provide web-
link for 
grievance 
redress policy)
FY 2023-24
 (Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 (Previous Financial Year)
 
Number of 
complaints 
ﬁled 
during the 
year
 
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolu on 
at close of 
the year
 
Remar
ks
 
Number of 
complaints 
ﬁled 
during the 
year
 
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolu on 
at close of 
the year
 
Remarks
 
88
===== PAGE 92 =====
Communi es 
Yes, 
h p://www.orc
hidpharma.com/
downloads/Stak
eholder%20Enga
gement%20Polic
y.pdf 
h p://www.orc
hidpharma.com/
downloads/Envir
onmental,%20So
cial%20and%20
Governance%20
Policy.pdf 
                                               
-    
                                                
-     -             -                                     
-     -  
Investors (other 
than 
shareholders) 
Yes, 
h p://www.orc
hidpharma.com/
downloads/Stak
eholder%20Enga
gement%20Polic
y.pdf 
 8 8   -   -  -  -  
Shareholders 
Yes, 
h ps://smartodr
.in/login 
1 0                                     
-    1 1* - 
Employees and 
workers 
Yes, 
h p://www.orch
idpharma.com/d
ownloads/Policy
%20on%20%20
Whistle%20Blow
er.pdf 
0 NA                                     
-    Nil NA - 
Customers 
Yes, 
h p://www.orch
idpharma.com/d
ownloads/Stake
holder%20Engag
ement%20Policy.
pdf 
3 0 - Nil NA - 
Value Chain 
Partners 
(Including 
customers) 
Yes, 
h p://www.orch
idpharma.com/d
ownloads/Stake
holder%20Engag
ement%20Policy.
pdf 
0 NA                                     
-    Nil NA - 
* The complaint pending as on March 31, 2023 was resolved to the sa sfac on of the investor in the ﬁrst week on April 
2023. 
 
 26
 
Overview of the en ty's material responsible business conduct issues
 Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social 
ma ers that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, ra onale for iden fying the same, approach to adapt 
or mi gate the risk along-with its ﬁnancial implica ons, as per the following format:
892023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 93 =====
 
 S.No.
 
Material 
issue 
iden ﬁed
 
Indicate 
whether   
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
 
Ra onale for
 iden fying the 
risk/opportunity
 
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mi gate
 
Financial 
implica ons of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate posi ve or 
nega ve 
implica ons)
 1
 
Corporate 
Governance 
and Business
 Ethics 
 
Risk and 
Opportunity
 
Risk: Failing to 
maintain the highest 
standards of corporate 
governance and 
business ethics can 
lead to regulatory 
repercussions, 
ﬁnancial losses, and 
damage to our 
reputa on.  
 
Opportunity: 
Compliance and 
Ethical & responsible 
governance prac ces 
will result in long-term 
value crea on for all 
stakeholders.  
-
 
Adop ng a zero-tolerance 
policy for breach of ethics 
and integrity.
 -
 
Regular engagement with 
regulatory agencies to 
ensure compliance and 
reduce any possibility of 
noncompliance. - Regular trainings for 
employee on compliance 
related ma ers  
Posi ve and Nega ve
 
2  Product 
Quality and 
Safety  
Risk  Risk: Failing to meet 
quality standards and 
regulatory compliance 
can result in regulatory 
ac ons that can 
nega vely impact the 
business.  
- Ensuring strict compliance 
with global quality standards 
and applicable local 
regulatory requirements 
through regular quality 
checks 
- Maintaining strong 
complaint redressal 
mechanism 
Nega ve 
3  Diversity, 
Equity and 
Inclusivity
 
Opportunity  Opportunity: 
Establishing diverse 
and inclusive 
workforce which will 
help the company in 
enhancing 
performance of the 
workforce by having 
personnel with varied 
skillset and 
experiences
 
- A rac ng and developing 
the right talent, ensuring 
professional development 
and personal well-being 
throughout their tenure 
with the Company.
 
-
 
Providing programmes that 
are speciﬁcally designed for 
roles which require 
upgraded skills
 
Posi ve 
4
 
Occupa onal 
Health and 
Safety
 
Risk
 
Risk: Failing to 
maintain adequate 
safety at the 
workplace can lead to 
enquiries by the 
statutory authori es 
which could aﬀect the
opera ons of the
company. 
-Conduc ng regular 
trainings for occupa onal 
health and use of safety 
measures.
 
-
 
Provision of First Aid boxes, 
emergency exits and having 
well-ven lated workplace.
 
Nega ve
 
90
===== PAGE 94 =====
5  Community 
engagement  
Opportunity  Opportunity: Helping 
company in making 
interven on for the well-
being of the community.  
-  Ac vely discussing the 
issues/ concerns of the 
community near the 
manufacturing units  
-  Carrying out appropriate 
ac ons  to redress issues of the 
community  
Posi ve 
6  Waste 
management  
Risk  Risk: Inappropriate and 
ineﬃcient management 
of waste which could be 
hazardous for the various 
stakeholders  
-  Disposable of waste in 
appropriate manner  
-  Sustainably sourcing the 
input materials  
-  Entering into contracts with 
the recyclers for the reduc on 
of the waste generated and 
sustainably disposing it.  
Nega ve 
 
912023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 95 =====
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
 This sec on is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structur es, policies and processes put in place towards 
adop ng the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
 Disclosure Ques ons
 
P1
 
P2
 
P3
 
P4
 
P5
 
P6
 
P7
 
P8
 
P9
 Policy and management processes
 1
 
a
.
 
Whether   your   en ty’s policy/policies cover 
each principle and its core elements of the 
NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 b
.
 
Has the policy been approved by the
 
Board? 
(Yes/No)
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 c
.
 
Web Link of the Policies, if available
 h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_corporategovernance.html
 
2
 
Whether the en ty has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes/No)
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 3
 
Do the enlisted policies extend to your
 
value 
chain partners? (Yes/No)
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 
Yes
 4
 
Name of the na onal and interna onal 
codes/cer ﬁca ons/labels/standards (e.g. Forest 
Stewardship    Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest 
Alliance, Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, 
ISO, BIS) adopted by your en ty and mapped to 
each principle.
 
ISO14001:2015, ISO 45001: 2018, USFDA, EUGMP, KFDA & PMDA 
Cer ﬁcates
 
5
 
Speciﬁc commitments, goals and targets set by 
the en ty with deﬁned  melines, if any.
 
The company has iden ﬁed material ESG issu es which will help 
Orchid in se ng targets and measures. Orchid strives to become 
a sustainable company and, in the process, to develop targets.
 6
 
Performance of the en ty against   the speciﬁc 
commitments, goals and targets along -with 
reasons in case
 
the same are not met.
 
Orchid is commi ed to formalizing its eﬀorts to enhance 
sustainability prac ces by adhering to the guidelines set forth in 
NGRBC, and is ac vely work on developing targets and assessing 
its performance against them.
 Governance, leadership and oversight
 7
 
Statement by director responsible for the 
business responsibility report, highligh ng ESG 
related challenges, targets and achievements 
(listed en ty has ﬂexibility regarding the 
placement of this disclosure)
 
In today’s world,
 
ESG is a gateway to new fron ers of 
transforma on. The transi on from individual to community has 
prompted businesses to reconsider their business strategies, and 
the core of these strategies revolve around innova on, 
awareness, and sustainable proces ses. Hence, ESG has become 
the founda on of our sustainable and long term growth charter. 
We have embarked on a journey where the na on’s sustainable 
development and its people’s comprehensive growth are a big 
part of our responsibility framework. We rem ain commi ed to 
posi vely impac ng the lives of our consumers and the 
community at large. As an organiza on, we have been catering 
to the needs and reaching the underprivileged who could not 
access basic medicines. And, we con nue to focus on balancin g 
our goals of sustainable proﬁtability and long -term value 
crea on with our overarching commitment to responsible 
growth, as an organiza on and as a responsible corporate 
ci zen. We have in place a detailed strategic plan to achieve 
signiﬁcant growth
 
in the short, medium, and long term. 
 The key growth drivers would include scaling up the exis ng 
products and launching new products and penetra ng into 
newer markets in both API and Formula ons business. We also 
strive to accomplish a strong balance sheet with industry-leading 
best prac ces. We, as an organiza on, are more resolute than 
ever, to embed our ESG priori es into the DNA of our core 
opera ons across people, prac ces, and processes because real 
92
===== PAGE 96 =====
sustainability for us lies in staying comm i ed to responsible 
growth for all, for now, and tomorrow.
 8
 
Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementa on and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies).
 
The Board of the Company is responsible for the implementa on 
and oversight of the Business
 
Responsibility policy(ies).
 
9
 
Does the en ty have a speciﬁed Commi ee of 
the Board/ Director responsible for decision 
making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / 
No). If yes, provide details.
 
Yes, Shri Mridul Dhanuka, Whole T ime Director, oversees the 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability ini a ves of the 
Company.
 
10  Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:  Subject for Review  Indicate whether review was undertaken   
by   Director   / Commi ee   of   the   
Board/ Any other Commi ee 
Frequency (Annually/Half yearly/ 
Quarterly/ Any other – please specify) 
  P
1  
P
2  
P
3  
P
4  
P
5  
P
6 
P
7 
P
8 
P
9  P
1 
P
2 
P
3 
P
4 
P
5 
P
6 
P
7 
P
8 P
9 
a
.  
Performance 
against  
above policies and 
follow up ac on  
As a standard procedure, the Board 
annually reviews the Company's Business 
Responsibility policies or when needed. 
This assessment includes evalua ng the 
eﬀec veness of the policies and making 
necessary adjustments to both policies and 
procedures.  
Annually 
b
.  
Compliance with 
statutory 
requirements of 
relevance to the 
principles, and  
rec ﬁca on of any  
non-compliances  
The Company complies with relevant 
regula ons, and the Managing Director 
(MD) issues a Statutory Compliance 
Cer ﬁcate to the Board of Directors 
regarding applicable laws.  
On-going basis 
11  Has the en ty carried out independent assessment/evalua on of the 
working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide 
name of the agency.  No 
12  If answer to ques on (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated: 
Ques ons
 
P
1
 P
2
 P
3
 P
4
 P
5
 P
6
 P
7
 
P
8
 
P
9
 
The en ty does not consider the principles
 
material to its business 
(Yes/No)
 
All Principles are covered by the Policies
 The en ty is not at a stage where it is in a posi on t o formulate and 
implement the policies on speciﬁed principles (Yes/No)
 
The en ty does not have the ﬁnancial or/human and technical resources 
available for the task (Yes/No)
 
It is planned to be done in the next ﬁnancial year (Yes/No)
 
 
932023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 97 =====
SECTION C:
 
PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
 This sec on is aimed at helping en  es
 
demonstrate their performance in integra ng the Principles and Core Elements with 
key processes and decisions.  The informa on sought is categorized as “Essen al” and “Leadership”. While the essen al 
indicators are expected to be disclosed by every en ty that is mandated to ﬁle this report, the leadership indicators may be 
voluntarily disclosed by en  es which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be s ocially, environmentally and 
ethically responsible.
 PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent   
and Accountable.
 Essen al Indicators
 1
 
Percentage coverage by training and aw areness programmes on any of the principles
 
during the ﬁnancial year:
 Segment
 
Total number 
of training and 
awareness 
programmes 
held
 
Topics/ principles covered under the training and its impact
 
%age of persons in 
respec ve category 
covered by the 
awareness 
programmes
 Board of 
Directors
 
1
 
An induc on session is arranged for every independent 
Director, on his/her appointment to the Board of Directors. 
The induc on session, amongst others, includes an overview 
of the Company, its vision and mission, th e industry in which it 
operates, its business strategies, risk management, and the 
roles and responsibili es as a member of the Risk 
Management Commi ee and Board. On an ongoing basis,
 Orchid's Board conducts mee ngs and updates regarding ESG, 
Code of Conduct for Preven on of Insider Trading, Code of 
Conduct for Directors and Senior Management, Corporate 
Governance, Risk Management, IT & Cybersecurity, changes in 
the regulatory environment as applicable were made at the 
mee ng. Further, Independent Dir ectors meet separately 
without the a endance of non -independent Directors to 
review the performance of non-independent Directors, and 
Board as a whole, and the performance of the Chairman of the 
Board.
 
100%
 
Key   
Managerial
Personnel
 
1
 
Orchid's Code of Conduct serves to guide our ac ons, which 
are governed by integrity, honesty, fair dealing, and 
compliance with all applicable laws. The mandatory training on 
the Code of Conduct is designed to provide a framework 
against which conduct, and behaviour can be measured. It 
covers in detail the expected code as but is not limited to the 
equal opportunity employer, data and people privacy, conﬂict 
of interest, insider trading, bribery, improper payment, 
compliance, human rights, safe and secure work environment,
POSH, etc.
 
100%
 
Employees
other 
than BoD 
and KMPs
 
20
 
HR Policies, Ethics, Integrity & Code of Conduct, etc.
 
55%
 
2
 
Details of ﬁnes / penal es /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ se lement amount paid  in  proceedings  (by  the  
en ty  or  by  directors  /  KMPs)  with  regulators/  law enforcement
 
agencies/ judicial ins tu ons, in the ﬁnancial 
year, in the following format (Note: the en ty shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as speciﬁed in 
Regula on 30  of SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Obliga ons) Regula ons, 2015 and as disclosed on an
 
en ty’s 
website):
 
  
Monetary
 
  
NGRBC Principle
 
Name of the 
regulatory/ 
enforcement 
Amount (In INR)
 
Brief of the 
Case
 
Has an appeal 
been 
preferred? 
(Yes/No)
 
94
===== PAGE 98 =====
 Penalty/ Fine
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
NA
 
NA
 
 Se lement
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
NA
 
NA
 
 
Compounding 
fee
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
NA
 
NA
 
 Non-Monetary
 
 
  NGRBC Principle  Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ judicial 
ins tu ons 
Brief of the Case Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No) 
 Imprisonment  Nil  Nil  NA NA 
 Punishment  Nil  Nil  NA NA 
3  Of the instances disclosed in Ques on 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or 
non-monetary ac on has been appealed.  
 Case Details  Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial 
ins tu ons 
 Not Applicable 
4  Does the en ty have an an -corrup on or an -
bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if 
available, provide a web-link to the policy.  
The company is deeply committed to ethical conduct, ﬁrmly 
opposing prac ces such as bribery or kickbacks and ac vely 
discouraging employees and stakeholders from engaging in 
such behaviour. We maintain a strict zero -tolerance policy 
against bribery and corrup on, dedicated to uph olding our 
business rela onships with professionalism, fairness, and 
ethical integrity. To eﬀec vely combat bribery, we have 
implemented comprehensive guidelines and stringent control 
measures. We have clearly deﬁned consequences for 
misconduct and encourage employees to promptly report any 
wrongdoing. Our corporate governance prac ces are 
anchored in principles of honesty and integrity, ensuring full 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The 
principles of an -corrup on and bribery are captured in 
codes of conduct of the Company. Furthermore, we provide a 
Whistleblower mechanism for repor ng any concerns or 
instances of misconduct.  
 
Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior 
Management: 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/codeofconduct/C
ode%20of%20Conduct%20for%20Board%20of%20Directors%
20and%20Senior%20Management%20.pdf 
 
Code for Independent Directors: 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/codeofconduct/C
ode_for_Independent_Directors.pdf 
 
Code of Conduct on Preven on of Insider Trading 
Regula ons: 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/codeofconduct/C
ode%20of%20Conduct%20under%20Insider%20Tr ading%20R
egula ons_v-2.1.pdf 
 
Whistleblower Policy:
 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Policy%20on%20
%20Whistle%20Blower.pdf
 
 
 
952023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 99 =====
5
 
Number of Directors/KMPs/emplo yees/workers against whom disciplinary ac on was taken by any law enforcement 
agency for the charges of bribery/ corrup on:
 
  
FY 2023-24 
 
FY 2022-23 
 (Current Financial Year)
 
(Previous Financial Year)
 Directors
 
Nil
 
Nil
 KMPs  
Nil Nil Employees  
Nil Nil 
Workers  Nil Nil 6  Details of complaints with regard to conﬂict of interest:  
  FY 2023-24  FY 2022-23  
(Current  Financial Year) (Previous Financial Year) 
  Number Remarks Number Remarks 
Number of complaints received in  
 rela on to issues  of Conﬂict of  
Interest of the Directors  
Nil  - Nil - 
Number of complaints received in  
 rela on to issues of Conﬂict of  
Interest of the KMPs  
Nil  - Nil - 
7  Provide details of any correc ve 
ac on taken or underway on issues 
related to ﬁnes / penal es / ac on 
taken by regulators/ law 
enforcement agencies/ judicial 
ins tu ons, on cases of corrup on 
and conﬂicts of interest.  
 
 
Not Applicable 
8  Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following 
format:  
  FY 2023-24  
(Current Financial Year) 
FY 2022-23  
(Previous Financial Year) 
Number of days of accounts payables  135 123 
9  Open-ness of business  
Provide details of concentra on of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related par es along-with 
loans and advances & investments, with related par es, in the following format: 
Parameter  Metrics  FY 2023-24  
(Current Financial Year) 
FY 2022-23  
(Previous Financial Year) 
Concentra on of 
Purchases  
a. Purchases from trading houses as 
% of total purchases  NA NA 
b. Number of trading houses where 
purchases are made from  NA NA 
c. Purchases from top 10 trading 
houses as % of total purchases NA NA 
Concentra on of 
Sales  a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % 
of total  sales  NA NA 
b. Number of dealers / distributors 
to whom sales are made  NA NA 
c. Sales to top 10 dealers / 
distributors as % of total sales to 
dealers /distributors
 NA NA 
Share of RPTs in
 
a. Purchases (Purchases with related 
par es / Total Purchas es)
 37.80%
 
35.48%
 
b. Sales (Sales to related par es / 
Total Sales)
 2.05%
 
1.42%
 
 
96
===== PAGE 100 =====
c. Loans & advances (Loans & 
advances given to related par es / 
Total loans & advances)  
76.53% 69.92% 
d. Investments (Investments in 
related par es / Total Investmen ts 
made)  
21.61% 0% 
Leadership Indicators  
1  Awareness programmes  conducted for value  chain partners on any of the principles during the ﬁnancial year: 
Total number of awareness  
programmes held  
Topics / principles covered 
under  the training 
%age of value chain partners covered (by 
value of business done with such partners) 
under the awareness programmes 
Nil 
2  Does the en ty have processes in 
place to avoid/ manage conﬂict of 
interests involving members of the 
Board? (Yes/No)  
 If yes, provide details of the same.  
Yes, every Director of the Company annually discloses any concerns or 
interests they have in the Company or other en  es, including any changes, 
which encompass shareholding interests. Addi onally, Directors annually 
declare under the Code of Conduct that they will always act in the Company's 
best interests and ensure that any other business or personal associa ons do 
not conﬂict with the Company's opera ons or their role. During Board 
mee ngs, Directors abstain from par cipa ng in i tems where they have a 
concern or interest. To iden fy and monitor conﬂicts of interest involving the 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs), the Corporate Secretarial 
team maintains a database of the Directors and the en  es in which they are 
interested. This list is shared with the Finance department to monitor and 
track transac ons entered into by the Company with these par es. 
Addi onally, the Senior Management aﬃrms annually that they have not 
engaged in any material ﬁnancial and comme rcial transac ons that could 
poten ally conﬂict with the Company's interests.
 
 
972023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 101 =====
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
 PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
 Essen al Indicators
 1.
 
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in speciﬁc technologies to improve the 
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the 
en ty, respec vely.
 
  
FY 24 -
 
Current 
Financial Year
 
FY 23 -
 Previous 
Financial Year
 
Details of improvements in environmental and 
social impacts
 R&D
   
As Orchid is engaged in the produc on of 
formula ons and APIs, its investments are primarily 
focused on enhancing IT infrastructure, reducing air 
emissions, improving eﬄuent discharge processes, 
and increasing energy eﬃciency.
 
Capex
   
2.
 
Does the en ty have procedures in 
place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No) 
If yes, what percentage of inputs were 
sourced sustainably?
 
En ty has procedures (Yes/No): Y
 
 The company is dedicated to sustainability and ac vely works to 
inﬂuence its supply chain partners to minimize their environmental 
impact. On a na onal scale, priority is always given to sourcing from local 
suppliers within India. The
 
company strives to empower suppliers who 
contribute to a responsible supply chain by implemen ng best prac ces.
      3.
 
Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of 
life
 
  
Process Descrip on
 (a)
 
Plas cs
 (including packaging)
 
Plas c waste is managed in compliance with the Plas c Waste Management Rules.
 
(b)
 
E-waste
 
Disposed of in accordance with the E-waste Management Rules, 2016.
 (c)
 
Hazardous 
waste
 
Hazardous waste are dispo sed as per the authoriza on obtained and procedure contained 
in the authoriza on order.
 (d)
 
Other waste
 
The Company has Standard Opera ng Procedure for returned products which provides 
the guidelines for safe handling and disposable of expired products.
 4.
 
Whether Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the 
en ty’s ac vi es (Yes/No). If yes, 
whether the waste collec on plan is in 
line with the Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) plan submi ed to 
Pollu on Control Boards? If not , provide 
steps taken to address the same.
 
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) applicable (Yes/No): Yes
 Describe:
 
The company is compliant with Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) regula ons and holds cer ﬁca ons from the Central 
Pollu on Control Board (CPCB) for both Brand Owner (BO) and Importer 
categories.
 
Leadership Indicators
 1.
 
Has the en ty conducted Life Cycle Perspec ve/Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing 
industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
 NIC Code 
 
Name of 
Product / 
Service 
 
% of total 
Turnover 
contributed 
 
Boundary for 
which the 
Life Cycle 
Perspec ve / 
Assessment 
was 
conducted 
 
Whether 
conducted by 
independent 
external 
agency 
(Yes/No)
 
Results 
communicated 
in public 
domain 
(Yes/No)
 
If results 
communicated 
in public 
domain,
 provide the 
web-link
 
Our company is dedicated to environmental stewardship, even though we have not yet conducted a Life Cycle 
Assessment (LCA) for our products. We rec ognize the importance of understanding the environmental impacts 
associated with our products throughout their en re life cycles. Therefore, we are proac vely planning to undertake 
LCA evalua ons. These assessments will be a crucial part of our ongoing eﬀorts to reduce our carbon footprint and 
enhance our environmental performance.
 
98
===== PAGE 102 =====
2.
 
If there are any signiﬁcant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from produc on or disposal of 
your products/ services, as iden ﬁed in the Life Cycle
 
Perspec ve/Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, 
brieﬂy describe the same along-with ac on taken to mi gate the same. Name of Product/Service  Descrip on of the Risk/Concern Ac on Taken NA  NA  NA 3.  Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in produc on (for manufacturing 
industry) or providing services (for service industry).  
Indicate Input Material  Recycled or re-used input material to total material 
FY 24 -  Current Financial Year FY 23 - Previous Financial Year 
As a manufacturer of pharmaceu cal products, our company adheres to strict industry standards and regulatory 
requirements. Consequently, materials are not reused or recycled in our produc on processes to ensure the highest 
quality and safety of our products.  
4.  Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, 
and safely disposed, as per the following format:  
 FY 24 -  Current Financial Year  FY 23 - Previous Financial Year 
Plas cs 
(including 
packaging)  
0  0  0 0 0 0 
E-waste  0  0  0 0 0 0 
Hazardous 
Waste  0  0  0 0 0 0 
Other Waste  0  0  0 0 0 0 
5.  Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category. 
Indicate product category  Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % 
of total products sold in respec ve category 
NA
 
0
 
 
992023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 103 =====
PRINCIPLE 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well -being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains
 Essen al Indicators
 1
 
A
 
Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
 
Categor
y
 
% of employees covered by
 
Total 
(A)
 
Health 
insurance
 
Accident 
insurance
 
Maternity 
beneﬁts
 
Paternity 
Beneﬁts
 
Day Care 
facili es
 Numbe
r (B)
 
%
 (B/A)
 
Numbe
r (C)
 
% 
(C/A)
 
Numbe
r (D)
 
% 
(D/A)
 
Numbe
r (E)
 
%
 (E/A)
 
Numbe
r (F)
 
% 
(F/A
)
 Permanent employees
 
Male
 
846
 
846
 
100%
 
846
 
100%
 
NA
 
NA
 
846
 
100
%
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
25
 
25
 
100%
 
25
 
100%
 
25
 
100%
 
NA
 
NA
 
0
 
0%
 Total
 
871
 
871
 
100%
 
871
 
100%
 
25
 
3%
 
846
 
96%
 
0
 
0%
 Other than Permanent employees
 
Male
 
50
 
50
 
100%
 
50
 
100%
 
NA
 
NA
 
50
 
100
%
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
2
 
2
 
100%
 
2
 
100%
 
2
 
100%
 
NA
 
NA
 
0
 
0%
 Total
 
52
 
52
 
100%
 
52
 
100%
 
2
 
4%
 
50
 
96%
 
0
 
0%
 B
 
Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
 
Categor
y
 
% of workers covered by
 
Total 
(A)
 
Health 
insurance
 
Accident 
insurance
 
Maternity 
beneﬁts
 
Paternity 
Beneﬁts
 
Day Care 
facili es
 Numbe
r (B)
 
% 
(B/A)
 
Numbe
r (C)
 
% 
(C/A)
 
Numbe
r (D)
 
% 
(D/A)
 
Numbe
r (E)
 
% 
(E/A)
 
Numbe
r (F)
 
% 
(F/A
)
 Permanent workers
 Male
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Total
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Other than Permanent workers
 Male
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Total
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 C
 
Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and
 
workers (including permanent and other than 
permanent) in the following format:
 
  
FY 2023-24
 (Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 (Previous Financial Year)
 Cost incurred on well-being 
measures as a % of total revenue of 
the company  4% 3% 2  Details of re rement beneﬁts, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year. 
Beneﬁ
ts  
FY 2023-24  (Current Financial Year)  
FY 2022-23 (Previous Financial Year) No. of 
employees 
covered as a % 
of total 
employees  
No. of 
workers 
covered as a 
% of total 
workers  
Deducted and 
deposited with     
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.) 
No. of 
employees 
covered as a 
% of total 
employees 
No. of workers 
covered as a % 
of total workers 
Deducted and 
deposited 
with     the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.) PF  100%  NA  Y  100% 100% Y 
100
===== PAGE 104 =====
3
 
Accessibility of workplaces
 
Are the premises / oﬃces of the en ty 
accessible to diﬀerently abled employees and 
workers, as per the requirements of the Rights 
of Persons with Disabili es Act, 2016? If not, 
whether any steps are being taken by the en ty 
in this regard.
 
Yes, as a principle the Company through its Equal Employment 
Opportunity policy prohibits any kind of discrimina on against 
any person with a disability in any ma er related to 
employment as per
 
the Right of Person with Disabili es Act, 
2016, and Transgender persons (Protec on of Rights) Act 2019. 
Various corporate oﬃces and sites of Orchid have ramps for 
easy movement of diﬀerently -abled people and wheelchair-
accessible restrooms are availa ble.
 
4
 
Does the en ty have an equal opportunity 
policy as per the Rights of Persons
  
with 
Disabili es Act, 2016? If so, provide a web -link 
to the policy.
 
Yes, the Company has adopted an Equal employment 
opportunity and nondiscrimina on policy in accord ance with the 
provisions of the Rights of Persons with Disabili es Act, 2016, 
and provides a framework that is commi ed to the 
empowerment of persons with disabili es.
 
 
Website Link: 
 
h ps://orchidpharma.com/downloads/Equal%20Opportunity%2
0Policy.pdf
 
5
 
Return to work and Reten on rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
 
Gender
 
Permanent employees
 
Permanent workers
 
Return to work rate
 
Reten on rate
 
Return to work rate
 
Reten on rate
 
Male
 
100%
 
86%
 
100%
 
100%
 
Female
 
100%
 
67%
 
100%
 
100%
 
Total
 
100%
 
84%
 
100%
 
100%
 
6
 
Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following
 
categories of employees and 
worker? If yes,
 
give details of the mechanism in brief.
 
  
Yes/No (If yes, then give details of the
 
mechanism in brief)
 
Permanent Workers
 
Yes, the Company strives to create a fair, open, and transparent culture where 
employees can openly present their views. Company t ransparently communicates 
its policies and prac ces such as plans, compensa on, performance metrics, 
performance pay grids and calcula on, career enhancements, compliance, and 
other processes. 
 
Company has implemented a comprehensive Whistle -blower mechanism and 
Preven on of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) policy. The Whistle -blower 
mechanism allows employees to report any concerns or grievances, including 
instances of sexual harassment. The company takes these reports seriously and 
follows a stringent process outlined in the POSH policy to address them promptly 
and eﬀec vely.
 
The grievance mechanism is designed to ensure that all employees and workers 
have a safe and conﬁden al avenue to raise their concerns, regardless of their 
category
 
Other than Permanent 
Workers
 
Permanent Employees
 
 
Other than Permanent 
Employees
 
7
 
Membership of employees and worker in associa on(s) or Unions recognised by the listed en ty:
 Category
 
FY 2023-24
 
(Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 
(Previous Financial Year)
 
Total employees 
/ workers in 
respec ve 
category (A)
 
No. of employees / 
workers in 
respec ve 
category, who are 
part of 
associa on(s) or 
Union (B)
 
% 
(B/A)
 
Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respec ve 
category (C)
 
No. of employees/ 
workers in 
respec ve 
category, who are 
part of 
associa on(s) or 
Union(D)
 
%
 
(D/C
)
 
Total Permanent 
Employees
 
Orchid Pharma's employees are currently not part of any employee associa on or Union.
 
Male
 
Female
Total Permanent 
Employees
Male
Female
1012023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 105 =====
8
 
Details of training given to employees and workers:
 
Categor
y
 
FY 2023-24
 (Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 (Previous Financial Year)
 
Total 
(A)
 
On   Health and 
safety measures
 
On Skill 
upgrada on
 
Total 
(A)
 
On Health and 
safety measures
 
On Skill 
upgrada on
 No.
 (B)
 
% 
(B/A)
 
No.
 (C)
 
% (C/A)
 
No.
 (B)
 
% 
(B/A)
 
No.
 (C)
 
% 
(C/A)
 Employees
 Male
 
896
 
510
 
57%
 
0
 
0%
 
913
 
855
 
94%
 
777
 
85%
 Female
 
27
 
2
 
7%
 
0
 
0%
 
28
 
5
 
18%
 
5
 
18%
 Total
 
923
 
512
 
55%
 
0
 
0%
 
941
 
860
 
91%
 
782
 
83%
 
 
Workers
 Male
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
 
Total
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0%
 9
 
Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
 
Category
 
FY 2023-24
 (Current Financial Year)
 
FY 
 
2022-23
 (Previous Financial Year)
 Total (A)
 
No. (B)
 
% (B / A)
 
Total (c)
 
No. (D)
 
% (D / C)
 Employees
 Male
 
896
 
747
 
83%
 
913
 
657
 
72%
 Female
 
27
 
20
 
74%
 
28
 
7
 
25%
 Total
 
923
 
767
 
83%
 
941
 
664
 
71%
 Workers
 Male
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 
0
 
0
 
0%
 Female
 
0
 
0
    
0%
 
0
 
0
 0%
 Total
 
0
 
0
 0%
 
0
 
0
 0%
 10  Health and safety management system:  
a.  
Whether   an   occupa onal health   and   
safety   management system   has   been 
implemented by the en ty? (Yes/ No). If 
yes, the coverage such system?  
Yes, the Company has inculcated Dupont Safety Culture which 
covers Work Permit System, enforcement o f Safety Standards, 
assessment of Near Miss Incidents, CAPA, display of MSDS, 
usage of PPE's . 
b.  
What are the processes used to iden fy 
work-related hazards and assess risks on a 
rou ne and non-rou ne basis by the 
en ty?  
Orchid is commi ed to provi de a safe and healthy workplace by 
minimizing the risk of accidents, injury and exposure to health risks and it complies with applicable laws and 
regula ons with respect to safety at workplace. Orchid has taken an ini a ve to frame a comprehensive policy
with respect to health and safety management system such as 
Process Hazard Analysis, Pre start -up safety review, Plant safety 
audit, Job safety analysis, Work Permit system, What if study, 
Work place monitoring, Noise monitoring, Illumina on 
monitoring. Various facili es are available at Orchid 
manufacturing sites and Corporate Oﬃces and its subsidiaries 
corporate oﬃces premises such as proper ven la on, hygiene & 
sanita on, yearly safety audit, emergency exits, ﬁrst aid box, etc 
c.  
Whether you have processes for workers 
to report the work-related  hazards and to 
remove themselves from such risks. (Y/N)  
Yes 
d.  
Do the employees/ worker of the en ty 
have access to non-occupa onal medical 
and healthcare services? (Yes/ No)  
Yes 
 
102
===== PAGE 106 =====
11
 
Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
 Safety Incident/Number
 
Category
 
FY 2023-24
 
FY 2022-23
 Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million -
person hours worked)
 
Employees
 
Nil
 
Nil
 Workers
 
Nil
 
Nil
 Total recordable work -related injuries
 
Employees
 
Nil
 
Nil
 Workers
 
Nil
 
Nil
 No. of fatali es
 
Employees
 
Nil
 
Nil
 Workers
 
Nil
 
Nil
 High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding 
fatali es)
 
Employees
 
Nil
 
Nil
 Workers
 
Nil
 
Nil
 12
 
Describe the measures taken by the entity to 
ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
 
-
 
Familiariza on with opera ng procedures and ma ers to be 
taken care of.
 -
 
Use of Personal Protec ve Equipment (PPE) as per PPE matrix.
 - Conduct of Refresher classroom Training Safety and Induc on 
Training - Applica on of Work Permit system and Safety Data Sheet 
maintance  - Examina on Pre employment Skin & ENT screening - Environment monitoring  
- Regular preven ve maintenance program, Plant safety audits 
and Safety Observa on Audit 
13  Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers: 
  
FY 2023-24  
(Current Financial Year)  
FY  2022-23 
(Previous Financial Year) 
Filed during 
the  year  
Pending resolu on 
at the end of year 
Remarks Filed during 
the year 
Pending resolu on 
at the end of year 
Remark
s 
Working 
Condi ons  Nil  NA  - Nil NA - 
Health & Safety  Nil  NA  - Nil NA - 
14  Assessments for the year:  
  
% of your plants and oﬃces that were assessed (by en ty or 
statutory authori es or third par es) 
Health and safety prac ces  100% 
Working Condi ons  100% 
15  Provide details of any correc ve ac on taken or 
underway to address safety -related incidents (if 
any) and on signiﬁcant risks / concerns arising 
from assessments of health & safety prac ces 
and working condi ons.
 
Nil 
 
Leadership Indicators
 
1
 
Does the en ty extend any life insurance or any 
compensatory package in the event of death of 
(A) Employees (Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).
 Yes
 
2
 
Provide the measures undertaken by the en ty 
to ensure that statutory dues have been 
deducted and deposited by the 
 
value chain partners.
 
To ensure that statutory dues are deducted and deposited by the 
value chain partners of the Company, the Company implements 
the following measures:
 
-
 
Compliance Monitoring: We closely monitor and track th e 
compliance related to statutory dues by our contractors who 
supply third-party resources. This includes verifying that all 
necessary deduc ons and deposits are made in accordance with 
applicable laws and regula ons.
 
-
 
Regular Checks: As part of our rou ne invoice processing 
checks, we speciﬁcally review and validate the deduc on and 
1032023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 107 =====
deposit of statutory dues by our value chain partners. This allows 
us to iden fy any discrepancies or non-compliance promptly.
 -
 
Contractual Obliga ons: Our contracts with value chain 
partners explicitly outline their responsibility to deduct and 
deposit statutory dues. We ensure that these contractual 
obliga ons are well-deﬁned and communicated eﬀec vely to all 
par es involved. - Collabora on and Communica on: We maintain open lines of 
communica on with our value chain partners, providing 
guidance and support regarding the correct deduc on and 
deposit of statutory dues.This collabora ve approach ensures 
that everyone involved is well-informed and aligned with 
regulatory requirements. 
3  Provide the number of employees / workers having suﬀered high consequence work - related injury / ill-health / 
fatali es (as reported in Q11 of Essen al Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment: 
  
Total no. of aﬀected  
employees/workers  
No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated 
and placed in suitable employment or whose 
family members have been placed in suitable 
employment 
FY 2023-24  FY 2022-23 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Employees  Nil  Nil  Nil Nil 
Workers  Nil  Nil  Nil Nil 
4  Does the en ty provide transi on assistance 
programs to facilitate con nued employability 
and the management of career endings 
resul ng from re rement or termina on of 
employment? (Yes/ No)
 
No 
5
 
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
 
  % of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that 
were assessed
 
Health and safety prac ces
 
Nil
 
Working Condi ons
 
Nil
 
6
 
Provide details of any correc ve ac ons taken 
or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from assessments of health and 
safety prac ces and working condi ons of value 
chain partners.
 
Nil
 
 
104
===== PAGE 108 =====
PRINCIPLE  4:  Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
 Essen al Indicators
 1
  
Describe the 
processes for 
iden fying key 
stakeholder groups 
of the en ty.
 
The Company iden ﬁes individuals or groups impacted by its ac vi es and
 
recognizes their 
signiﬁcance in adding value to its business chain, both presently and in the future. Accordingly, 
key stakeholders iden ﬁed by the Company include customers, investors, government 
en  es, shareholders, regulators, value chain partner s, and employees. Orchid acknowledges 
the impact of its policies, decisions, products, services, and opera ons on these stakeholders. 
Aligned with its policies, prac ces, and procedures, Orchid ac vely engages with its 
stakeholders to address diﬀerence s in a just, fair, equitable, and consistent manner, and 
implements correc ve ac ons when necessary. The Company also collaborates with relevant 
stakeholders to enhance sustainable and responsible business prac ces.
 2
 
List stakeholder groups iden ﬁed
 
as key for your en ty and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder 
group.
 
  
Stakeholder 
Group
 
Whether 
iden ﬁed as 
Vulnerable 
& 
Marginalize
d Group 
(Yes/No)
 
Channels of communica on (Email, SMS, 
Newspaper, Pamphlets, Adver sement, 
Community Mee ngs, No ce Board, 
Website), Other
 
Frequency 
of 
 engagemen
t 
(Annually/
 Half yearly/ 
Quarterly/
 others –
 please 
specify)
 
Purpose and scope of 
engagement 
including key topics 
and concerns raised 
during such 
engagement
 
1
 
Shareholders 
& Investors
 
No
 
Annual General Mee ng, email, Stock 
Exchange (SE) in ma ons, 
investor/analysts meet/conference calls, 
annual reports, quarterly results, media 
releases and Company's website.
 
Ongoing
 
Share price 
movement, dividends, 
proﬁtability and 
ﬁnancial stability, 
climate change risks, 
cyber risks and 
growth prospects etc.
 2
 
Employees
 
No
 
Senior leaders’ communica on/talk 
/forum, Employee Communica on (CEO 
Online), goal se ng and performance 
appraisal mee ngs/ review, arbitra on, 
wellness ini a ves, engagement survey, 
email, intranet, websites, poster 
campaigns, circulars, a quarterly 
publica on, and newsle ers
 
Ongoing
 
Opera onal 
eﬃciencies, 
improvement areas, 
long-term strategy 
plans, training and 
awareness, 
responsible 
marke ng, brand 
communica on, 
health, safety and 
engagement 
ini a ves
 
3
 
Customers
 
No
 
Website, complaints management, 
helpdesk, conferences, customer surveys, 
face-toface mee ngs, E-mail, Customer 
feedbacks
 
Ongoing
 
Customers form a 
vital part of the 
Company’s 
stakeholder 
engagement group to 
ensure quality 
services. The key 
areas of interest for 
customers are new 
products and 
regula ons.
 
1052023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 109 =====
4  Suppliers/Value 
Chain Partners  
No  Vendor meets, Virtual modes such as e-mail, 
telephonically 
Ongoing Quality,  mely delivery 
and 
payments, ESG 
considera on 
(sustainability, safety 
checks, 
compliances, ethical 
behaviour), ISO and 
OHSAS 
standards, 
collabora on and 
digitalisa on 
opportuni es 
5  Governments  No  Advocacy mee ngs with local/state/ na onal 
government and ministries, seminars, media 
releases, conferences. 
Ongoing Helps and guides in 
terms of 
connec ng with Govt. 
Schemes in the same 
area 
for increased 
eﬀec veness, 
changes in regulatory 
frameworks, skill and 
capacity building, 
employment, 
environmental 
measures), policy 
advocacy, 
 mely contribu on to 
exchequer/ local 
infrastructure, 
proac ve engagement. 
 Leadership Indicators 1  Provide the processes for consulta on between stakeholders and the board on economic, environmental, and 
social topics or if consulta on is delegated, how is feedback from such consulta ons provided to the board. 
At Orchid, the stakeholder engagement mechanism is a key driving force towards strengthening and diversifying 
the stakeholder rela onship, which further facilitates the iden ﬁca on of key material issues impac n g the 
Company’s growth. The stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment exercise conducted in FY 2023 -24 led 
to the priori za on of material issues, mapping of the risks relevant to each material topic, and development of 
consequent risk mi ga on steps. The primary outcome of the stakeholder engagement exercise resulted in the 
iden ﬁca on and priori za on of material issues relevant to environmental, social, governance, and economic 
aspects. The iden ﬁed material issues were presented to th e highest governing member and the Board for their 
feedback and guidance on strategizing the sustainable growth model of the Company. As part of the Company’s 
eﬀorts to con nually engage with internal and external stakeholder g roups for the iden ﬁca on of key material 
issues impac ng them, the stakeholder engagement exercise undergoes periodic review. 
2  Whether stakeholder consulta on is used to support the iden ﬁca on and management of environmental, and 
social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how he inputs received from stakeholders on these 
topics were incorporated into policies and ac vi es of the en ty. 
Yes, Orchid has always maintained a regular and proac ve engagement with the Com pany's key stakeholders, 
allowing it to eﬀec vely work on its ESG strategies and be transparent about the outcomes. In response to current 
regula ons and interac ons with stakeholders, the Company performs periodic evalua ons to update and reissue 
policies as needed.  
3  Provide details of instances of engagement with, and ac ons taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ 
marginalized stakeholder groups.  
Not Applicable  
 
106
===== PAGE 110 =====
PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
 Essential Indicators
 1
 
Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the en ty, in the 
following format:
 
Category
 
FY 2023-24
        (Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23 
         (Previous Financial Year)
 Total 
(A)
 
No. employee’s
 workers covered 
(B)
 
% (B/A)
 
Total 
(C)
 
No. employee’s
 workers 
covered (D)
 
 
% (D/C)
 
Employees
 Permanent
 
871
 
0
 
0%
 
849
 
0
 
0%
 Other than 
permanent
 
52
 
0
 
0%
 
92
 
0
 
0%
 Total 
Employees  923  0  0% 941 0 0% Workers 
Permanent  0  0  0% 0 0 0% Other than 
permanent  0  0  0% 0 0 0% 
Total 
Employees  0  0  0% 0 0 0% 
2  Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format: 
Category  
FY 2023-24         
(Current Financial Year)  
FY 2022-23          
(Previous Financial Year) 
Total 
(A)  
Equal to Minimum 
Wage  
More than 
Minimum Wage 
Total (D) 
Equal to 
Minimum 
Wage 
More than 
Minimum 
Wage 
No.  
(B)  
%  
(B/A)  
No. (C) %  
(C/A) 
No. 
(E) 
% 
(E/D) 
No. 
(F) 
% 
(F/D) 
Employees 
Permanent  871  -  -  871 100% 849 - - 849 100% 
Male  846  -  -  846 100% 823 - - 823 100% 
Female  25  -  -  25 100% 26 - - 26 100% 
Other than  
permanent  52  52  100%  - - 92 92 100% - - 
Male  50  50  100%  - - 90 90 100% - - 
Female  2  2  100%  - - 2 2 100% - - 
Workers
 
Permanent
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
-
 
Male
 
-
 
                    
-
    
                                     
-
    
                                
-
 
-
 
-
 
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                   
-
 
-
 
Female
 
                   
-
    
             
-
    
                                     
-
    
                                 
-
    
                                
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
Other than 
 
permanent
 
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                                     
-
    
                                 
-
    
                                
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
Male
 
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                                     
-
    
                                 
-
    
                                
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
Female
 
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                                     
-
    
                                 
-
    
                                
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
                    
-
    
  
1072023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 111 =====
3
 
Details of remunera on/salary/wages, in the following format:
 a
 
  
Male
 
Female
 
Number
 
Median 
remunera on/salary/wages 
of respec ve category
 
Number
 
Median 
remunera on/ salary/ 
wages of respec ve 
category
 Board of Directors (BoD)
 
2
 
3,55,10,053
 
0
 
-
 Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP
 
2
 
33,72,730
 
0
 
-
 Employees other than BoD 
and KMP
 
894
 
45,792
 
27
 
27,777
 b
 
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
 
paid by the en ty, in the following format:
 
      
FY 2023-24
        
(Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23 
         
(Previous Financial Year)
 
Gross wages paid to 
females as % of total 
wages
 
 
2.15%
 
2.61%
  4
 
Do you have a focal point (Individual/ 
Commi ee) responsible for addressing human 
rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to 
by the business? (Yes/No)
 
No
 5
 
Describe the internal mechanisms in place to 
redress grievances related to human rights 
issues.
 
Orchid understands the importance of hu man rights and is 
dedicated to upholding the human rights of its employees, 
communi es, and suppliers. Orchid has Whistle -Blower Policy in 
place to cater to all the complaints regarding human rights and 
the employees/ aﬃliates address their complaints o r grievances 
or report instances to the Vigilance and Ethics Oﬃcer of the 
Company. No reprisal or retaliatory ac on is taken against any 
employee/ aﬃliate for raising concerns under this policy.
 
6
 
Number of Complaints on the following made by employe es and workers:
 
  
FY 2023-24
 
FY 2022-23
 
Filed 
during
 
 
the 
year
 
Pending resolu on 
at the end of year
 
Remarks
 
Filed 
during
 
 
the year
 
Pending 
resolu on 
at the end 
of year
 
Remarks
 Sexual Harassment
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Discrimina on at workplace
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Child Labour
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Forced Labour/Involuntary 
 
Labour
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Wages
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Other human rights related 
issues
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
Nil
 
Nil
 
-
 
7
 
Complaints ﬁled under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Work place (Preven on, Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 
2013, in the following format:
 
  
FY 2023-24
 
(Current Financial Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 
(Previous Financial Year)
 
Total Complaints reported under 
Sexual Harassment on of Women 
at Workplace (Preven on, 
Prohibi on and Redressal) Act, 
2013 (POSH)
 
0
 
0
 Complaints on POSH as a % of 
female employees / workers
 
NA
 
NA
 
Complaints on POSH upheld NA NA
108
===== PAGE 112 =====
8
 
Mechanisms to prevent adverse 
consequences to the complainant in 
discrimina on and harassment cases.
 
The Company condemn all forms of discrimina on, harassment, and 
unfair prac ces, and provide complete protec on to complainants.
 
 To prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in 
discrimina on and harassment cases, the Company has established 
mechanisms in line with its POSH Policy. These mechanisms ensure 
that individuals who report such incidents are protected from unfair 
treatment.
 
 The company also has whistle blower
 
policy in place which ensures 
that no unfair treatment is done with the Whistleblower by v irtue of 
his/her having
 
reported a Protected Disclosure under the policy.
 9
 
Do human rights requirements form part of 
your business agreements and contracts? 
(Yes/No)  No 10  Assessments for the year:  
  
% of your plants and oﬃces that were assessed (by en ty or statutory 
authori es or third par es) 
Child labour  100% 
Forced/involuntary labour  100% 
Sexual harassment  100% 
Discrimina on at workplace  100% 
Wages  100% 
11  
Provide details of any correc ve ac ons taken 
or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from the assessments at 
Ques on 9 above.  
The Company operates in the employee/worker friendly manner. 
Based on internal assessments, no prac ce detrimental to the well-
being of the employees was iden ﬁed. Therefore, the re was no 
requirement for the correc ve ac on, hence, no correc ve ac on is 
underway. 
Leadership Indicators 
1  Details of a business process being  modiﬁed / 
introduced as a result of addressing human 
rights grievances/complaints.  
Not applicable as the Company has not received any human rights 
grievance/complaint. 
2  Details of the scope and coverage of any 
Human rights due-diligence conducted.  The Company has not conducted any Human rights due diligence 
during the FY 2023-24. 
3  Is the premise/oﬃce of  the en ty  accessible 
to diﬀerently  abled visitors, as per the 
requirements of the Rights of Persons with 
Disabili es Act, 2016?
 
Yes, most of the loca ons of the company are accessible to 
diﬀerently abled persons. 
4
 
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
 
  % of value chain partners (by value of business done with such 
partners) that were assessed
 
Sexual Harassment
 
During the FY 2023-24, the Company has not performed any 
assessment of value chain partners with respect to the following 
points.
 
Discrimina on at workplace
 
Child Labour
 
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
 
Wages
 
5
 
Provide details of any correc ve ac ons taken 
or underway to address signiﬁcant risks / 
concerns arising from the assessments at 
Ques on 4 above.
 Not Applicable
 
1092023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 113 =====
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
 PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make eﬀorts to protect and restore the environment
 Essen al Indicators
 1.
 
Details of total energy consump on (in Joules or mul ples) an d energy intensity, in the following format:
 
  
FY 24
 Current Financial Year
 
FY 23
 Previous Financial 
Year
 From renewable sources (in Gigajoules)
 Total electricity consump on (A)
 
-
 
-
 Total fuel consump on (B)
 
-
 
-
 Energy consump on through other sources (C)
 
-
 
-
 Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)
 
-
 
-
 
 
From non-renewable sources (in Gigajoules)
 
 
Total electricity consump on (D)
 
208948.2185
 
94802
 
 
Total fuel consump on (E)
 
8807.7987
 
322.29
 
 
Energy consump on through other sources (F)
  
50843
 
 
Total energy consumed from non -renewable sources (D+E+F)
 
217756.0172
 
145967.29
 
 
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
 
217756.0172
 
145967.29
 
 
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 
 (Total energy consumed (GJ) / Revenue from opera ons)
 
0.00002657603002
 
0.0000219204
 
 
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) (Total energy consumed (GJ) / Revenue from 
opera ons adjusted for PPP)**
 
9517.308443
 
12759.3785
 
 
Energy intensity in terms of physical o utput (GJ/MT of produc on)
 
420.930985
 
760.1869125
 
 
Energy intensity (op onal) –
 
the relevant metric may be selected 
by
 the en ty
 
  
 
**The revenue from opera ons has been adjusted for PPP based on the latest PPP conversion factor published for 
the year 2022 by World Bank for India which is 22.88
 
 
Indicate if any independent assessment/evalua on/
by an external agency? (Y/N)
 
Assurance has been carried out (Yes/No) : No
 
 Name of external agency: Not applicable
 2. 
 
Does the en ty have any sites/facili es iden ﬁed as 
designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, 
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of 
India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under 
the PAT sche me have been achieved. In case targets 
have not been achieved, provide the remedial ac on 
taken, if any.
 
Have sites? (Yes/No) : No
 
 Targets achieved? (Yes/No) : No
 
 In case targets have not been achieved, provide the 
remedial ac on taken, if any:
 
Not Applicable
 3.
 
Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
 Parameter
 
FY 24 -
 
Current Financial Year
 
FY 23
 Previous Financial Year
 Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
 (i)
 
Surface water
 
0
 
0
 (ii)
 
Groundwater
 
0
 
148413
 (iii)          Third Party Water (Tanker 
Water)
 
170089
 
0
 (iv)         Seawater/desalinated 
water
 
0
 
0
 (v)
 
Others
 
0
 
0
 Total
 
volume
 
of
 
water
 
withdrawal
 (in
 
kilolitres)
 
(i
 
+
 
ii
 
+
 
iii
 
+
 
iv
 
+
 
v)
 
170089
 
148413
 Total
 
volume
 
of
 
water
 consump on
 
(in
 
kilolitres)
 
170089
 
254402
 
assurance has been carried out 
If yes, name of the external agency.
110
===== PAGE 114 =====
Water intensity per rupee of 
turnover (Total Water consump on 
/ Revenue from opera ons) 
KL/Turnover 
 
0.00002075850959
 
0.00003820423487
 
Water intensity per rupee of 
turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP)
 
(Total water 
consump on / Revenue from 
opera ons adjusted for PPP)
 
7433.95979
 
11118.96853
 
Water intensity in terms of physical 
output (KL/MT of Produc on)
 
328.7887574
 
382.0423487
 Water intensity (Op onal) –
 
the 
relevant metric may be selected by 
the en ty 
 
  
Indicate if any independent 
assessment/evalua on/assurance 
has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.
 
Has been carried out by an external agency (Yes/No): No
 
 Name of external agency: Not Applicable
 
4.
 
Provide the following details related to water discharged:
 Parameter
 
FY 24 -
 
Current Financial Year
 
FY 23 -
 
Previous Financial Year
 Water discharge by des na on and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
 (i)
 
To Surface water
   -
 
No treatment
 
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify 
level of treatment
 
0
 
0
 (ii)
 
To Groundwater
   -
 
No treatment
 
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify 
level of treatment
 
0
 
0
 
(iii)            To Seawater
   -
 
No treatment
 
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify 
level of treatment
 
0
 
0
 
(iv)             Sent to third-par es 
   -
 
No treatment
 
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify 
level of treatment
 
0
 
0
 
(v)
 
Others
   -
 
No treatment
 
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify 
level of treatment
 
0
 
0
 
Total water discharged (in 
kilolitres)
 
0
 
0
 
Indicate if any independent 
assessment/evalua on/assurance 
has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.
 
Assurance has been carried out by an external agency (Yes/No) : No
 Name of external agency:
 
Not Applicable
 
5.
 
Has the en ty implemented a 
mechanism for Zero Liquid 
Discharge? If yes, provide details of 
its coverage and implementa on. 
Mechanism 
implemented?(Yes/No):
 
The company employs a zero liquid discharge (ZLD) eﬄuent trea tment plant, 
which includes advanced components such as a Membrane Bio Reactor 
(MBR), Reverse Osmosis (RO) system, Solvent Stripping Column, Thermal 
Evaporators (both Single Eﬀect and Mul ple Eﬀect Evaporators -
 
MEE), and a 
Dryer plant. These integrated
 
technologies treat the en re volume of trade 
eﬄuent, allowing for its complete recycling back into the u lity processes.
 
 1112023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 115 =====
6.
 
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the en ty, in the following format:
 Parameter
 
Please 
specify unit
 
FY 24 -
 
Current Financial Year
 
FY 23 -
 
Previous Financial 
Year
 NOx
 
µg/m3 
 
20
 
105
 SOx
 
µg/m3 
 
17
 
47
 Par culate ma er (PM)
 
µg/m3 
 
59
 
37
 Persistent organic pollutants ma er 
(POP)
 
µg/m3 
 
-
 
-
 
Vola le organic compounds (VOC)
 
µg/m3
 
-
 
-
 Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
 
µg/m3
 
-
 
-
 Others –
 
please specify
 
µg/m3
 
-
 
-
 Indicate if any independent 
assessment/evalua on/assurance 
has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.  
Assurance has been carried out by an external agency(Yes/No) : No
 
 Name of external agency: Not Applicable
 
7.  Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following 
format:  Parameter  Unit  FY24 -  Current Financial Year 
FY23* -  Previous Financial 
Year 
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break -up of the GHG 
into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)  
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent 
339.9385083 
  
4594 
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break -up of the GHG 
into CO2,  
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)  
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent 
41557.47901 381028 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
per rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG emissions/Revenue from opera ons)  
Metric tonnes 
of 
CO2equivalent / 
Turnover 
0.000005113369725 0.00005790989638 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP) (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions/Revenue from opera ons 
adjusted for PPP)  
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent / 
rupee turnover 
adjusted for 
PPP 
1831.180836 16854.10839 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in 
terms of physical output (Total Emissions / MT 
produc on)
 
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent/ MT 
of produc on
 
80.98936348 1004.145509 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
(op onal) –
 
the relevant metric may be selected 
by the en ty
 
NA
 
For es ma on of Scope 1 GHG emissions, we have referred 2006 IPCC Guidelines for Na onal Greenhouse Gas 
Inventories and IPCC Fi h Assessment Report
 
for GWP values. For es ma on of scope 2 GHG emissions, the 
emission factors prescribed as per CO2 Baseline Database for the Indian Power Sector, published by Central 
Electricity Authority (CEA), Ministry of Power, Government of India, has been considere d.
 
Indicate if any independent 
assessment/evalua on/assurance has 
been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.
 
Assurance has been carried out by an external agency(Yes/No) : No
 
 
Name of external agency: Not Applicable
 
 
112
===== PAGE 116 =====
8.
 
Does the en ty have any project 
related to reducing Green House Gas 
emission? If Yes, then provide details. 
Have project? (Yes/No): Yes
 
Yes, the Company is ac vely engaged in several projects aimed at reducing 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. These
 
ini a ves focus on conserving 
energy and op mizing resource usage within our manufacturing facili es. 
Below are some key measures we have undertaken:
 
 Energy Conserva on Ini a ves:
 Power Consump on Reduc on: We have enhanced our manufacturing 
processes to boost energy eﬃciency, beneﬁ ng all products in terms of 
power consump on per kilogram of Ac ve Pharmaceu cal Ingredients 
(APIs).
 
 Water and Energy Reduc on Measures: While our products do not 
broadly aﬀect consumer energy and water usag e, we consistently work on 
reducing our own consump on. 
 Eﬄuent Streamlining: We are op mizing eﬄuent streams to lower energy 
usage in our Ecology plant. For example, hal ng certain opera ons has led 
to notable energy and steam savings. 
 
Opera onal Controls: Implemen ng opera onal controls for pumps and 
fans based on plant opera ons has resulted in further energy savings. 
 
Cooling Circuit Op miza on: 
We have achieved considerable energy savings by op mizing power 
consump on in our cooling circuits, using temperature-based cutoﬀs for 
radiator fans, improving Plate Heat Exchangers (PHE), and managing chill 
water pumps according to plant needs. 
 
Renewable Energy Trials: 
We are experimen ng with renewable energy fuels, such as rice husk, in 
our  boilers to reduce coal usage, eﬀec vely replacing a por on of our coal 
consump on. 
 
Insula on Improvements: 
Improving insula on in our refrigera on systems has led to signiﬁcant 
energy savings. 
 
Compressed Air and Nitrogen Leak Preven on:
 
Conducting air audits and addressing leaks in compressed air and nitrogen 
systems across our plant has resulted in substan al energy savings.
 
 
Solvent Recovery Facility:
 
Our solvent recovery facility, equipped with mul ple dis lla on columns, 
extracts, washes, and recovers impure solvents from API produc on. A 
large percentage of the feed is recycled as pure/recovered solvent, 
reducing the need for fresh solvents. The dis lla on process is managed 
through advanced systems like DCS, PLC, and SCADA, ensuring safety and 
eﬃciency. The puriﬁed solvent mixtures are then reused in produc on, 
minimizing the requirement for new solvents.
 
 
9.  Provide details related to waste management by the en ty, in the following format: 
Parameter  FY 24 –  
Current Financial Year 
FY 23 -  
Previous Financial Year 
 
1132023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 117 =====
   
 
  
 Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
 Plas c waste (A)
 
0
 
0
 E-waste (B)
 
0
 
0
 Bio-medical Waste (C)
 
0.12
 
1.858
 Construc on and Demoli on Waste (D)
 
0
 
0
 Ba ery Waste (E)
 
182.35
 
185
 Radioac ve Waste (F)
 
0
 
0
 Other Hazardous Waste. Please specify, if any. (G)
 
-
 
-
 Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, 
if any. (Break-up by composi on i.e. by materials relevant 
to the sector)
 
11.36
 
12.83
 
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H)
 
193.83
 
200
 Waste intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total Waste generated/Revenue from opera ons) 
MT/Turnover  
0.00000002365597959 0.00000003003453972 
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for 
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total Waste 
generated/Revenue  from opera ons adjusted for PPP)  
8.471590909 8.741258741 
Waste intensity in terms of physical output waste (MT/ MT 
of Produc on)  
0.3746810485 0.3003453972 
Waste intensity (op onal) -the relevant metric may be 
selected by the en ty  
- - 
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re -using or other recovery 
opera ons (in metric tonnes)  
Category of waste    
(i)  Recycled  89.61 179.63 
(ii)  Re-Used  0 0 
(iii)  Other recovery opera ons  0 0 
Total  89.61 179.63 
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes) 
Category of waste    
(i)  Incinera on  68.52 55.9 
(ii)  Landﬁlling  1176.37 1110.47 
(iii) Other disposal opera ons  0 0 
Total  1244.89 1166.37 
Indicate if any independent 
assessment/evalua on/ assurance has 
been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external 
agency.
 
Assurance has been carried out by an external agency(Yes/No): No 
Name of external agency:
 
Not Applicable
 
10
 
Brieﬂy describe the waste management 
prac ces adopted in your 
establishments. Describe the strategy 
adopted by your company to reduce 
usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals 
in your products and processes and the 
prac ces adopted to manage such 
wastes.
 
Yes. The Company operates a highly eﬃcient solvent recovery facility equipped with 
thirty dis lla on columns and addi onal extrac on and washing capabili es. Impure 
solvents and mother liquor collected from API produc on are processed, with about 95% 
of the feed being recycled back as pure, recovered solvent.
The aqueous layer resul ng from the dis lla on is directed to the Eﬄuent Treatment 
Plant for further processing. Solid wastes generated during dis lla on are collected and 
disposed of in compliance with regula ons. The solvent recovery process is me culously 
controlled through advanced systems like DCS, PLC, and SCADA, which manage 
temperature, ﬂow, and pressure with integrated process and safety interlocks. Solvent 
storage tanks and systems are nitrogen-blanketed for safe opera on.
In the solvent recovery facility, solvent mixtures are separated from the mother liquor 
using various types of dis lla on columns (atmospheric and vacuum), operated at 
diﬀerent temperatures based on the boiling points of the solvents. A er dis lla on, 
the puriﬁed solvents are collected in a tank and reused in produc on, thereby 
reducing the need for fresh solvents.
114
===== PAGE 118 =====
11.
 
If the en ty has opera ons/oﬃces in/around ecologically sensi ve areas ( such as na onal parks, wildlife 
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regula on zones etc.) where 
environmental approvals/ clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
 S.
 No.
 
Loca on
 
of
 opera ons/oﬃces
 
Type
 
of
 
opera ons
 
Whether the condi ons of environmental approval/ 
clearance
 
are
 
being
 
complied
 
with?
 
(Y/N)
 
If
 
no,
 
the 
reasons
 
thereof
 
and
 
correc ve
 
ac on
 
taken,
 
if
 
any.
 -
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 12.
 
Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the en ty based on applicable laws, in the 
current ﬁnancial year:
 Name
 
and
 
brief 
details
 
of
 project
 
EIA
 
No ﬁca on 
No.
 
Date
 
Whether
 conducted
 
by 
independent
 external 
agency
 (Yes/No)
 
Results
 communicated
 
in 
public
 
doma in
 (Yes/No)
 
Relevant
 
Web
 link
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 
NA
 No EIA project was undertaken during the current FY
 13.  Is the en ty compliant with the applicable environmental 
law/regula ons/guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Preven on and Control of Pollu on) Act, Air (Preven on 
and Control of Pollu on) Act, Environment Protec on Act 
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all 
such non-compliances, in the following format: 
Yes, Orchid Pharma is fully compliant with all applicable 
environmental laws, regula ons, and guidelines in India. 
These include, but are not limited to, the Water (Preven on 
and Control of Pollu on) Act, the Air (Preven on and 
Control of Pollu on) Act, and the Environment Protec on 
Act and the rules thereunder. Our adherence to these 
regula ons reﬂects our commitment to maintaining high 
environmental standards and ensuring sustainable 
opera ons across all our facili es. 
S.  No.  Specify the 
law/regula on/ 
guidelines  which  
was  not  complied  
Provide details of the 
non- compliance 
Any 
ﬁnes/penal es/ac on 
taken by regulatory 
agencies such as 
pollu on control 
boards or by courts 
Correc ve ac on 
taken, if any 
-  NA  NA NA NA 
 Leadership Indicators 
1.  Water withdrawal, consump on and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres): 
(i)  Name of the area:   
(ii)               Nature of opera ons: Pharmaceu cals manufacturing 
(iii)  Water withdrawal, consump on and discharge in the following format: 
Parameter
 
Unit
 
FY 24 -
 
Current Financial Year
 
FY 23 -
 
Previous Financial 
Year
 
(i)
 
Surface water
 
KL
 
0
 
0
 
(ii)
 
Groundwater
 
KL
 
0
 
148413
 
(iii)            Third Party Water 
 
KL
 
170089
 
0
 
(iv)            Seawater/desalinated water
 
KL
 
0
 
0
 
(v)
 
Others
 
KL
 
0
 
0
 
Total
 
volume
 
of
 
water
 
withdrawal
 
(in
 
kilolitres)
 
(i
 
+
 
ii
 
+
 
iii
 
+
 
iv
 
+
 
v)
 KL
 
170089
  
148413
 
Total
 
volume
 
of
 
water
 
consump on
 
(in
 
kilolitres)
 KL
 
170089
  
254402
 
Water intensity per rupee of turnover 
(Total Water consump on / Revenue 
from opera ons) KL/Turnover 
 KL / INR 
Turnover 
 0.00002075850959
  
0.00003820423487
 
    
1152023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 119 =====
Water intensity (Op onal) –
 
the relevant 
metric may be selected by the en ty 
 
 
0
 
0
 
Water discharge by des na on and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
 (i)
 
To Surface water
    -
 
No treatment
  
0
 
0
 -
 
With treatment –
 
please specify level of 
treatment
 
 
0
 
0
 
(ii)  To Groundwater     -  No treatment   0 0 -  With treatment –  please specify level of 
treatment  
 0 0 
(iii)            To Seawater     
-  No treatment   0 0 
-  With treatment –  please specify level of 
treatment  
 0 0 
(iv)             Sent to third-par es     
-  No treatment   0 0 
-  With treatment –  please specify level of 
treatment  
 0 0 
(v)  Others     
-  No treatment   0 0 
-  With treatment –  please specify level of 
treatment  
 0 0 
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)   0 0 
Indicate if any independent assessment/evalua on/ 
assurance has been carried out by an external agency? 
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.  
Assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency(Yes/No): No 
Name of external agency: Not Applicable 
3.  With respect to the ecologically sensi ve areas reported 
at Ques on 11 of Essen al Indicators above, provide 
details of signiﬁcant direct & indirect impact of the en ty 
on biodiversity in such areas  along with preven on and 
remedia on ac vi es.  
Orchid Pharma is deeply commi ed to upholding 
regulatory environmental compliance and ethical 
standards across all opera onal domains. Though our 
facili es are located in industrial areas, with limited 
impact on biodiversity, we are dedicated to con nually 
enhancing our prac ces to minimize environmental 
footprint and promote biodiversity conserva on. 
 
2.  Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format: Parameter  Unit  FY 24-Current Financial Year FY 23-Previous Financial 
Year  
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG  
into  CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if  
available)  
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent 
- - 
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover  Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent/ 
Turnover 
- - 
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (op onal) –  
the relevant metric may be selected by the 
en ty  
Metric tonnes 
of CO2 
equivalent/MT 
of produc on 
- - 
Indicate if any independent assessment/evalua on/ assurance 
has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name 
of the external agency.  
Assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency(Yes/No): No 
Name of external agency: Not Applicable 
 
116
===== PAGE 120 =====
 
2
 
Sewage Treatment 
Plant (STP)
 
Implementa on of an STP at the manufacturing 
units for trea ng domes c eﬄuent. The treated 
water is reused for gardening purposes.
 
Eﬃcient reuse of water and 
reduc on in domes c 
eﬄuent discharge.
 3
 
Zero Liquid Discharge 
(ZLD)
 
Adop on of ZLD techniques to ensure no liquid 
waste is discharged from our facili es.
 
Elimina on of liquid waste 
discharge and maximized 
water reuse.
 4
 
Hazardous Waste Co-
processing
 
Conver ng hazardous waste like Spent Sulphuric 
Acid, Sodium Sulphate into useful products with 
partnerships with authorized end users. Disposal of 
hazardous waste to the cement industry for co-
processing (as an alterna ve fuel/raw material).
 
Conver ng hazardous 
waste like Spent Sulphuric 
Acid, Sodium Sulphate into 
useful products with 
partnerships with 
authorized end users. 
Disposal of hazardous 
waste to the cement 
industry for co-processing 
(as an alterna ve fuel/raw 
material).
 5
 
Rainwater Harves ng
 
Implementa on of rainwater harves ng systems 
across our facili es to capture and u lize rainwater 
eﬀec vely. The harvested rainwater undergoes 
ini al treatment in our ETP before reuse.
 
Maintenance of 
groundwater
 
levels and 
reduced dependency on 
external water sources.
 6
 
Air Quality 
Management
 
Installa on of scrubbers to remove contaminants 
from plant emissions.
 
Improved air quality and 
healthier workplace 
environment.
 7
 
Screening and 
Replacement of 
Hazardous
 
Chemicals
 
Rigorous screening of raw materials to ensure 
compliance with safety and environmental 
standards. Seeking alterna ve ingredients that are 
less harmful without compromising product quality.
 
Reduc on in the usage of 
hazardous and toxic 
chemicals, enhancing 
product safety and 
environmental compliance.
5. 
 
Does the en ty have a business 
con nuity and disaster management 
plan? Give details in 100 words/web 
link.
 
4.  If the en ty has undertaken any speciﬁc ini a ves or used innova ve technology or solu ons to improve resource 
eﬃciency, or reduce impact due to emissions/eﬄuent discharge/waste generated, please provide details of the 
same as well as outcome of such ini a ves, as per the following format: 
 S.No.  Ini a ve undertaken  Details of the ini a ve (Web-link, if any, may be 
provided along with summary) 
Outcome of the ini a ve 
1  Eﬄuent Treatment 
Plant (ETP)  
Installa on of an ETP at each of the manufacturing 
units for trea ng industrial eﬄuent. The treated 
water is reused for gardening purposes. 
Conserva on of water 
resources and reduc on in 
industrial eﬄuent 
discharge. 
 
Business Con nuity Plans (BCP) are essen al for ensuring that a company can 
recover from disrup ons in produc on ac vi es. For manufacturing plants, the 
speciﬁc objec ves of BCP include iden fying various threats that could interrupt 
business opera ons. It involves establishing advanced arrangements and 
procedures that enable rapid response to emergencies, ensuring the con nuous 
opera on of cri cal business func ons. The plan aims to minimize employee 
injuries, prevent loss of life, and reduce damage and losses. It also focuses on 
protec ng essen al facili es, equipment, vital records, and other assets.
BCP requires iden fying crisis response teams and outlining their speciﬁc 
responsibili es. Eﬀec ve decision-making processes are crucial to restoring 
opera ons promptly. The plan includes iden fying alterna ve ac ons to mi gate 
or minimize the eﬀects of the crisis and shorten response  mes. It quan ﬁes the 
poten al impact of various events in terms of ﬁnancial loss,  me, business 
disrup on, and workforce impact. The goal is to ensure a swi  recovery from 
emergencies and the  mely resump on of full-scale manufacturing. Addi onally, 
maintaining the quality of products, protec ng the customer base, and preserving 
the company's brand during emergencies are cri cal components of the plan.
1172023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 121 =====
7.  Percentage of value chain partners (by 
value of business done with such 
partners) that were assessed for 
environmental impacts.  
Nil  
 
6.  Disclose any signiﬁcant adverse impact 
to the environment, arising from the 
value chain of the en ty. What 
mi ga on or adapta on measures 
have been taken by the en ty in this 
regard.  
No signiﬁcant adverse impact has been observed from the value chain, 
pertaining to environment. As an adapta on measure, we assess the 
cri cal vendors based on ESG parameters and have implemented vendor 
engagement programs to improve their capabili es, wherever required. 
 
118
===== PAGE 122 =====
PRINCIPLE 7 Businesses, when engaging in inﬂuencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent Essen al Indicators 1  a.  Number of aﬃlia ons with trade and industry chambers/ associa ons 
Nil, During the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March 2024, the Company was not associated with any industry 
chambers/associa ons.  
b.    List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ assoc ia ons (determined based on the total members of such 
body) the en ty is a member of/ aﬃliated to 
S. No.  
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ 
associa ons  
Reach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associa ons 
(State/Na onal) 
Not Applicable 
2  Provide details of correc ve ac on taken or underway on any issues related to an  -compe  ve conduct by the en ty, 
based on adverse orders from regulatory authori es.  
Name of 
authority  Brief of the case  Correc ve ac on taken 
Nil 
Leadership Indicators 
1  Details of public policy posi ons advocated by the en ty:  
  Public policy  
advocated  Method resorted  
 for such advocacy  
Whether 
informa on 
 available in 
public domain? 
(Yes/No) 
Frequency of Review by 
Board (Annually/ Half 
yearly/Quarterly/ 
Others – please specify) 
Web Link,  
if available 
Nil
 
 
1192023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 123 =====
PRINCIPLE 8   Businesses   should   promote   inclusive   growth   and equitable development
 
Essen al Indicators
 
1
 
Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the en ty b ased on applicable laws, in the 
current ﬁnancial year.
 
Name   and   brief details
 
 
of project
 
SIA
 No ﬁca o
n No.
 
Date of 
 no ﬁca on
 
Whether 
conducted
 by 
independe
nt 
 external 
agency 
 
 
(Yes /No)
 
Results 
 communicate
d 
 in public 
domain
 (Yes / No)
 
Relevant Web 
link
 
Not Applicable
 
 2
 
Provide informa on on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilita on and Rese lement (R&R) is being undertaken by 
your en ty, in the following format:
 
 
S.No
.  
Name of Project for
 which R&R is ongoing  
State  District 
No. of 
Project 
 Aﬀected 
Families  (PAFs) 
% of PAFs 
covered 
 by R&R 
Amounts paid 
to 
 PAFs in the FY 
(In INR) 
 
Not Applicable  
3  Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.  
The company visits the nearby communi es perio dically to engage with them and redress their concerns and 
grievances. All community issues are adequately monitored and resolved on  me. 
   
 
4  Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:  
Parameter  
FY 2023-24 
(Current Financial 
Year) 
FY 2022-23 
(Previous Financial 
Year) 
 
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers  23.59% 21.24%  
Directly from within India   52.25% 46.96%   
5  Job crea on in smaller towns  
Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a permanent or non -
permanent / on contract basis) in the following loca ons, as % of total wage cost
 
 
Loca on
 
FY 2023-24
 
(Current Financial 
Year)
 
FY 2022-23
 
(Previous Financial 
Year)
 
 
Rural
 
46%
 
44%
  
Semi-Urban
 
22%
 
22%
  
Urban
 
20%
 
21%
  
Metropolitan
 
12%
 
13%
  
Leadership Indicators
  
1
 
Provide details of ac ons taken to mi gate any nega ve social impacts iden ﬁed in the Social Impact Assessments 
 
(Reference: Ques on 1 of Essen al Indicators above):
 
 
 
Details of nega ve social impact iden ﬁed
 
Correc ve ac on taken
  
Not Applicable
  
  
 
 
120
===== PAGE 124 =====
2
 
Provide the following informa on on CSR projects undertaken by your en ty in
 
designated aspira onal districts as 
iden ﬁed by government bodies:
 
 
 S.No
 
State
 
Aspira onal District
 
Amount spent (In 
INR)
 
 Nil
  3
 
a.
 
Do you have a preferen al procurement policy where you give 
preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginalized/vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
 
No, the Company does not have any 
preferen al procurement policy 
focusing on suppliers from 
marginalized/vulnerable groups.
 
 
b.
 
From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
 
Not Applicable
  
c.
 
What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it 
cons tute?
 
Not Applicable
 
 4
 
Details
 
of the beneﬁts derived and shared from the intellectual proper es owned or acquired by your en ty (in the 
current ﬁnancial year), based on tradi onal knowledge:
 
 
 S. 
No.
 
Intellectual Property based on
 tradi onal knowledge
 
Owned/ Acquired 
(Yes/No)
 
Beneﬁt shared (Yes / 
No)
 
Basis of 
calcula ng 
beneﬁt
 share
 
 
Nil
  5
 
Details of correc ve ac ons taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes 
wherein usage of tradi onal knowledge is involved.
 
 
Name of authority
 
Brief of the Case
 
Correc ve ac on taken
  
Not Applicable  6  Details of beneﬁciaries of CSR Projects:   
S. 
No.  
CSR Project  
No.  of   persons beneﬁ ed  
 from CSR Projects 
% of beneﬁciaries from vulnerable and 
marginalized groups 
 
CSR projects undertaken by the company are focused on reaching out to and helping those in need. Company has 
undertaken CSR ini a ves for the local community around the manufacturing unit. Ini a ves are listed below: 
-  De clogging of water during Monsoon season with the help of JCBs, 
-  Food Distribu on for underprivileged communi es,  
-  Funeral expenses support to the locals near manufacturing unit 
Company is not able to es mate the no. of beneﬁciaries.  
 
 
 
 
1212023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 125 =====
PRINCIPLE 9 Businesses should engage with and pr ovide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
 Essen al Indicators
 1
 
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer 
complaints and feedback.
 
A well-established system is in place 
for dealing with customer feedback 
and complaints. Customers are 
provided mul ple op ons to 
connect with the Company through 
email, telephone, website, social 
media, feedback forms, etc.
 2
 
Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry informa  on about:
 
 
Parameter
 
As a percentage to total turnover 
(%)
 
 
Environmental   and   social   parameters   relevant   to the product
  
NA
  
Safe and responsible usage  100%  
Recycling and/or safe disposal  NA  
3  Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:  
  FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23  
  
Received 
during the year  
Pending 
resolu on at 
end of year 
Remarks Received 
during the 
year 
Pending 
resolu on 
at end of 
year 
Remark
s 
 
Data privacy  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA  
Adver sing  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA  
Cyber-security  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA  
Quality of Products  3  0 - Nil NA NA  
Delivery of essen al 
services  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA 
 
Restric ve Trade  
 Prac ces  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA 
 
Unfair Trade Prac ces  Nil  NA NA Nil NA NA  
Total  3  0  Nil NA   
4  Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:  
Type  Number Reasons for recall  
Voluntary recalls  Nil NA  
Forced recalls  Nil NA  
5
 
Does the en ty have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks 
related to data privacy? (Y es/No) If available, provide a web -link of the 
policy.
 
Yes, the Company has Internal Cyber 
Security Policy. From governance 
perspec ve, cyber risks are monitored and 
mi gated through the Risk Management 
framework stated in Risk Management 
Policy.
 
 
Web-link of policy: 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/
RMC%20Policy.pdf
 
 
 
6
 
Provide of any correc ve ac ons taken or
 
underway
 
on issues rela ng 
to
 
adver sing, and delivery
 
of essen al services; cyber security and 
data privacy of customers; re -occurrence of instances of product   
For FY 2023-24, there were no complaints 
received for issues pertaining to the delivery 
of essen al services, adver sing, ac on 
 
122
===== PAGE 126 =====
recalls; penalty / ac on taken
 
by
 
regulatory authori es on safety of 
products / services.
 
taken by regulatory authori es on the safety 
of products/services.
 7  Provide the following informa on rela ng to data breaches:  a.  Number of instances of data breaches along -with impact Nil 
b.  
Percentage of data breaches involving personally 
iden ﬁable informa on of customers  NA 
c.  Impact, if any, of the data breaches  NA 
Leadership Indicators 
1  Channels / pla orms where informa on on products and services of 
the en ty  can be accessed (provide web link, if available).  
The Company's website provides detailed 
informa on on the products sold region -
wise. 
Website: 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/index.html 
2  
Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and 
responsible usage of products and/or services.  
The company provides all the important and 
relevant informa on on the label of the 
product and adhere to regulatory guidelines. 
3  Mechanisms in place to inform  consumers of any risk of 
disrup on/discon nua on of essen al services.  
The company inform the customers and 
relevant stakeholders, 
months prior of discon nua on on any 
scheduled closure 
through press release and on the company 
website. 
4  Does the en ty display product informa on on the product over and 
above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If 
yes, provide details in brief. Did your en ty carry out any survey with 
regard to consumer sa sfac on rela ng to the major p roducts / 
services of the en ty, signiﬁcant loca ons of opera on of the en ty or
 
the en ty as a whole? (Yes/No)
 
No 
 
1232023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 127 =====
Annexure- III to the Board's Report
FORM- AOC-1
Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of Subsidiaries/Associate Companies
{Pursuant to First proviso to sub-sec on (3) of sec on 129 read with Rule 5 of companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014}
 
Part “A”: Subsidiaries  
S. No.
 
Name of the subsidiary
 
Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., 
 
and Subsidiaries,  USA
 Bexel Pharmaceu cals 
Inc.,   USA
 Diakron Pharmaceu cals 
Inc, USA
 Orchid Bio 
 
Pharma Ltd, 
India
 
 
1
 
The date since when subsidiary was 
acquired
 25.08.2005
 
13.10.2005
 
28.07.2010
 
24.03.2022
 
2
 
Repor ng period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if diﬀerent from the 
holding company’s repor ng period
 
Apr '23 -
 
March '24
 
Apr '23 -
 
March '24
 
Apr '23 -
 
March '24
 
Apr '23 -
 
March 
'24
 
3
 
Repor ng currency and Exchange 
rate as on the last date of the relevant 
Financial
 
year in the case of foreign 
subsidiaries.
 
USD
 
Exchange Rate: 83.71
 USD
 
Exchange Rate: 83.71
 USD
 
Exchange Rate: 83.71
 Rs. in Lakhs
 
  
$
 
Rs in Lakhs
 
$
 
Rs in Lakhs
 
$
 
Rs
 
in Lakhs
 
Rs in Lakhs
 
4
 
Share capital
 
100.00
 
0.08
 
35,895.27
 
30.04
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
1,500.00
 
5
 
Reserves & surplus
 
(60,73,307)
 
(5,083.97)
 
(2,13,051)
 
(178.35)
 
(3827116)
 
(3,203.68)
 
(5.19)
 
6
 
Total assets
 
11,40,695.00
 
954.88
 
5.00
 
0.004
 
3228.45
 
2.70
 
2360.35
 
7
 
Total Liabili es
 
11,40,695.00
 
954.88
 
5.00
 
0.004
 
3228.45
 
2.70
 
2360.35
 
8
 
Investments
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0
 
9
 
Turnover
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0
 
10
 
Proﬁt before taxa on
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
42.18
 
11
 
Provision for taxa on
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
10.71
 
12
 
Proﬁt a er taxa on
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
31.46
 
13
 
Proposed Dividend
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0.00
 
0
 
14
 
% of shareholding
 
100%
 
100%
 
76.65%
 
100%
 
Note: Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited, a Wholly owned
 
subsidiary of the Company stands deregistered vide Cer ﬁcate dated January 31, 2024
 issued  by “Companies and  Intellectual Property Commission”, Pretoria South Africa.
 
124
===== PAGE 128 =====
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
 Statement pursuant to Sec on 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies  
1  
Name of Associates/Joint Ventures  OrBion Pharmaceu cals Private 
Limited 
2  Date on which Associate or joint venture was associated/ acquired 14.06.2021 
2  Latest audited Balance Sheet date (Unaudited) 31.03.2024 
3  Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end  
 No.  4,55,00,000.00 
 Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture 45,50,00,000.00 
 Extend of Holding %  26% 
4  Descrip on of how there is signiﬁcant inﬂuence Associate 
5  
Reason why the associate/joint venture is  
not consolidated  Not Applicable 
6  
Net worth a ributable to Shareholding as  
per latest audited Balance Sheet  37,20,51,941.00 
7  Proﬁt / Loss for the year   
 i. Considered in Consolida on (Loss)  (2,89,77,828.00) 
  ii. Not Considered in Consolida on  Nil 
 
OrBion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited was incorporated on May 31, 2021 & Unaudited ﬁnancials have been considered for consolida on . 
 1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence opera ons -Nil 
 
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year -Nil
 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
 
Orchid Pharma Limited
 
                  
      
      
     
Sd/-
                                  
Sunil Kumar Gupta                                
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
 
Sd/-
Kapil Dayya
 
          
Company Secretary  
Sd/-
                                                 
Mridul Dhanuka                                
Whole-Time Director
  
DIN: 00199441
 
  
Sd/-
              
Manish Dhanuka 
  
Managing Director 
  
DIN: 00238798
        
 
Place: Gurugram
 
Date: May
 
23, 2024  
1252023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 129 =====
Annexure IV
 
to the Board’s Report
 
Form No. AOC-2
 
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-sec on (3) of Sec on 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
 
 
Form for Disclosure of par culars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related par es referred
 
to in sub sec on (1) of sec on 188 of the 
Companies Act,  2013 including certain arm’s length transaction
 
under third proviso thereto.
 
 
1.
 
Details of contracts or arrangements or transac ons not at Arm’s length basis:
 
Not applicable, since all contracts or arrangements or transac ons with related par es are at arm’s length basis .
  
 
2.
 
Details of material contracts or arrangements or transac ons at Arm’s length basis:
 
S. No.
 
Par culars
 
Details
 
a)
  
Name(s) of the related party  
 
Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private
 
Limited
 
Nature of rela onship
 
a private company 
 
in which:
 
-
 
two Directors of the Company are Members and 
 
-
 
one Director is a Director
  
b)
  
Nature of contracts/
 
arrangements/
 
transactions
 
Purchase of raw materials
 
c)
  
Dura on of the contracts/ arrangements/ 
 
Transac ons
 
 
April 2023-
 
March 2024
 
d)
  
Salient terms Including jus ﬁcation for the contracts or 
arrangements or transac ons
 
including the value, if any
 The related party transac ons entered during the year were in the ordinary course of 
business and at arm’s length basis. Otsuka Chemical (India) Private Limited is the only 
approved source of the Key Raw Material GCLE for the Company.
 
 
The aggregate amount of transac ons entered into during the ﬁnancial year ended on 
March 31, 2024 was Rs.169.90 Crores 
e)  Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any May 10, 2023 
f)  Amount paid as advances, if any Nil 
 
                                     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
  Orchid Pharma Limited 
 
                               Sd/- 
                             Mridul Dhanuka 
        Whole-Time Director 
Place: Gurugram
Date : July 19, 2024 
                                                                               
Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka 
Managing Director  
DIN:00238798 DIN:00199441 
126
===== PAGE 130 =====
 
   
 
 
  
Annexure-  V  to  the Board’s Report 
ORCHID’s Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility 
 
1.   A brief outline of the Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility Policy 
 
Your Company strives to be an ideal corporate en ty ensuring social and ecological harmony with all its stakeholders 
by following ethical values in its business opera ons and incorpora ng sustainable development strategies. 
 
Special emphasis is towards Corporate Governance Prac ces, Worker’s Rights and Welfare, Safety, Health & 
Environment and Ac vi es for social and inclusive development. Your Company intends to move forward in the same 
direc on.  
 
2.  Composi on of Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee (“CSR Commi ee”) 
 
Sr. 
No.  
Name of Director  Designa on /  
 Nature of Directorship 
Number of 
mee ngs of CSR 
Commi ee held 
during the year 
Number of  
mee ngs 
of CSR  
Commi ee 
a ended during 
the year
 
1  Mr. Manish Dhanuka  Chairman- Managing Director 0 0 
2  Mr. Mridul Dhanuka  Whole Time Director 0 0 
3  Dr. Dharam Vir  Independent Director 0 0 
 
3.   Provide the web-link(s) where Composi on of CSR Commi ee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the 
board are disclosed on the website of the company  
The Composi on of CSR  Commi ee,  as disclosed above in this report, is available on the website of the Company at 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_comm_comp.html   
The CSR Policy of Orchid Pharma Limited as approved by the Board is uploaded on the website at 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/downloads/Orchid%20CSR%20Policy -approved.pdf.
 
 
Further,
 
in accordance with the provisions of Sec on 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the average net proﬁts of 
the Company for three immediate preceding ﬁnancial year had arrived to losses and therefore the
 
CSR Obliga on
 
of 
1272023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 131 =====
the Company for the financial year 2023-24 was NIL, therefore, was not required to mandatorily contribute towards 
CSR ac vi es. 
 
4.  Provide the execu ve summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable-  
Not Applicable. 
 
5. (a) Average net proﬁt of the company as per sub-sec on (5) of sec on 135:  
Rs. (994928000.00) 
 
(b) Two percent of average net proﬁt of the company as per sub-sec on (5) of sec on 135: Not Applicable 
 
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or ac vi es of the previous ﬁnancial years: Not Applicable 
 
(d) Amount required to be set-oﬀ for the ﬁnancial year, if any: Not Applicable 
 
(e) Total CSR obliga on for the ﬁnancial year [(b)+(c) -(d)]: Not Applicable 
 
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project)- Not Applicable 
 
(b) Amount spent in Administra ve overheads: Not Applicable 
 
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable- Not Applicable 
 
(d) Total amount spent  for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)] - Not Applicable  
 
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:  
 
Total Amount Spent 
for 
the Financial Year 
Amount Unspent 
 Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
sec on 135(6) 
Amount transferred to any fund speciﬁed under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to sec on 
135(5) 
 Amount Date of 
transfer 
Name of the Fund Amount Date of 
transfer 
NA NA _ _ NA _ 
 
(f) Excess amount for set-oﬀ, if any: Not Applicable 
 
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:  
 
S. 
no. 
Preceeding 
Financial 
Year 
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under sec on 
135(6) (in Rs.) 
Balance 
Amount 
in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
sec on 
135(6) (in 
Rs.) 
Amount 
Spent in 
the 
Financial 
Year (in 
Rs) 
Amount 
transferred 
to a Fund as 
speciﬁed 
under 
Schedule VII 
as per second 
proviso to 
sec on 
135(5), if any 
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Years (in Rs) 
Deﬁciency, if 
any 
128
===== PAGE 132 =====
     Amount 
(in Rs.) 
Date of  
transfer 
 
1 FY-1 Nil Nil Nil Nil _ _ 
2 FY-2 Nil Nil Nil Nil _ _ 
3 FY-3 Nil Nil Nil Nil _ _ 
 
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent 
in the Financial Year: No 
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net proﬁt as per sub -sec on 
(5) of sec on 135- Not Applicable 
 
   For and on behalf of Board of Directors of 
Orchid Pharma Limited 
   Sd/-     Sd/-
Place: Gurugram 
Date: July 19, 2024 
Manish Dhanuka 
Chairman(CSR Commi ee) & 
Managing Director 
Mridul Dhanuka  
Whole Time Director 
DIN:00199441  
DIN:00238798 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
1292023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 133 =====
 
   
 
 
 
 
Annexure VI  to the Board’s Report 
Conserva on of Energy 
(Pursuant to Sec on 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 
 
 
 
(a) Energy Conserva on Measures Taken   
 
The following energy conserva on measures were taken by your Company during the year under review at its 
manufacturing facility in Alathur  
 
v Installed new energy eﬃcient Chiller with Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) for U lity-3 plant in place of Kirloskar 
centrifugal chiller with an annual saving of 8 lakh units. 
 
v Installed new energy eﬃcient VFD based -10 deg C 150 TR brine chiller in place of exis ng old chiller with an annual 
saving of 5.625 lakh units. 
 
v Replacement of Microbiology plant air cooled chiller by energy efﬁcient water cooled chiller thereby a saving of 66 lakh 
units per annum saving is achieved. 
 
v Installed energy eﬃcient Eﬄuent treatment system to reduce thermal & electrical energy consump on for an annual 
saving of 11.25 lakh units. 
 
Due to the implementa on of various energy conserva on ac vi es men oned in (a) above, the annual saving is 33.123 lakh 
units which contributed in reduc on of emission of CO2 by approx. 2700 tons this year. 
 
(b) Proposed energy conserva on measures 
 
Some of the proposals that are considered / being implemented for saving energy are: 
 
v Exploring of Low temperature Mechanical Va pour Recompression in ETP plant. 
 
v  Installa on of VFD for exis ng +7 Water cooled Kirloskar Chiller & Frick chillers for -25 deg C brine circula on system. 
Expected annual saving – 5.625 lakh units. 
 
v Installa on of VFD based Atlas Air compressor for plant air requirements. Expected annual saving – 7.25 lakh units. 
 
v Proposal of Water cooled VFD based chiller in place of Air cooled chiller in Ph6 & 14. Expected annual saving – 12.75 lakh 
units. 
 
130
===== PAGE 134 =====
v Installa on of STP for reducing the eﬄuent treatment cost. Expected annual saving – 3.75 lakh units. 
 
v Proposal of -40 deg C VFD based brine chilling plant for process requirement. Expected annual saving – 4.75 lakh units. 
 
v Other proposals are also being explored for energy saving.  
 
Further, the energy conservation measures proposed to be taken up by the company as men oned in (b) above are expected 
to bring in savings of around 34.125 lakh units annually which will result in reduc on of emission of CO2 by approx. 2800 tons 
yearly.  
 
(c) The steps taken by the Company for u lizing alternate sources of energy 
 
v Cap ve Power Purchase of electrical energy through Hybrid (Wind cum Solar) Power plant for an annual energy 
consump on of 180 Lakh units per annum has resulted in a saving of 44.62 lakh units per annum resul ng to reduc on of 
emission of CO2 by 3650 tons yearly. The alternate energy is 43% of the annual energy consump on of the Company. 
 
(d) Capital Investment on Energy Conserva on Equipment: 
 
Rs. 276 Lakhs of capital investment was made on energy conserva on equipment during the Financial Year 2023-24. 
 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Orchid Pharma Limited 
 
 
 Sd/-            Sd/-
Place: Gurugram Manish Dhanuka Mridul Dhanuka 
Date : July 19, 2024 Managing Director Whole Time Director 
DIN:00238798 DIN:00199441 
 
   
 
 
 
1312023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 135 =====
  
Annexure VII  to the Board’s Report – Technology Absorp on 
 
I. Chemistry & Technology Development  
 
Chemistry & Technology Development (CTD) Centre is also called R&D. A specialized department is responsible 
for developing new technologies and techniques for the manufacturing process for new Cephalosporin both 
oral & injectable APIs and also for new molecules. 
 
Orchid’s exper se encompass the en re spectrum of Pharmaceu cal R&D 
1. Biotech R & D 
2. Synthesis R&D including Polypep de synthesis Division 
3. Analy cal R&D 
4. Intellectual Property Management 
5. Con nuous Improvement R&D  
 
All these combined; give us the strength and ability to ﬁle First to File Para- IV applications for US and other 
regulatory markets.
 
 
Orchid’s CTD has
 
extended its support to new customers and new markets on intellectual property review, FTO 
analysis, invalida on/non-infringement of IP approach, apart from genera on of scien ﬁc and evidence-based 
jus ﬁca ons to meet the requirement of regulatory agencies and ensure smooth IP pathway.  
 
 
Orchid’s CTD
 
has also supported internal and external customers by genera ng and providing standards of 
related substances and working standards for substan a ng the dossiers ﬁled and manufacturing of APIs.  
Evalua on of New monograph and veriﬁca on studies were carried out to permit API and formulation business 
in various markets. 
 
 
In order to meet the emerging requirement from regulatory agencies from across the
 
world, CTD
 
has taken up 
comprehensive analysis of the manufacturing processes of Cephalosporin
 
with respect to the possibility of 
traces of Nitrosamines and assessment of poten al Genotoxic impuri es
 
through in-Silico analysis coupled with 
scien ﬁc data.   
 
 
Orchid has set up new Biotech R&D facility for backward integra on of 7-ACA through Fermenta on Technology.
  
 
II.
 
Expenditure on CTD
 
The CTD
 
outlay was as follows:
 
  
Par culars
 
 
Year ended March 31, 2023
 
a) Capital
 
7.61
 
Nil
 
b) Recurring 
          
709.37
 
636.21
 
c) Total
          
716.98
 
636.21
 
d) Total R&D 
expenditure 
    
as a 
percentage of the total 
turnover
 0.88%
 
0.96%
 
 
  
 
III.
 
Technology
 
absorp on, adap on and
 
innova on
  
1.   Eﬀorts in brief made towards technology absorp on, adap on and innova on
 
Year ended March 31, 2024
 in Lakhs
132
===== PAGE 136 =====
Orchid’s CTD has successfully completed developing non-infringing process for one of the Beta-Lactamase 
Inhibitor. 
 
In addi on, completed the development work for the manufacturing technology for a new 5th genera on 
an bio c to fulﬁl the global requirement. 
 
Orchid’s New Drug Discovery & Formula on team had developed novel combination drug Enmetazobactam is a 
novel penicillanic acid sulfone ESBLs, an extended spectrum beta-lactamases inhibitor with the 4th genera on 
cephalosporin an bio c Cefepime Hydrochloride to provide a “novel therapeu c op on addressing serious 
threat of An bio c Microbial Resistance” to launch in India. 
 
Orchid’s CTD has extended suppor ng with technical challenges as well as analy cal requirements for the 
transferred APIs and exis ng Cephalosporin products to ﬁle the dossiers and gain approval of dossiers. In order 
to respond to queries from regulatory agencies, internal customers in other loca ons and external customers 
from various countries.  
 
Orchid's APIs in Cephalosporin, extensive scien ﬁc ra onale and analy cal data were provided  to gain 
regulatory approval and progress towards commercializing the products.  Such ac vi es include extensive 
impurity proﬁling, analy cal method development, method valida on, assessment of APIs in regulatory 
perspec ve, inorganic elemental impuri es (as per ICH Q3D employing ICPMS), polymorphism, carry over 
studies, trace impurity and ion analysis, etc., through appropriate techniques.    
 
2. Beneﬁts derived as a result of the above eﬀorts, e.g. product improvement, cost reduc on, product 
development, import subs tu on, etc. 
Orchid’s development team has successfully transferred the manufacturing technology for Avibactam – 
Ce azidime API combina on drug for domes c market. 
 
Orchid’s CTD has successfully completed new manufacturing technology for new 5th genera on Cephalosporin 
and ready for scale-up. This is one more new product in Orchid’s product por olio.  
 
The new combina on drug of Cefepime / Enmetazobactam has been granted “Qualified Infec ous Disease 
Product (QIDP) and Fast Track designa on” by the US FDA, which will provide ﬁve years’ addi onal market 
exclusivity and priority FDA review. This is also one more new product in Orchid’s product por olio.  
 
As a part of con nuous improvement program, implemented the newly developed technology for solvent 
recovery process to lead to reduc on in the cost of manufacturing of the class comprising quaternary 
Cephalosporin.   
 
In-House impurity standards and working standards were synthesized apart from characteriza on of impuri es 
for Cephalosporin, to support filing of dossiers and con nuance of commercial manufacturing.   
 
Orchid’s CTD has supported to generate scien ﬁc evalua on of poten al forma on of trace quan  es of 
nitrosamines in the API and comprehensive genotoxic alert study (in silico) report on poten al impuri es, with 
a view to comply with the requirement of regulatory agencies across the world. In addi on, received regulatory 
approvals for many exis ng Cephalosporin from customers and regulatory agencies, which has helped the 
business. 
 
a)   Technology 1. Manufacturing of 7ACA, one of the KSM for An bio cs. 
 
2. Development of Cephalosporin which is imported from 
the innovator company at Japan 
 
 
  
3. Imported technology (imported during the last 3 years reckoned from the beginning of the ﬁnancial year)   
 
   
 
 
 
1332023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 137 =====
 
4. Specific areas of beneﬁts from CTD & future Plan 2024- 2025 
Orchid is in the process of developing backward integra on of 7-ACA from Ceph-C, one of the key raw material 
of Cephalosporin. 
 
Planning for the ini a on of Pep de synthesis in this ﬁnancial year. 
 
Orchid’s novel combina on drug with Enmetazobactam – Cefepime is planned to be launched in India. 
 
Orchid’s CTD team has planned to commercialize Enmetazobactam – combination drug for the market 
exclusively for Domes c market.  
 
Orchid’s CTD has planned to develop Cephalosporin drugs in combina on of Beta Lactamase inhibitors like 
Avibactam to enhance the business revenues. This will be a one more new product in Orchid’s product por olio.  
 
 
 
     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
 
     
Orchid Pharma Limited
 
 
     Sd/-    Sd/- 
Place: Gurugram Manish Dhanuka Mridul Dhanuka 
Date : July 19, 2024  Managing Director Whole Time Director 
                                                       DIN:00238798 DIN: 00199441 
 
b)   Year of import 2023 
c)   Has this technology been fully  absorbed Absorbed 
d)  If not fully absorbed, areas where this has 
not taken place, reasons thereof and plans of 
ac on. 
No 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
134
===== PAGE 138 =====
 
a) Activi es rela ng to exports, ini a ves taken to increase exports, development of new export markets for products and 
services, and export plans. 
 
The company is con nuously focused on increasing the sale and distribu on of its products in regulated markets 
including United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, Australia and China etc. 
 
b) Total foreign exchange earnings and outgo 
 
S. 
No. 
Par culars Year ended March 31, 
2024 
Year ended March 31, 
2023 
1 Earnings in foreign exchange during the year   
 F.O.B value of exports 65,936.30 54,517.16 
 Export of services (net of TDS) - - 
2 C.I.F. value of imports (on cash basis)   
 Raw materials & Packing materials 24,794.86 24,897.93 
 Capital goods 37.01 771.10 
 Spare parts, components and consumables 90.69 115.03 
3 Expenditure in foreign currency during the year (on 
cash basis) 
  
 Travelling expenses - - 
 Interest and bank charges - 668.52 
 Professional / Consultancy fees - - 
 Others 2,126.42 807.06 
4 Dividend remi ances in foreign currency during the 
year 
  
 Net dividend - - 
5 Total foreign exchange used (2+3+4) 27,048.98 27,259.64 
 
 
Place: Gurugram 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Orchid Pharma Limited
  
Date: July 19, 2024           Sd/-          Sd/- 
  Manish Dhanuka Mridul Dhanuka 
  Managing Director Whole-Time Director 
  DIN:00238798 DIN:00199441 
 
Annexure VIII  to the Board’s Report  
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS & OUTGO
 
   
 
 
 
1352023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 139 =====
   
 
Name of Director Director’s Remunera on 
(In Rs. Lakhs)
Median remunera on of 
employees for the FY 2023-
2024 (in Rs.)
Ra o of remunera on
of each Director to
median remunera on
of employees
Gross Salary Commission Gross 
Salary
Commission Total
Mr. Manish Dhanuka
Managing Director
 
95.22 259.88 38917 244.67 667.78 912.45
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka
 
Whole Time Director
 
95.22
 
259.88
 
38917
 
244.67
 
667.78
 
912.45
 
 
  
  
   
Name of the KMP/ Designa on % Increase in remunera on in 2024 as compared to 2023
Gross Salary Commission Total
Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director 10% 593% 200.67%
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director 10% 593% 200.67%
Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Oﬃcer
 
Not Applicable @
 
Mr. Kapil Dayya, Company Secretary
 
Not Applicable*
 
 
 
  
PARTICULARS PURSUANT TO SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES 
(APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
a. The ra o of the remunera on of each director to the median remunera on of the employees of the company for the 
ﬁnancial year Except for Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director and Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director, none of 
the other directors were in receipt of remunera on for the Financial Year 2023-2024.
b. Percentage increase in remunera on of each Director, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, Company Secretary in the ﬁnancial year
The details pertaining to percentage increase in the remunera on of the Directors (Except for Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing 
Director and Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director) cannot be calculated for the reasons as stated in the point no. (a) above.
@ Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Oﬃcer did not draw any remunera on from the Company for the Financial Year 2022-
2023 therefore the remunera on drawn during 2023-24 could not be compared.
*Mr. Kapil Dayya was appointed as Company Secretary (designated as KMP) w.e.f. December 16, 2023. Hence no comparison 
could be stated. 
c. Percentage increase in median remunera on of employees in the Financial Year
The percentage increase in median remunera on of employees w.r.t the Salary during the ﬁnancial year was 10%.
d. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company (as of 31st March, 2024): 923
e. Average percen le increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
ﬁnancial year and its comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remunera on and jus ﬁca on thereof and 
point out if there are any excep onal circumstances for increase in the managerial remunera on
Increase of remunera on on the verge of gross salary for employees other than the managerial personnel was 9.7% and for 
managerial personnel employed as Managing Director and Whole Time Director was 10%, in accordance with the Nomina on & 
Remunera on Policy and Members approval. Further, aforesaid managerial personnel was also paid commission of 2% on the 
Cash proﬁts generated by the Company, which is 73.20% of the total remunera on paid to them. The stated commission had 
increased by 593% due to swi  increase in the proﬁts of the Company. The Company does regular benchmarking of 
compensa on paid to the managerial personnel. 
 
f. Aﬃrma on that the remunera on is as per the Remunera on policy of the Company
 It is hereby aﬃrmed that the remunera on paid is as per the Remunera on policy of the Company.
g. (i) the names of the top ten employees in terms of remunera on drawn:
  Annexure IX to the Board's Report
136
===== PAGE 140 =====
Mr. Sarangdhar R J
 
Vice President -
 
(Unit Head -
 
API 
&FDF)
 
73.06
 
Otherwise
 
B
 
Sc (1985), M Sc 
(1987), Ph D-
Chem(2012)
 
 
35
 
Years
 
19.07.1994
 
60
 
Lupin 
Laboratories Ltd.
0.00 No
Mr. Prabhu 
Vinayagam
 
Head -
 
Medico 
Marke ng
 
 
72.00
 
Otherwise
 
M.B.B.S (1992)
  
26
 
Years
 
01.11.2023
 
54
 
Mandalar Group 
of Hospitals 
Myanmar
0.00 No
Mr. Sunil Kumar 
Gupta
 
CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER
 
54.83
 
Otherwise
 
Chartered 
Accountant
 
 
38 Years
 
29.06.2020
 
61
 
Dhanuka 
Laboratories
0.00 No
Mr. Srinivasan s
 
Head -
 
CTD & IPM
 
51.73
 
Otherwise
 
M Sc 
 
Chem 
(1992),M Phil 
(2007),
 
Ph D 
chem(2011)
 
 
31 Years
 
12.10.2021
 
53
 
Flemings Lab 0.00 No
Mr. 
Thirunavukkarasu R
 
General Manager -
 
Quality Control
 
41.21
 
Otherwise
 
M Sc (chem)
 
1990) M phil 
(1992)
 
 
28
 
Years
 
21.10.2020
 
56
 
Harman 
Finochem Ltd
0.00 No
Mr. Antony Mar n SGM- Produc on 
(Non 
Sterile),PP&U lity
38.31 Otherwise B Sc(1987), 
Msc(chem)(1989)
30 Years 10.11.1995 57 Grasim Industries 0.00 No
Mr. Paranitharan A Senior General 
Manager
38.19 Otherwise B.E. Mech (1994) 40 Years 10.05.2023 58 Crimsun Organics 0.00 No
Mr. Praga  Kumar 
Patro
Head - Informa on 
Technology
36.69 Otherwise B Sc (1995) 
Aptech IT (1997)
21 Years 15.02.2007 49 I So  R & D Pvt 
Ltd
0.00 No
Mr. Ashok Cliﬀord 
D
Head - Human 
Resources
33.39 Otherwise B.Com., MSW 29 Years 18.01.2001 51 G M Pens & 
Execu ve
0.00 No
  
    
 
Place: Gurugram 
Date: July 19, 2024 
  
 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Orchid Pharma Limited  
Sd/- 
Manish Dhanuka 
Managing Director 
DIN:00238798 
 
Sd/- 
Mridul Dhanuka 
Whole-Time Director 
DIN:00199441 
Name of Employee
 
Designa on
 
CTC in 
lakhs
 
Nature of 
employment 
(Contractual or 
otherwise)
 
Qualiﬁca on
 
Experience
 
Date of 
Joining
 
AGE
 
Last 
employment 
held
% of Equity 
shares held 
by Company
Whether 
related to 
any Director 
of the 
Company
Mr. Rajnish Rohatgi
 
CEO -
 
Orchid AMS
 
140.09
 
Otherwise
 
B.
 
Tech 
Metallurgy (1984)
 
 
37
 
Years
 
15.09.2023
 
61
 
Aglet Makers & 
Independent 
Consultant
0.00 No
 
   
 
 
 
1372023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 141 =====
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31.03.2024
[Pursuant to Sec on 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remunera on of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To
The Members,
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED,
Chennai 
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
prac ces by M/s. ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED, (hereina er called the company). Secretarial Audit was conducted based on records made 
available to us, in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evalua ng the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion/understanding thereon.
Based on our veriﬁca on of the Company's Books, Papers, Minute Books, Forms and Returns ﬁled and other records maintained by the 
Company and made available to us and also the informa on provided by the Company, its Oﬃcers, Agents and Authorized 
Representa ves during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we, on strength of those records, and informa on so provided, hereby report 
that in our opinion and understandings, the Company, during the audit period covering the ﬁnancial year ended on March 31, 2024, 
appears to have complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also in our limited review, the Company has proper and 
required Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the repor ng made 
hereina er.
We have examined the Books, Papers, Minutes' Book, Forms and Returns ﬁled and other records maintained by the  Company and made 
available to us, for the ﬁnancial year ended on March 31, 2024 according to the applicable provisions of:
i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder as applicable;
ii) The Securi es Contracts (Regula on) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regula ons and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regula ons made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings to the extent applicable.
v) The following Regula ons and Guidelines prescribed under the Securi es and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992('SEBI ACT') to 
the extent applicable during the year:-
a) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Substan al Acquisi on of Shares and Takeovers) Regula ons, 2011;
b) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Prohibi on of Insider Trading) Regula ons, 2015;
c) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2018;
d) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and Sweat Equity) Regula ons, 2021;
e) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India(Issue and Lis ng of Non-Conver ble Securi es) Regula ons, 2021;
f) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regula ons, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
g) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India(Delis ng of Equity Shares) Regula ons, 2021; and 
h) The Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securi es) Regula ons, 2018.
We have examined in a very limited manner, the systems and processes in place to ensure compliance with speciﬁc laws like the 
Environment (Protec on) Act, 1986, The Hazardous and other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, The 
Water (Preven on & Control of Pollu on) Act, 1974, The Air (Preven on & Control of Pollu on) Act, 1981, The Drug and Cosme cs Act, 
1940, The Petroleum Act, 1934, Indian Boilers Act, 1923 and The Narco c Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 considering and 
relying upon conﬁrma ons made by the Company and its Oﬃcers for systems and mechanism formed by the Company for compliances 
under these laws.
Annexure X to the Board’s Report
138
===== PAGE 142 =====
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Ins tute of Company Secretaries of India with respect to Mee ngs of Board of Directors (SS-
1) and General Mee ngs (SS-2), and
ii) The Lis ng Agreements entered into by the Company with Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited and The 
Securi es and Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015.
During the period under review, the Company has complied, in accordance with the requirements to be met with the applicable
provisions of the Act, Rules, Regula ons, Guidelines, Standards, etc. men oned above except as stated below: 
 Non maintenance of Minimum Public Shareholding as prescribed under Rule 19(2) and Rule 19A of the Securi es Contracts ·
(Regula on) Rules, 1957 and Regula on 38 of SEBI (LODR) Regula ons, 2015 - the Company received email from Na onal Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (collec vely referred as “Stock Exchanges”) on May 25, 2023 imposing ﬁne and 
seeking clariﬁca on from the Company for non-compliance. The Company paid the ﬁne and responded to the Stock Exchanges 
st th
by 31  May, 2023 and further the company made qualiﬁed ins tu ons placement of equity shares on 27  June, 2023 and the 
lis ng approval for same was received on 30th June, 2023; therea er the requirement of Minimum Public Shareholding has 
been complied with;
 Limited review by statutory auditor of audit of companies whose accounts are consolidated with the company as required ·
under Regula on 33(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regula ons, 2015 has not been carried as stated in the report of the Statutory Auditor on 
the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company.
It is represented to us that the company has ini ated measures, wherever required, to address issues raised by the Statutory Authori es 
and Le ers/No ces received by the Company during the ﬁnancial year under various enactments as applicable to the company. 
We further report that, subject to the above, the related documents that we have come across depict that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is cons tuted as applicable with proper balance of Execu ve Directors, Non-Execu ve Directors 
and Independent Directors in compliance with the provisions of the Act and the changes in the composi on of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate no ce is given to all directors to schedule the Board Mee ngs, Agenda and detailed notes on Agenda were sent at least seven 
days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further informa on and clariﬁca ons on the agenda items before the 
mee ng and for meaningful par cipa on at the mee ng.
Majority decision is carried through while the dissen ng members' views, if any, are captured and recorded as part of the minutes.
We further report that based on our limited review of the compliance mechanism established by the Company, there appear adequate 
systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and opera ons of the company to monitor and ensure compliance 
with applicable Laws, Rules, Regula ons and Guidelines.
We further report that, as per the informa on provided to us, during the audit period, we came across a number of legal proceedings 
pending against the company including its erstwhile management and by the company.
We further report that, during the audit period, the Company has sought approval  from its members for the following business (Other 
than Ordinary Business):
a) Ra ﬁca on of Remunera on to the Cost Auditor for the Financial year 2023-24;
b) Shi ing of Registered oﬃce of the Company outside the local limits of the city but within the jurisdic on of same State and 
Registrar of Companies;
c) Approval for Material Related Party Transac ons with M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited;
d) Approval of limit of managerial remunera on payable to Shri Manish Dhanuka (DIN:00238798), Managing Director of the 
Company;
e) Approval of limit of managerial remunera on payable to Shri Mridhul Dhanuka (DIN:00199441), Whole-Time Director of the 
Company; and
f) Appointment of Mr. Arjun Dhanuka (DIN: 00454689) as Non-execu ve director of the Company.
We further report that our Audit was subjected only to verifying adequacy of systems and procedures that are in place for ensuring 
proper compliance by the Company and we are not responsible for any lapses in those compliances on the part of the Company. The 
compliance with provisions of applicable laws which have been subject to other audits have not been independently reviewed by us and 
the reports wherever shown to us have been relied upon in rendering our report.
 
   
 
 
 
1392023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 143 =====
We further report that we have conducted the secretarial audit whenever required through online veriﬁca on and examina on of 
records, as requested and facilitated by the company, for the purpose of issuing this Report.
          
    
This Report is to be read with our tes mony of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.
For S DHANAPAL & ASSOCIATES LLP
(Prac cing Company Secretaries)
(Firm Regn. No. L2023TN014200)
LLPIN: ACB 0368
Sd/-
N. RAMANATHAN
(Designated Partner)
FCS. 6665
CP No. 11084
Peer Review Cer ﬁcate No.1107/2021
UDIN : F006665F000759021 
Place: Chennai
Date: 17.07.2024
140
===== PAGE 144 =====
Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report
To
The Members,
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED, 
Chennai
Auditor's responsibility
Based on audit, our responsibility is to express an opinion on the compliance with the applicable laws and maintenance of records by the 
Company. We conducted our audit in accordance with the audi ng standards CSAS 1 to CSAS 4 (“CSAS”) prescribed by the Ins tute of 
Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”). These standards require that the auditor complies with statutory and regulatory requirements and 
plans and performs the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable laws and maintenance of records.
Due to the inherent limita ons of an audit including internal, ﬁnancial and opera ng controls, there is an unavoidable risk that some 
misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and performed in 
accordance with the CSAS. Our report of even date is to be read along with this le er.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit prac ces and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriﬁca on was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reﬂected in 
secretarial records. We believe that the processes and prac ces, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁnancial records, ﬁnancial statements and Books of Accounts of 
the company and for which we relied on the report of statutory auditor.
4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representa on about the compliance of laws, rules and regula ons 
and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regula ons, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examina on was limited to the veriﬁca on of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the eﬃcacy or eﬀec veness 
with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the company.     
For S DHANAPAL & ASSOCIATES LLP
(Prac cing Company Secretaries)
(Firm Regn. No. L2023TN014200)
LLPIN: ACB 0368
Sd/-
N. RAMANATHAN
(Designated Partner)
FCS. 6665
CP No. 11084
Peer Review Cer ﬁcate No.1107/2021
UDIN : F006665F000759021 
Place: Chennai
Date: 17.07.2024
 
   
 
 
 
1412023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 145 =====
STANDALONE
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
142
===== PAGE 146 =====
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 
To the Members of Orchid Pharma Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone ﬁnancial statements
 
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone ﬁnancial 
statements of Orchid Pharma Limited (“the Company”), which 
comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024, the Statement 
of Proﬁt and Loss, including the statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow Statement and the 
Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and 
notes to the standalone ﬁnancial statements, including a 
summary of signiﬁcant accoun ng policies and other explanatory 
informa on (hereina er referred to as “the ﬁnancial 
statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our informa on and according to 
the explana ons given to us, the aforesaid standalone ﬁnancial 
statements give the informa on required by the Companies Act 
2013 (“the Act””) in the manner so required and give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the Indian Accoun ng Standards 
prescribed under sec on 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind 
AS”) and other accoun ng principles generally accepted in India, 
of the state of aﬀairs of the Company as at March 31, 2024, its 
proﬁt including other comprehensive income, its changes in 
equity and its cash ﬂows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Audi ng (SAs), as speciﬁed 
under sec on 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibili es under 
those Standards are further described in the 'Auditor's 
Responsibili es for the Audit of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements' sec on of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the 'Code of Ethics' issued by the 
Ins tute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements under the provisions of the Act, 
and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical 
responsibili es in accordance with these requirements and the 
Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
Emphasis of Ma er 
Without qualifying our opinion, we draw a en on to the 
following ma er:
Note 42 to the ﬁnancial statements rela ng to the fact that the 
Company has taken certain lands on lease for its opera ons in 
respect of which the lease agreement expired before the date of 
commencement of the Corporate Insolvency Resolu on Process. 
We were informed that as part of the right to review the exis ng 
agreements, the Company has made a detailed assessment of 
the market rent for the property and the market value of the 
property for outright purchase. We were also informed that since 
the present rent as per erstwhile lease agreement is signiﬁcantly 
high considering the market value of the property itself, the 
Company is in talks with the lessor for renewal of the lease with 
lower rent or for outright purchase of the property as part of the 
implementa on of the resolu on plan. However, no ﬁnality is 
reached on this ma er as of date.
Pending comple on of the nego a on and the uncertain es 
involved, the Company disputed the por on of the lease rent, 
considered to be excessive than the market rate as assessed by an 
independent valuer, amoun ng to Rs.3,871.68 Lakhs unto March 
31, 2024 in respect of the aforesaid lease. The same has been 
treated as con ngent liability in the Standalone ﬁnancial 
statements of the company. 
Based on legal opinion obtained, the management is of opinion 
that no liability will arise on comple on of the nego a on
 Our opinion on the standalone ﬁnancial statements is not 
modiﬁed in respect of the above ma er.
Key Audit Ma ers
Key audit ma ers are those ma ers that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 
March 31, 2024. These ma ers were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these ma ers.
For the ma er stated below, our descrip on of how our audit 
addressed the ma er is provided in that context. 
Key audit ma er How our audit addressed the key audit ma er
 
Revenue is recognized at an amount that reﬂects the 
considera on to which the Company expects to be en tled in 
exchange for transferring goods to a customer. The revenue 
recogni on occurs at a point in  me when the control of the 
goods is transferred to the customer.
We focussed on this area as a key audit ma er as the value is 
signiﬁcant and also since Exports form a substan al part of 
the Sales of the Company, wherein there are mul ple terms of 
Sale, an inherent risk exists of revenue being recognized 
before the control is transferred.    
As part of our audit procedures, we:
Ø  Read the Company's accoun ng policy for revenue 
recogni on and assessed compliance with the 
requirements of Ind AS 115.
Ø  Evaluated the design, tested the implementa on and 
opera ng eﬀec veness of the Company's internal controls 
including general IT controls and key IT applica on controls 
over recogni on of revenue.
Ø   On a sample basis, tested suppor ng documenta on for 
sales transac ons which included sales invoices, customer 
contracts, and shipping documents.
1. Revenue Recogni on (Refer Note 3 (c) and 30 to the Standalone ﬁnancial Statements)
1432023-24
Annual Report
 
   
 
 
 
===== PAGE 147 =====
Key audit ma er How our audit addressed the key audit ma er
 1. Revenue Recogni on (Refer Note 3 (c) and 30 to the Standalone ﬁnancial Statements)
Ø  Tested revenue samples focused on sales recorded 
immediately before the year-end, obtained evidence as 
regards  ming of revenue recogni on, based on terms and 
condi ons of sales contracts and delivery documents.
Ø    Assessed disclosures in ﬁnancial statements in respect of 
revenue, as speciﬁed in Ind AS 115. 
Informa on Other than the ﬁnancial statements and Auditor's 
Report Thereon
The Company's management and Board of Directors is 
responsible for the other informa on. The other informa on 
comprises the informa on included in the Annual report, but 
does not include the standalone ﬁnancial statements and our 
auditor's report thereon. 
Our opinion on the standalone ﬁnancial statements does not 
cover the other informa on and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connec on with our audit of the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other informa on 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other informa on is 
materially inconsistent with the standalone ﬁnancial statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other informa on; we are required to report that fact. We 
have nothing to report in this regard. 
Responsibili es of Management for the standalone Financial 
Statements
The Company's management and Board of Directors is 
responsible for the ma ers stated in sec on 134(5) of the Act 
with respect to the prepara on of these standalone ﬁnancial 
statements that give a true and fair view of the ﬁnancial posi on, 
ﬁnancial performance including other comprehensive income, 
cash ﬂows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accoun ng principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accoun ng  Standards (Ind AS) speciﬁed 
under sec on 133 of the Act read with [the Companies (Indian 
Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended]. This 
responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accoun ng 
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preven ng 
and detec ng frauds and other irregulari es; selec on and 
applica on of appropriate accoun ng policies; making 
judgments and es mates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
the design, implementa on and maintenance of adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls, that were opera ng eﬀec vely for 
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accoun ng 
records, relevant to the prepara on and presenta on of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error.
In preparing the standalone ﬁnancial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company's ability to con nue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, ma ers related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accoun ng unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
opera ons, or has no realis c alterna ve but to do so.
Those charged with governance are also responsible for 
overseeing the Company's ﬁnancial repor ng process.
Auditor's Responsibili es for the Audit of the standalone 
ﬁnancial statements
Our objec ves are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the standalone ﬁnancial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and 
to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or 
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to inﬂuence 
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone ﬁnancial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skep cism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Iden fy and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is suﬃcient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detec ng a material misstatement resul ng from fraud is 
higher than for one resul ng from error, as fraud may involve 
c o l l u s i o n ,  f o r g e r y ,  i n t e n   o n a l  o m i s s i o n s , 
misrepresenta ons, or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are
144
  

===== PAGE 148 =====
      in the circumstances. Under sec on 143(3)(i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the Company has adequate internal ﬁnancial controls with 
reference to standalone ﬁnancial statements in place and 
the opera ng eﬀec veness of such controls.
•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accoun ng policies used 
and the reasonableness of accoun ng es mates and 
related disclosures made by management. 
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of 
the going concern basis of accoun ng and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or condi ons that may cast 
signiﬁcant doubt on the Company's ability to con nue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw a en on in our auditor's 
report to the related disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, 
future events or condi ons may cause the Company to 
cease to con nue as a going concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presenta on, structure and content of 
the standalone ﬁnancial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements represent the underlying transac ons and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presenta on.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
ﬁnancial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone ﬁnancial statements may 
be inﬂuenced. We consider quan ta ve materiality and 
qualita ve factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and 
in evalua ng the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the eﬀect 
of any iden ﬁed misstatements in the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements.
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other ma ers, the planned scope and  ming of the audit 
and signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant 
deﬁciencies in internal control that we iden fy during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
rela onships and other ma ers that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
From the ma ers communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those ma ers that were of most 
signiﬁcance in the audit of the standalone ﬁnancial statements 
for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2024 and are therefore the 
key audit ma ers. We describe these ma ers in our auditor's 
report unless law or regula on precludes public disclosure about 
the ma er or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a ma er should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts 
of such communica on.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.   As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 
2020, issued by the Central Government of India in terms of 
sub-sec on (11) of sec on 143 of the Act, (hereina er 
referred to as the “Order”), we give in the “Annexure A” 
statement on the ma ers speciﬁed in paragraphs 3 and 4 of 
the Order.
2.   As required by Sec on 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the informa on and 
explana ons which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examina on of those books;
(  c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash 
Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the 
books of account;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone ﬁnancial 
statements comply with the Accoun ng Standards 
speciﬁed under Sec on 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended;
(e) On the basis of the wri en representa ons received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2024 and taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is 
disqualiﬁed as on March 31, 2024 from being appointed 
as a director in terms of Sec on 164 (2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng of the Company with 
reference to these standalone ﬁnancial statements and 
the opera ng eﬀec veness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure B” to this report;
(g) In our opinion, the managerial remunera on for the 
year ended March 31, 2024 has been paid / provided by 
the Company to its directors in accordance with the 
provisions of sec on 197 read with Schedule V to the 
Act;
(h) With respect to the other ma ers to be included in the 
Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as 
amended in our opinion and to the best of our 
informa on and according to the explana ons given to 
us:
1452023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 149 =====
146
  
(I). The Company has disclosed the impact of pending 
li ga ons on its ﬁnancial posi on in its standalone 
ﬁnancial statements – Refer Note 42 to the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements; 
(ii). The Company has made provision, as required 
under the applicable law or accoun ng standards, 
for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long 
term contracts including deriva ve contracts;   
(iii). There has been no delay in transferring amounts 
required to be transferred to the Investor 
Educa on and Protec on Fund by the Company.
      (iv)  a)  The management has represented that, to the 
best of their knowledge and belief, other than as 
disclosed in the notes to the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, if any, no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other persons 
o r  e n     e s ,  i n c l u d i n g  f o r e i g n  e n     e s 
("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in wri ng or otherwise, that the 
Intermediaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or en  es iden ﬁed 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company ("Ul mate Beneﬁciaries") or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ul mate Beneﬁciaries;
b)   The management has represented, that, to the 
best of their knowledge and belief, other than as 
disclosed in the notes to the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, if any, no funds have been received by 
the Company from any persons or en  es, 
including foreign en  es ("Funding Par es"), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in wri ng or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or en  es iden ﬁed in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
("Ul mate Beneﬁciaries") or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ul mate Beneﬁciaries; and
c)  Based on such audit procedures, we have 
considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to their no ce 
that has caused them to believe that the 
representa ons under sub-clause (i) and (ii) 
contain any material mis-statement.
(v)   The company has neither declared or paid any 
dividends during the year and accordingly 
repor ng on compliance with sec on 123 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable for the year 
under considera on.
(vi)   Based on our examina on which included test 
checks, the Company has used accoun ng 
so ware for maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit 
log) facility and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transac ons recorded in 
the so ware, except that the audit trail feature 
was not enabled at database level, as described in 
note 51 to the ﬁnancial statements. Further, during 
the course of our audit we did not come across any 
instance of audit trail feature being tampered with 
in respect of other accoun ng so ware.
As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 is applicable from 1 April 
2023, repor ng under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 on preserva on 
of audit trail as per the statutory requirements for 
record reten on is not applicable for the ﬁnancial 
year ended 31 March 2024.
                                                                                                                                                           
For Singhi & Co.                                                   
   Chartered Accountants                                                              
Firm Registra on No: 302049E
sd/-
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Date: May 23, 2024                                  Membership No: 204936                    
Place: Mumbai                                 UDIN: 24204936BKGEAQ1396
===== PAGE 150 =====
We report that:
i.   In respect of its Property Plant and Equipment and Intangible  
Assets:
a)  (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full 
par culars, including quan ta ve details and situa on of its 
property, plant and equipment.
     (B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full 
par culars of intangible  assets.
b) As explained to us, the Company has a regular program of 
conduc ng physical veriﬁca on of its property, plant and 
equipment in a phased manner over a period of three years. In 
our opinion, the periodicity of physical veriﬁca on is reasonable 
having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
assets. No material discrepancies were no ced on such 
veriﬁca on during the year. 
c)  According to the informa on and explana ons given to us and 
on the basis of our examina on of the conveyance deeds 
provided to us, we report that, the  tle deeds of immovable 
proper es (other than self - constructed immovable property 
(buildings), and where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) as 
disclosed in schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment to the 
standalone ﬁnancial statements, are held in the name of the 
Company as at the balance sheet date.
d)  The Company has not revalued its property, plant and 
equipment (including right of use assets) and intangible assets 
during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(i)(d) of the 
Order are not applicable to the Company.
e)  According to informa on and explana ons given by the 
management, no proceedings have been ini ated or are pending 
against the Company for holding any benami property under the 
Prohibi on of Benami Property Transac ons Act, 1988 and rules 
made thereunder. Therefore, provisions of clause 3(i)(e) of the 
Order are not applicable to the Company
ii.    In respect of its Inventories:
a)   As per informa on and explana ons provided to us, physical 
veriﬁca on has been conducted by the management at 
reasonable intervals during the year in respect of inventory of 
raw materials, work in progress, ﬁnished goods, Traded Goods 
and by products (other than inventories lying with third par es), 
and no material discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate 
for each class of inventory were no ced on such veriﬁca on.
Based on our examina on of the books of accounts of the 
Company, with respect to the sanc oned working capital limits 
availed in excess of Rs. ﬁve Crore from banks or ﬁnancial 
ins tu ons during the year on the basis of security of current 
assets of the Company, the Quarterly return / statements which 
have been regularly submi ed by the company are in agreement 
with the books of accounts, except in the following cases:
Quarter 
ended
 
As per ﬁnancials
            (Rs. in Lakhs)
 
As per returns 
ﬁled with 
banks                       (Rs. in Lakhs)  
Variance
     (Rs. in 
Lakhs) 
Reasons for variance
 
June  30, 
2023  
20011.71  19297.30  714.41  The diﬀerence is mainly due to es mated over 
head rate  considered while valuing WIP and FG 
given to the bank and the  actual over head 
rate ﬁnalised on comple on of limited review 
of the quarterly results. Also the bank stock 
statement does not include R&D Stock of INR 
475..55 lakhs. 
 iii.  
a)   According to the informa on and explana ons provided 
to us, the Company has granted a loan of Rs.766.44 
lakhs (including accrued interest) to its subsidiary 
company during the year and the company has made 
investments in the equity shares of a subsidiary 
company amoun ng to Rs.1499.90 lakhs. The Closing 
balance outstanding of Loans advanced to the 
subsidiary amounted to Rs.788.97 Lakhs. 
b)  The loan given and investments made are, in our opinion, 
prima facie, not prejudicial to the company's interest. 
The Company has not provided any guarantee or 
security or granted loans or advances in the nature of 
loans during the year. The loans given to subsidiaries 
and other par es during the pre- CIRP period have been 
fully provided for.
Annexure – A to the Independent Auditor's Report of even date to the members of Orchid Pharma Limited on the Standalone ﬁnancial 
Statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2024 
(Referred to in paragraph 1 of our Report on Other legal and regulatory requirements)  
1472023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 151 =====
c) The schedule of repayment of principal and payment of 
interest has been s pulated and repayments or receipt 
of principal amount and interest have been regular as 
per s pula ons.
d) There are no amounts of loans and advances in the 
nature of loans granted to companies, ﬁrms, limited 
liability partnerships or any other par es which are 
overdue for more than 90 days as at the year end.
e) No loan or advance in the nature of loan granted which 
has fallen due during the year, has been renewed or 
extended or fresh loans granted to se le the overdues 
of exis ng loans given to the said par es.
f) During the year, the Company has not granted any loans 
or advances in the nature of loans, which are either 
repayable on demand or without specifying any terms 
or period of repayment. Therefore, provisions of clause 
3(iii)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
iv.   In our opinion, the Company has complied with the 
provisions of Sec ons 185 and 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 with respect to the loans given and 
investments made. The Company has not provided any 
guarantee or security during the year. The loans given to 
subsidiaries and other par es during the pre-CIRP 
period have been fully provided for.
v.   According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us, the Company has not accepted any deposits from 
the public or amount which are deemed to be deposits 
within the meaning of sec ons 73 to 76 of the Act and 
the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) rules 2014 (as 
amended). 
vi.  We have broadly reviewed the cost records maintained 
by the Company in respect of products for which 
maintenance of prescribed cost records is mandated by 
Government of India U/S 148 (1) of the Act and are of 
the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed records 
have been made and maintained. We have, however, 
not made a detailed examina on of these records with a 
view to determine whether they are accurate or 
complete.
vii.  According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us and the records of the Company examined by us: 
a) the Company has been generally regular in deposi ng 
amounts deducted/accrued in the books of accounts in 
respect of undisputed statutory dues, including Goods 
and Services Tax, provident fund, employees' state 
insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of 
customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any 
other material statutory dues, as applicable. There were 
no material undisputed outstanding statutory dues as at 
the year end, for a period of more than six months from 
the date they became payable.
b) No undisputed amounts payable in respect of goods and 
service tax, provident fund, employee's state insurance, 
income tax, sales tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty 
of excise, value added tax, cess and other material 
statutory dues were in arrears as at March 31,2024 for a 
period of more than six months form the date they 
become payable.
c)    According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us and as conﬁrmed by the Resolu on Professional (RP) 
and the Successful Resolu on Applicant, in view of the 
implementa on of the resolu on plan as approved by 
the Hon'ble Na onal company Law Tribunal (based on 
the order of the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India), except 
to the extent of payment to the stakeholders as per the 
approved Resolu on Plan, the Company shall have no 
liability with respect to any claims rela ng in any 
manner to the period prior to ”the eﬀec ve date” i.e. 
Pre Corporate Insolvency Resolu on Process period 
(pre-CIRP period). We were informed that to the extent 
of claims raised (pertaining to the Pre-CIRP period) by 
various statutory authori es and approved by the RP 
have been fully paid as part of the approved resolu on 
plan. Accordingly, all other pending li ga ons rela ng 
to Pre-CIRP period are deemed to be ex nguished as at 
March 31,2020, i.e., the date of implementa on of the 
approved resolu on plan. Accordingly, there are no 
dues of income tax, sales tax, service tax, duty of 
customs, duty of excise, value added tax and goods and 
service tax which have not been deposited as at March 
31,2024 on account of dispute.
viii.  According to the informa on and explana on given to 
us, there were no transac ons which have not been 
recorded in the books of account, which have been 
surrendered or disclosed as income in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 
1961) during the year. Therefore, provisions of clause 
3(viii) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
ix.  
a) According to the informa on and explana ons give to us 
and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not defaulted in repayment 
of loans or borrowings to any ﬁnancial ins tu on, bank, 
Government or debenture holders. 
b) Basis the informa on and explana on provided to us, 
the Company has not been declared a wilful defaulter by 
any bank or ﬁnancial ins tu on or other lender.
c)   According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the term loans availed were applied for the 
purpose for which they were availed. Further the 
Company has not availed any loans from Government 
148
===== PAGE 152 =====
        or has not issued any debenture during the year.
d) Based on the informa on and explana on given to us, 
and the books of account examined by us, short term 
funds raised during the year have not been u lized for 
long term purposes.
e) Based on the informa on and explana on given to us, 
and the books of account examined by us, during the 
year, the company has not taken any funds from any 
en ty or person on account of or to meet the obliga ons 
of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures. The loans 
given to subsidiaries and other par es during the pre-
CIRP period have been fully provided for.
f) The Company has not raised any loan during the year on 
the pledge of securi es held in its subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or associate companies. 
x.  
      a)  According to the informa on and explana ons given 
to us and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the Company has raised funds by way of 
Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal placement (QIP) during the year. 
The amounts raised have been partly u lized for the 
purposes for which the funds were raised and the 
remaining amount unu lized as at the year end has 
been temporarily deposited in a separate term deposit 
account pending its u lisa on for the purposes for 
which it was raised. Refer Note 53 to the standalone 
ﬁnancial statements for the details of funds raised and 
the status of its u liza on. 
b) According to the informa on and explana ons give to us 
and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not made any preferen al 
allotment or private placement of shares or conver ble 
debentures (fully, par ally or op onally conver ble) 
during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 
3(x)(b) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
xi.        
a)   Based upon the audit procedures performed for the 
purpose of repor ng the true and fair view of the 
ﬁnancial statements and according to the informa on 
and explana ons given to us, we have neither come 
across any instance of fraud by the Company or on the 
Company no ced or reported during the year nor have 
we been informed of any such case by the management.
b)   We have not come across any instance of fraud, therefore 
report under sub-sec on 12 of sec on 143 of the 
Companies Act,2013 is not required to be ﬁled by us in 
Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the 
Central Government.
c) To the best of our knowledge and according to the 
informa on and explana ons given to us, no whistle-
blower complaints have been received by the Company 
during the year.
xii.  In our opinion and according to the informa on and 
explana ons given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi 
Company. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
xiii.  According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the Company has entered into transac ons 
with related par es in compliance with the provisions of 
sec ons 177 and 188 of the Act. The details of such 
related party transac ons have been disclosed in the 
ﬁnancial statements as required under the Indian 
Accoun ng Standards (Ind AS) 24, Related Party 
Disclosures speciﬁed under sec on 133 of the Act, read 
with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accoun ng 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended).
xiv.  In our opinion and based on our examina on, the 
Company has an internal audit system commensurate 
with the size and nature of its business; We have 
considered internal audit reports of the Company 
issued  ll date for the period under audit.
xv.  According to the informa on and explana ons given to 
us and based on our examina on of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not entered into non-cash 
transac ons with directors or persons connected with 
him. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xv) of the Order is not 
applicable.
a) The Company is not required to be registered under 
sec on 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act 
1934.Accordingly, paragraph 3 (xvi)(a) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
b) In our opinion, the Company has not conducted any 
Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance ac vi es 
during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 
3(xvi)(b) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company;
c) In our opinion, the Company is not a Core Investment 
Company (CIC) as deﬁned in the regula ons made by 
the Reserve Bank of India. Therefore, the provisions of 
clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company;
d) According to the representa ons given by the 
management, the Company does not have any CIC. 
Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order 
are not applicable to the Company;
xvi.  The Company has not incurred cash losses in the 
ﬁnancial year and in the immediately preceding 
ﬁnancial year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xvii) 
of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
xvii. There has been no resigna on of statutory auditors 
during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 
3(xviii) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
1492023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 153 =====
150
xviii.There has been no resigna on of statutory auditors during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xviii) of the Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
xix. According to the informa on and explana ons given to us and on the basis of the ﬁnancial ra os, ageing and expected dates of 
realiza on of ﬁnancial assets and payment of ﬁnancial liabili es, other informa on accompanying the standalone ﬁnancial 
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examina on of the evidence 
suppor ng the assump ons, nothing has come to our a en on, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists 
as on the date of the audit report that the Company is not capable of mee ng its liabili es exis ng at the date of balance sheet as 
and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our repor ng is based on the facts up to the date of the audit 
report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabili es falling due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx.  In respect of Corporate Social Responsibility Expenditure:
       According to the informa on and explana ons given to us and based on our examina on of the records of the Company, the 
provisions of sec on 135 of the Act are not applicable to the Company during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xx) of the order 
is not applicable.
xxi.  There are no qualiﬁca ons or adverse remarks by the auditor in the Companies (Auditors Report) Order (CARO) report of a 
subsidiary included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Further, according to the informa on and explana ons given to us, 
the ﬁnancial statements of the other subsidiaries and an associate included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements are 
unaudited and as prepared by the management.  Accordingly, the requirement to report on paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Holding company.
                      For Singhi & Co.                                                                             
Chartered Accountants                                                                
Firm Registra on No: 302049E
sd/-
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Date: May 23, 2024                                                                                                                                                              Membership No: 204936
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                             UDIN: 24204936BKGEAQ1396
===== PAGE 154 =====
Annexure – B to the Independent Auditor's Report of even date to the members of Orchid Pharma Limited on the Standalone ﬁnancial 
Statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2024 
(Referred to in paragraph 2 (f) of our Report on Other legal and regulatory requirements) 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of 
Sub-sec on 3 of Sec on 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the 
Act')
Opinion
1.   We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
repor ng of Orchid Pharma Limited ('the Company') as of and for 
the year ended March 31, 2024 in conjunc on with our audit of 
the Standalone ﬁnancial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
     In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial 
repor ng and such internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
repor ng were opera ng eﬀec vely as at March 31, 2024, based 
on the internal control over ﬁnancial repor ng criteria 
established by the Company considering the essen al 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Repor ng 
issued by the Ins tute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2.   The Company's management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal ﬁnancial controls based on the internal 
control over ﬁnancial repor ng criteria established by the 
Company considering the essen al components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Repor ng issued by the Ins tute of 
Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI'). These responsibili es 
include the design, implementa on and maintenance of 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls that were opera ng 
eﬀec vely for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company's policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the preven on and detec on of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accoun ng 
records, and the  mely prepara on of reliable ﬁnancial 
informa on, as required under the Act.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Repor ng (the 'Guidance Note') and the Standards on Audi ng, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under sec on 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal ﬁnancial controls, both applicable to an audit 
of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Ins tute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
repor ng was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated eﬀec vely in all material respects.
4.   Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial controls 
system over ﬁnancial repor ng and their opera ng eﬀec veness. 
Our audit of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng 
included obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and tes ng and evalua ng the design 
and opera ng eﬀec veness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the standalone ﬁnancial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error.
5.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Company's internal ﬁnancial controls system over 
ﬁnancial repor ng.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Repor ng
6.   Company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial repor ng 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of ﬁnancial repor ng and the prepara on of 
standalone ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accoun ng principles. A 
Company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial repor ng 
includes those policies and procedures that
     (1)    pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transac ons and 
disposi ons of the assets of the Company;
   (2)   provide reasonable assurance that transac ons are 
recorded as necessary to permit prepara on of 
standalone ﬁnancial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accoun ng principles, and that 
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being 
made only in accordance with authoriza ons of 
management and directors of the Company; and
   (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding preven on or 
 mely detec on of unauthorized acquisi on, use, or 
disposi on of the Company's assets that could have a 
material eﬀect on the standalone ﬁnancial statements.
Inherent Limita ons of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Repor ng
7. Because of the inherent limita ons of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng, including the possibility of 
collusion or improper management override of controls,
1512023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 155 =====
152
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projec ons of any evalua on of the internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial repor ng may 
become inadequate because of changes in condi ons, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
For Singhi & Co.                                                                             
Chartered Accountants                                                                
Firm Registra on No: 302049E
sd/-
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Date: May 23, 2024                                                                                                                                                              Membership No: 204936
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                             UDIN: 24204936BKGEAQ1396
===== PAGE 156 =====
Declara on in respect of un-modiﬁed opinion on the Annual Audited Standalone Financial Results
Pursuant to Regula on 33 (3) (c) of the SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure  Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 read with SEBI Circular 
CIR/CFD/CMD/56/2016 dated May 26, 2016, we hereby declare and conﬁrm that the Statutory Auditors of Orchid Pharma Limited ("the 
Company"), M/s. Singhi & Co. have issued an un-modiﬁed Audit Report on Audited Standalone Financial Results of the Company for 
quarter/ year ended March 31, 2024.
For Orchid Pharma Limited
Sd/-
Sunil Kumar Gupta
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Date: May 23, 2024
1532023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 157 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
As at As at
Notes March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4 61,512.13
              
57,267.07
                     
Intangible assets 4                        64.08 38.57
                             
Capital work in progress 5 1,018.27
                 
4,609.18
                       
Intangible assets under development 5 1,427.77
                 
-
                                 
Right of use assets 4 66.91
                      
-
                                 
Financial assets
Investments 6 6,939.79
                 
5,011.85
                       
Other ﬁnancial assets 7 596.37                    687.48                           
Non Current tax assets (net) 8 5,130.15                 5,130.15                       
Other non current assets 9 235.89                    202.11                           
Total non-current assets 76,991.36              72,946.41                     
Current assets
Inventories 10 26,422.61              22,873.80                     
Financial assets
Investments 11 -                           -                                 
Trade receivables 12 18,937.04              21,190.73                     
Cash and cash equivalents 13 29.47                      1,830.77                       
Bank balances other than above 14 25,693.26              402.91                           
Loans to Subsidiaries 15 788.97                    469.72                           
Other ﬁnancial assets 16 434.68                    0.13                               
Current tax assets (net) 17 168.93                    95.37                             
Other current assets 18 5,754.09                 2,515.95                       
Total current assets 78,229.05              49,379.38                     
Total Assets 1,55,220.41           1,22,325.79                  
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 19 5,071.91
                 
4,081.64
                       Other equity 20 1,16,759.79
           
69,114.62
                     Total equity 1,21,831.70
           
73,196.26
                     
Liabili es
Non-current liabili es
Financial liabili es
Borrowings 21 12,020.91
              
14,883.76
                     Lease Liabili es 22 37.00
                      
-
                                 Provisions 23 363.37
                    
1,260.18
                       Deferred Tax Liability (Net) 24 -
                           
322.62
                           Total non-current liabili es 12,421.28
              
16,466.56
                     
₹ in lakhs
154
===== PAGE 158 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
                                   
As at As at
Notes March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Current liabili es
Financial liabili es
Borrowings 25 1,404.75                 18,250.81                     
Lease Liabili es 26 33.33                      -                                 
Trade payables 27
 - Outstanding Dues of Micro and Small Enterprises 866.53                    158.44                           
 - Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than Micro and Small  Enterprises 17,072.35              12,752.17                     
Short term provisions 28 208.47                    348.60                           
Other current liabili es 29 1,382.00                 1,152.95                       
Total current liabili es 20,967.43              32,662.97                     
Total Liabili es 33,388.71              49,129.53                     
1,55,220.41           1,22,325.79                  
Material Accoun ng Policies 3
Total Equity and Liabili es
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Sd/- Managing Director Whole me director
Sudesh Choraria DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Partner
Membership No. 204936 Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23,  2024 Date: May 23,  2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
₹ in lakhs
 1552023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 159 =====
Standalone Proﬁt & Loss as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Con nuing Opera ons
A Income
Revenue from opera ons 30 81,936.82
                    
66,589.84
                
Other income 31 3,038.94
                      
1,943.05
                  
Total income 84,975.76
                    
68,532.89
                
B Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 32 52,835.31
                    
40,609.61
                
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and WIP 33 (4,389.40)
                     
(2,147.54)
                 
Employee Beneﬁts Expense 34 6,964.17
                      
6,535.04
                  
Deprecia on and amor sa on expense 35 3,321.90
                      
5,478.68
                  
Finance costs 36 1,632.75
                      
3,222.57
                  
Other expenses 37 15,458.70
                    
13,230.88
                
Total expenses 75,823.43                    66,929.24                
C Proﬁt / (Loss) before excep onal items and tax 9,152.33                      1,603.65                  
Excep onal items - Income / (Expenses) (Refer Note 54) -                                 3,921.04                  
D Proﬁt / (Loss) before tax from con nuing opera ons 9,152.33                      5,524.69                  
Income tax expense
Current tax -                                 -                             
Deferred tax charge/ (credit) 38 (322.62)                        -                             
Proﬁt / (Loss) a er tax from con nuing opera ons 9,474.95                      5,524.69                  
Discon nuing Opera ons
E Proﬁt / (Loss) for the year from discon nued opera ons -                                 (105.81)                    
Tax expense of discon nued opera ons -                                 -                             Proﬁt / (Loss) from discon nued opera ons a er tax -
                                 
(105.81)
                    
F Proﬁt /(Loss) for the year 9,474.95
                      
5,418.88
                  
G Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss -
                                 
-
                             Remeasurement of post employment beneﬁt obliga ons (45.06)
                           
(23.28)
                       Gain/ (Loss) on fair valua on of investments 11.34
                            
5.40
                          Income tax (charge)/ credit rela ng to these items -
                                 
-
                             Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (33.72)
                           
(17.88)
                       
Total comprehensive Proﬁt/ (loss) for the year 9,441.23 5,401.00
Notes For the year ended For the year 
ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
₹ in lakhs
156
===== PAGE 160 =====
                                                    
Earnings per share
Earnings per 
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.59                            13.54                        
- Diluted       ( Rs.) 19.59                            13.54                        
- Basic       ( Rs.) -                                 (0.26)                         
- Diluted       ( Rs.) -                                 (0.26)                         
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.59                            13.28                        
- Diluted       ( Rs.) 19.59                            13.28                        
Material Accoun ng Policies 3
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued & con nuing opera ons) :
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued opera ons ) :
39
Notes For the year ended For the year 
ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Standalone Proﬁt & Loss as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
As per our report of even date a ached  
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E
Sd/-
Sd/- Manish Dhanuka Mridul Dhanuka
Sudesh Choraria Managing Director Whole me director
Partner DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Membership No. 204936
Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23,  2024 Date: May 23,  2024
For and on behalf of the board
Sd/-
Sd/-
₹ in lakhs
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
 1572023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 161 =====
Standalone cash ﬂows for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Par culars For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Cash Flow From Opera ng Ac vi es
Proﬁt/ (loss) before income tax                  9,152.33                  5,418.88 
     Adjustments for
Deprecia on and amor sa on expense of con nuing opera ons                  3,321.90                  5,478.68 
(Proﬁt)/ loss on sale of ﬁxed assets (Net) (including Excep onal item)                               -                  (3,998.50)
Loss on sale/ discard  of property, plant and equipment                        18.84                               -   
Advances / Debit balances wri en oﬀ (Net)                        46.27                               -   
Interest income                (1,587.47)                      (61.80)
Forex Gain/ (Loss) Unrealised                     762.64                     651.48 
Allowance for expected credit loss                      (26.51)                     118.83 
Finance costs                  1,632.75                  3,222.57 
(Proﬁt) / loss on sale of investments                               -                          (1.54)
13,320.75
              
10,828.60
              Change in opera ng assets and liabili es
     (Increase)/ decrease in Other ﬁnancial assets (228.14)
                  
(681.15)
                       (Increase)/ decrease in Inventories (3,548.81)
               
(5,608.17)
                    (Increase)/ decrease in Trade Receivables 2,540.21
                
(4,870.12)
                    (Increase)/ decrease in Other assets (3,318.19)
               
721.40
                         Increase/ (decrease) in Provisions and other liabili es (759.34)
                  
(581.61)
                       Increase/ (decrease) in Trade payables 4,992.52
                
1,559.78
                Cash generated from opera ons               12,999.00                  1,368.73 
Less : Income taxes paid/ (refund received) 73.58                      (29.85)                     Net cash from opera ng ac vi es (A)               13,072.58                  1,338.88 
Cash Flows From Inves ng Ac vi es
Purchase of Property, plant and equipment (including changes in CWIP) (5,515.25)               (8,455.30)               Sale proceeds of Property, plant and equipment -                           93.55                      Net Sale proceeds of Land & Buildings -                           5,761.00                (Purchase)/ disposal proceeds of Investments (net) (1,927.94)               (103.56)                  
(Investments in)/ Maturity of ﬁxed deposits with banks (25,290.35)            (27.27)                     
Interest received 1,152.92                61.81                      
Net cash used in inves ng ac vi es (B)              (31,580.62)                (2,669.77)
Cash Flows From Financing Ac vi es
Proceeds from issue of equity share capital (net of share issue expenses) 39,194.21              -                           
Proceeds / (Repayment) of Short term Borrowings (net) -                           17,319.84              
Repayment of Long term Borrowings (net) (20,854.72)            (10,980.63)            
Finance costs (1,632.75)               (3,222.57)               
Net cash from/ (used in) ﬁnancing ac vi es (C)               16,706.74                  3,116.64 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) (1,801.30)               1,785.75                
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year 1,830.77                45.02                      
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                        29.47                  1,830.77 
158
===== PAGE 162 =====
Standalone cash ﬂows for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Notes: 
1. The above cash ﬂow statement has been prepared under indirect method prescribed in Ind AS 7 "Cash Flow Statements".
2. Components of cash and cash equivalents
Balances with banks
- in current accounts 27.65                      1,830.11                
Cash on hand 1.82                        0.66                        
29.47                      1,830.77                
3. Reconcilia on of Liabili es arising from ﬁnancing ac vii es
Par culars Cash Flows Non-Cash 
Changes
Outstanding as 
at 31 March, 
2024
Long Term Borrowings 19039.52 (8,164.42)                           1145.81 12020.91
Short Term Borrowings 14095.05 (12,690.30)                        1404.75
Total Liabili es from 
ﬁnancing ac vi es 33134.57 (20,854.72)                        1145.81 13425.66
Outstanding as at      
1st April, 2023
Par culars For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E
Sd/- Sd/-
Sd/- Manish Dhanuka
Sudesh Choraria Managing Director Whole me director
Partner DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Membership No. 204936
Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23,  2024 Date: May 23,  2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
 1592023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 163 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
(A) Equity Share Capital
Balance at the end of March 31, 2022 4,081.64
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors
Changes in equity share capital during the year -
Balance at the end of March 31, 2023 4,081.64
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors
Changes in equity share capital during the year 990.27
Balance at the end of March 31, 2024 5,071.91
(B) Other Equity
Par culars Capital 
Reserve
Capital 
Reserve on 
Amalgama on
Securi es
Premium 
Reserve
Equity 
component 
of Op onally 
conver ble 
debentures
General 
Reserve
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Retained 
Earnings
Total
Balance as at March 31, 2022 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (9.69) (2,13,663.78) 63,713.62
Total Comprehensive Income for the year (17.88) 5,418.88 5,401.00
Changes due to prior period errors - - - - - - - -
Restated Balance as at April 1, 2022 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (27.57) (2,08,244.90) 69,114.62
Addi ons/ (deduc ons) during the year - - - - - 23.28 (23.28) -
Balance as at March 31, 2023 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (4.29) (2,08,268.18) 69,114.62
Total Comprehensive Income for the year (33.72) 9,474.95 9,441.23
Changes due to prior period errors - - - - - - - -
Restated Balance as at March 31, 2024 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (38.01) (1,98,793.23) 78,555.85
Addi ons/ (deduc ons) during the year (net) 45.06 (45.06) -
Shares allo ed during the year (QIP) (Refer Note 53) - - 38,203.94 - - - - 38,203.94
Balance as at March 31, 2024 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 84,651.80 6,856.06 55,851.90 7.05 (1,98,838.29) 1,16,759.79
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
Sudesh Choraria Manish Dhanuka Mridul Dhanuka
Partner Managing Director Whole me director
Membership No. 204936 DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23,  2024 Date: May 23,  2024
For and on behalf of the board
160
===== PAGE 164 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
1.   Corporate Informa on
Orchid Pharma Ltd., is one of the leading pharmaceu cal companies in India head quartered in Chennai and involved in the 
development, manufacture and marke ng of diverse bulk ac ves, formula ons and nutraceu cals with exports spanning over 40 
countries. Orchid’s world class manufacturing infrastructure include USFDA compliant API and Finished Dosage Form facili es at Chennai 
in India. Orchid has dedicated state-of-art and GLP compliant R&D infrastructure for Process research, Drug Discovery and 
Pharmaceu cal research at Chennai, India. Orchid has ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 cer ﬁca ons. Orchid’s Equity shares are listed on the 
Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and the BSE Limited (BSE) in India.
According to the Resolu on Plan approved by the Hon'ble Na onal Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) has, by its order dated June 27, 2019 
and the order of the Hon'ble Supreme Court vide its order dated February 28, 2020, Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (DLL), the successful 
Resolu on Applicant, implemented the resolu on plan on March 31, 2020. 
DLL infused the funds as per the terms of the resolu on plan through a special purpose vehicle, Dhanuka Pharmaceu cals Private 
Limited. The special purpose vehicle was later on merged with the Company as per the terms of the approved resolu on plan. Thus the 
Company became a subsidiary of M/s Dhanuka Laboratories Limited with eﬀect from March 31, 2020.
2.   Basis of prepara on of ﬁnancial statements
Statement of compliance
These ﬁnancial statements are prepared in accordance with Indian Accoun ng Standards (Ind AS) under the historical cost conven on on 
the accrual basis except for certain ﬁnancial instruments which are measured at fair values, the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(‘the Act’) (to the extent no ﬁed) and guidelines issued by the Securi es and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The Ind AS are prescribed 
under Sec on 133 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian 
Accoun ng Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, as amended from  me to  me.
Basis of prepara on and presenta on
Pursuant to the order of the Hon'ble NCLT, the approved Resolu on Plan was implemented during March 2020 and the Board of Directors 
of the Company was recons tuted on March 31, 2020 based on the nomina ons from the Resolu on Applicant. DLL has also infused the 
amounts in the Company  and se led all the ﬁnancial and opera ng creditors of the Company as per the terms of the approved 
Resolu on Plan.
In view of the implementa on of the Resolu on Plan,  the ﬁnancial statements have been prepared and presented by the Company on a 
going concern basis.
Use of es mates
The prepara on of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accoun ng Principles (GAAP) requires management to 
make judgments, es mates and assump ons that aﬀect the applica on of accoun ng policies and reported amounts of assets, liabili es, 
income and expenses and the disclosure of con ngent liabili es on the date of the ﬁnancial statements. Actual results could diﬀer from 
those es mates. Es mates and underlying assump ons are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Any revision to accoun ng es mates is 
recognised prospec vely in current and future periods.
Func onal and presenta on currency
These ﬁnancial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is the Company’s func onal currency. All ﬁnancial informa on 
presented in INR has been rounded to the nearest Lakhs (up to two decimals). 
The ﬁnancial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors on May 23, 2024.
    2A   Cri cal accoun ng es mates and management judgments
  In applica on of the accoun ng policies, which are described in note 3, the management of the Company is required to make       
judgements, es mates and assump ons about the carrying amounts of assets and liabili es that are not readily apparent from other 
sources. The es mates and assump ons are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
  1612023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 165 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Informa on about signiﬁcant areas of es ma on, uncertainty and cri cal judgements used in applying accoun ng policies that have the 
most signiﬁcant eﬀect on the amounts recognised in the ﬁnancial statements is included in the following notes:
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and Intangible Assets
The residual values and es mated useful life of PPEs and Intangible Assets are assessed by the technical team at each repor ng date by 
taking into account the nature of asset, the es mated usage of the asset, the opera ng condi on of the asset, past history of 
replacement and maintenance support. Upon review, the management accepts the assigned useful life and residual value for 
computa on of deprecia on/amor sa on. Also, management judgement is exercised for classifying the asset as investment proper es 
or vice versa.
Current tax
Calcula ons of income taxes for the current period are done based on applicable tax laws and management’s judgement by evalua ng 
posi ons taken in tax returns and interpreta ons of relevant provisions of law.
Deferred Tax Assets
Signiﬁcant management judgement is exercised by reviewing the deferred tax assets at each repor ng date to determine the amount of 
deferred tax assets that can be retained/ recognised, based upon the likely  ming and the level of future taxable proﬁts together with 
future tax planning strategies.
Fair value
Management uses valua on techniques in measuring the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments where ac ve market quotes are not 
available. In applying the valua on techniques, management makes maximum use of market inputs and uses es mates and assump ons 
that are, as far as possible, consistent with observable data that market par cipants would use in pricing the instrument. Where 
applicable data is not observable, management uses its best es mate about the assump ons that market par cipants would make. 
These es mates may vary from the actual prices that would be achieved in an arm’s length transac on at the repor ng date.
Impairment of Trade Receivables
The impairment for trade receivables are done based on assump ons about risk of default and expected loss rates. The assump ons, 
selec on of inputs for calcula on of impairment are based on management judgement considering the past history, market condi ons 
and forward looking es mates at the end of each repor ng date.
Impairment of Non-ﬁnancial assets (PPE)
The  impairment  of  non-ﬁnancial  assets  is  determined  based  on  es ma on  of recoverable  amount  of  such  assets.  The  
assump ons  used  in  compu ng  the recoverable amount are based on management judgement considering the  ming of future cash 
ﬂows, discount rates and the risks speciﬁc to the asset.
Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plans and Other long term employee beneﬁts
The cost of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan and other long term employee beneﬁts, and the present value of such obliga on are determined by 
the independent actuarial valuer. An actuarial valua on involves making various assump ons that may diﬀer from actual developments 
in future. Management believes that the assump ons used by the actuary in determina on of the discount rate, future salary increases, 
mortality rates and a ri on rates are reasonable. Due to the complexi es involved in the valua on and  its  long term  nature, this  
obliga on is  highly sensi ve  to changes  in these assump ons. All assump ons are reviewed at each repor ng date.
Fair value measurement of ﬁnancial instruments
When  the  fair  values  of  ﬁnancial  assets  and  ﬁnancial  liabili es  could  not  be measured based on quoted prices in ac ve markets, 
management uses valua on techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model, to determine its fair value  The  inputs  to  
these  models  are  taken  from  observable  markets  where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is exercised in 
establishing fair values. Judgements include considera ons of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and vola lity.
Provisions and con ngencies
The recogni on and measurement of other provisions are based on the assessment of the probability of an ou low of resources, and on 
past experience and circumstances known at the repor ng date. The actual ou low of resources at a future date may therefore vary from 
the ﬁgure es mated at end of each repor ng period.
162
===== PAGE 166 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
    2B   Recent accoun ng pronouncements
         Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (“MCA”) no ﬁes new standards or amendments to the exis ng standards under Companies (Indian 
Accoun ng Standards) Rules as issued from  me to  me. For the year ended March 31, 2024, MCA has not no ﬁed any new 
standards or amendments to the exis ng standards applicable to the Company.
3.   Material Accoun ng Policies
The material accoun ng policies applied in the prepara on of the ﬁnancial statements are set out below. These policies have been 
consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated
    a.   Current versus non-current classiﬁca on
          The Company presents assets and liabili es in the balance sheet based on current/ non-current classiﬁca on.
          An asset is treated as current when it is:
▪ Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal opera ng cycle
▪ Held primarily for the purpose of trading
▪ Expected to be realised within twelve months a er the repor ng period, or
▪ Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to se le a liability for at least twelve months a er 
the repor ng period
          All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current.
          
         A liability is current when:
▪ It is expected to be se led in normal opera ng cycle
▪ It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
▪ It is due to be se led within twelve months a er the repor ng period, or
▪ There is no uncondi onal right to defer the se lement of the liability for at least twelve months a er the repor ng period
        All other liabili es are classiﬁed as non-current.
        Deferred tax assets and liabili es are classiﬁed as non-current assets and liabili es.
       The opera ng cycle is the  me between the acquisi on of assets for processing and their realisa on in cash and cash equivalents. The 
Company has iden ﬁed 12 months as its opera ng cycle for the purpose of classiﬁca on of its assets and liabili es as current and 
non-current.
    b.   Fair value measurement
          The Company has applied the fair value measurement wherever necessitated at each repor ng period.
        Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transac on between market 
par cipants at the measurement date.  The fair value measurement is based on the presump on that the transac on to sell the 
asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
▪ In the principal market for the asset or liability;
▪ In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
         The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.
         The fair value of an asset or liability is measured using the assump ons that market par cipants would use when pricing the asset or 
liability, assuming that market par cipants act in their economic best interest. 
         A fair value measurement of a non - ﬁnancial asset takes into account a market par cipant's ability to generate economic beneﬁts by 
using the asset in its highest and the best use or by selling it to another  market par cipant that would use the asset in its highest and 
best use.
      The Company uses valua on techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which suﬃcient data are available to 
measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
  1632023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 167 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
       All assets and liabili es for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements are categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
        Level  1 : Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in ac ve market for iden cal assets or liabili es;
        Level 2 : Valua on techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly 
observable; and
        Level 3 : Valua on techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant  to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
    For assets and liabili es that are recognized in the ﬁnancial statements on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categoriza on (based on the lowest level input that is 
signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each repor ng period.
   
    The Company has designated the respec ve team leads to determine the policies and procedures for both recurring and non - 
recurring fair value measurement.  External valuers are involved, wherever necessary with the approval of Company's board of 
directors.  Selec on criteria include market knowledge, reputa on, independence and whether professional standards are 
maintained. 
     For the purpose of fair value disclosure, the Company has determined classes of assets and liabili es on the basis of the nature, 
characteris cs and risk of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.  The component wise fair 
value measurement is disclosed in the relevant notes.
    c.   Revenue Recogni on
         Sale of goods
        Revenue is recognised when the company sa sﬁes a performance obliga on by transferring a promised good or service (i.e. an 
asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when the customer obtains control of that asset., which generally coincides with the 
despatch of the goods or as per the inco-terms agreed with the customers.
        Revenue is measured at the transac on price  received or receivable, taking into account contractually deﬁned terms of payment. It 
comprises of invoice value of goods a er deduc ng discounts, volume rebates and applicable taxes on sale. It also excludes value of 
self-consump on.
        Export en tlements
       In respect of the exports made by the Company, the related export en tlements from Government authori es are recognised in the 
statement of proﬁt and loss when the right to receive the incen ves/ en tlements as per the terms of the scheme is established and 
where there is no signiﬁcant uncertainty regarding the ul mate collec on of the relevant export proceeds.
        Interest Income
       Interest income is recorded using the eﬀec ve interest rate (EIR) method. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the es mated future 
cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the gross 
carrying amount of the ﬁnancial asset or to the amor sed cost of a ﬁnancial liability. When calcula ng the eﬀec ve interest rate, the 
Company es mates the expected cash ﬂows by considering all the contractual terms of the ﬁnancial instrument (for example, 
prepayment, extension, call and similar op ons) but does not consider the expected credit losses.
  
        Dividend income
        Dividend income is recognized when the company’s right to receive dividend is established by the repor ng date, which is generally 
when shareholders approve the dividend.
    d.   Property, plant and equipment and capital work in progress 
 
        Presenta on
      Property, plant and equipment and capital work in progress are stated at cost, net of accumulated deprecia on and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment and borrowing costs of a 
qualifying asset,  if the recogni on criteria are met. When signiﬁcant parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced at 
intervals, the Company depreciates them separately based on their speciﬁc useful lives. All other repair and maintenance costs are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss as incurred. 
164
===== PAGE 168 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
        Advances paid towards the acquisi on of tangible assets outstanding at each balance sheet date, are disclosed as capital advances 
under long term loans and advances and the cost of the tangible assets not ready for their intended use before such date, are 
disclosed as capital work in progress.
         Component Cost
        All signiﬁcant components have been iden ﬁed and have been accounted separately. The useful life of such component are analysed 
independently and wherever components are having diﬀerent useful life other than plant they are part of, useful life of components 
are considered for calcula on of deprecia on.
        The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable 
that the future economic beneﬁts embodied within the part will ﬂow to the Company and its cost can be measured reliably. The 
costs of repairs and maintenance are recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss as incurred.
  
        Machinery spares/ insurance spares that can be issued only in connec on with an item of ﬁxed assets and their issue is expected to 
be irregular are capitalised. Replacement of such spares is charged to revenue. Other spares are charged as revenue expenditure as 
and when consumed.
     
         Derecogni on
        Gains or losses arising from derecogni on of property, plant and equipment are measured as the diﬀerence between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of proﬁt and loss when the asset is 
derecognized.
    e.  Deprecia on on property, plant and equipment
      Deprecia on is the systema c alloca on of the depreciable amount of an asset over its useful life on a straight line method. The 
depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount subs tuted for cost, less 5% being its residual value.
        Deprecia on is provided on straight line method, over the useful lives speciﬁed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, except in 
respect of certain assets, where useful life es mated based on internal assessment and/or independent technical evalua on 
carried out by external valuer, past trends and diﬀers from the useful lives as prescribed under Part C of Schedule II of the Companies 
Act 2013.
    
     Deprecia on for PPE on addi ons is calculated on pro-rata basis from the date of such addi ons. For dele on/ disposals, the 
deprecia on is calculated on pro-rata basis up to the date on which such assets have been discarded/ sold. Addi ons to ﬁxed assets, 
cos ng Rs.5000 each or less are fully depreciated retaining its residual value. 
   
        The residual values, useful lives and methods of deprecia on of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each ﬁnancial year 
end and adjusted prospec vely, if appropriate.
        Right to use assets (lease hold buildings) is amor sed on straight line method over a period of lease.
    f.  Intangible assets
        Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on ini al recogni on at cost. The cost of a separately acquired intangible asset 
comprises (a) its purchase price, including import du es and non-refundable purchase taxes, a er deduc ng trade discounts and 
rebates; and (b) any directly a ributable cost of preparing the asset for its intended use.
       Following ini al recogni on, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amor sa on and accumulated impairment 
losses. 
        Drug Master Files (“DMF”) and Abbreviated New Drug Applica ons (“ANDA”) costs represent expenses incurred on development of 
processes and compliance with regulatory procedures of the US FDA, in ﬁling DMF and ANDA, in respect of products for which 
commercial value has been established by virtue of third party agreements/ arrangements.
        
  1652023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 169 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
         Useful life and amor sa on of intangible assets
        The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either ﬁnite or indeﬁnite. Intangible assets with ﬁnite lives are amor sed over the 
useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indica on that the intangible asset may be impaired. The 
amor sa on period and the amor sa on method for an intangible asset with a ﬁnite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of 
each repor ng period. 
   
      The amor sa on expense on intangible assets with ﬁnite lives is recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss unless such 
expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
         Intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives are not amor sed, but are tested for impairment annually.  The assessment of indeﬁnite 
life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indeﬁnite life con nues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from 
indeﬁnite to ﬁnite is made on a prospec ve basis. The cost of each DMF/ ANDA (self generated intangible assets) is amor sed to the 
extent of recovery of developmental costs applicable as per terms of the agreement or over a period of 5 years from the date on 
which the product covered by DMF/ ANDA is commercially marketed, whichever is earlier.
         Subsequent cost and measurement
      Subsequent costs are capitalised only when it increases the future economic beneﬁts embodied in the speciﬁc asset to which it 
relates. All other expenditures, including expenditure on internally-generated intangibles, are recognised in the statement of proﬁt 
and loss as incurred.
      Subsequent to ini al recogni on, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amor sa on and 
accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
  
      The amor sa on expense on intangible assets with ﬁnite lives is recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss unless such 
expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
    g.  Inventories
         Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value.  Cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present loca on and condi on, cost being determined based on weighted average method.
       In respect of work-in-progress, intermediaries and ﬁnished goods, cost also includes the variable and ﬁxed overhead incurred for 
bringing the inventory to present loca on and condi ons.
      Net realisable value is the es mated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less es mated costs of comple on and the 
es mated costs necessary to make the sale.
    h.  Financial Instruments
     Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es are recognised when an en ty becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instruments.
 
         Financial assets
         Ini al recogni on and measurement
       All ﬁnancial assets are recognised ini ally at fair value. However, in the case of ﬁnancial assets not recorded at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss, transac on costs that are a ributable to the acquisi on of the ﬁnancial asset are also added to  the cost of the 
ﬁnancial asset. Purchases or sales of ﬁnancial assets that require delivery of assets within a  me frame established by regula on or 
conven on in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Company commits to 
purchase or sell the asset.
         Subsequent measurement
       For purposes of subsequent measurement, ﬁnancial assets are classiﬁed on the basis of their contractual cash ﬂow characteris cs 
and the en ty's business model of managing them.
166
===== PAGE 170 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
         Financial assets are classiﬁed into the following categories:
▪ Debt instruments at amor sed cost
▪ Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
▪ Debt instruments, deriva ves and equity instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL)
▪ Equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
         Debt instruments at amor sed cost
         The Company classiﬁes a debt instrument as at amor sed cost, if both the following condi ons are met:
         a)   The asset is held within a business model whose objec ve is to hold assets for collec ng contractual cash ﬂows; and
        b)   Contractual terms of the asset give rise on speciﬁed dates to cash ﬂows that are Solely Payments of Principal and Interest (SPPI) 
on the principal amount outstanding.
        Such ﬁnancial assets are subsequently measured at amor sed cost using the eﬀec ve interest rate (EIR) method. Amor sed cost is 
calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisi on and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The 
EIR amor sa on is included in ﬁnance income in the proﬁt or loss. The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the proﬁt or 
loss.
         Debt instrument at FVTOCI
         The Company classiﬁes a debt instrument at FVTOCI, if both of the following criteria are met:
         a)   The objec ve of the business model is achieved both by collec ng contractual cash ﬂows and selling the ﬁnancial assets, and
         b)   The asset’s contractual cash ﬂows represent SPPI.
  
        Debt instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured as at each repor ng date at fair value. Fair value movements 
are recognized in the other comprehensive income (OCI). However, the Company recognizes ﬁnance income, impairment losses 
and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the proﬁt and loss statement. On derecogni on of the asset, cumula ve gain or 
loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassiﬁed from the equity to proﬁt and loss. Interest earned whilst holding FVTOCI debt 
instrument is reported as interest income using the EIR method.
 
         Debt instrument at FVTPL
         The Company classiﬁes all debt instruments, which do not meet the criteria for categoriza on as at amor zed cost or as FVTOCI, as 
at FVTPL.
         Equity investments
         All equity investments in scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for trading are classiﬁed 
as at FVTPL. Where  the Company makes an irrevocable elec on of classifying the equity instruments at FVTOCI, it recognises all 
subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI, without any recycling of the amounts from OCI to proﬁt and loss, even on sale of such 
investments.
         Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the proﬁt and loss.
         Financial assets are measured at FVTPL except for those ﬁnancial assets whose contractual terms give rise to cash ﬂows on speciﬁed 
dates that represents SPPI, are measured as detailed below depending on the business model:
Classiﬁca on Name of the ﬁnancial asset
Amor sed cost Trade receivables, Loans given to employees and others, deposits, interest receivable and other
advances recoverable in cash.
FVTOCI Equity investments in companies other than subsidiaries and associates if an op on exercised
at the  me of ini al recogni on.
FVTPL Other investments  in  equity instruments
Derecogni on
A ﬁnancial asset is primarily derecognised when:
▪ The rights to receive cash ﬂows from the asset have expired, or
▪ The Company has transferred its rights to receive cash ﬂows from the asset or has assumed an obliga on to pay the 
received cash ﬂows in full without signiﬁcant delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and either
  1672023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 171 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
 (a) the Company has transferred substan ally all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Company has neither 
transferred nor retained substan ally all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
When the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash ﬂows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it 
evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained 
substan ally all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company con nues to recognise the 
transferred asset to the extent of the Company’s con nuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reﬂects the rights and obliga ons that the 
Company has retained.
Con nuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original 
carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of considera on that the Company could be required to repay.
Impairment of ﬁnancial assets
In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement and recogni on of 
impairment loss on the following ﬁnancial assets and credit risk exposure:
a)   Financial assets that are debt instruments, and are measured at amor sed cost e.g., loans, debt securi es, deposits, receivables         
and bank balance.
b)   Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured at FVTOCI
c)   Trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another ﬁnancial asset that result from transac ons that are within 
the scope of Ind AS 115 "Revenue from contract with Customers”
The Company follows ‘simpliﬁed approach’ for recogni on of impairment loss allowance on:
▪ Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables; and
▪ All lease receivables resul ng from transac ons within the scope of Ind AS 116 "Leases”
The applica on of simpliﬁed approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment loss allowance based on life me Expected Credit Loss (ECL) at each repor ng date, right from its ini al recogni on.
For recogni on of impairment loss on other ﬁnancial assets and risk exposure, the Company determines that whether there has 
been a signiﬁcant increase in the credit risk since ini al recogni on. If credit risk has not increased signiﬁcantly, 12 months ECL is 
used to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has increased signiﬁcantly, life me ECL is used. If, in a subsequent period, 
credit quality of the instrument improves such that there is no longer a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since ini al recogni on, then 
the en ty reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ECL.
Life me ECL are the expected credit losses resul ng from all possible default events over the expected life of a ﬁnancial instrument. 
The 12 months ECL is a por on of the life me ECL which results from default events that are possible within 12 months a er the 
repor ng date.
ECL is the diﬀerence between all contractual cash ﬂows that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash 
ﬂows that the en ty expects to receive (i.e., all cash shor alls), discounted at the original EIR. When es ma ng the cash ﬂows, the 
Company considers all contractual terms of the ﬁnancial instrument (including prepayment, extension, call and similar op ons) over 
the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument and Cash ﬂows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are 
integral to the contractual terms.
ECL allowance (or reversal) recognized during the period is recognized as income/ expense in the statement of proﬁt and loss. This 
amount is reﬂected under the head ‘other expenses’ in the proﬁt and loss. The balance sheet presenta on of ECL for various 
ﬁnancial instruments is described below:
▪ Financial assets measured as at amor sed cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables: ECL is 
presented as an allowance, which reduces the net carrying amount. Un l the asset meets write-oﬀ criteria, the 
Company does not reduce impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.
▪ Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: Since ﬁnancial assets are already reﬂected at fair value, impairment 
allowance is not further reduced from its value. Rather, ECL amount is presented as ‘accumulated impairment amount’ 
in the OCI.
168
===== PAGE 172 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment loss, the company combines ﬁnancial instruments on the basis of shared credit risk 
characteris cs with the objec ve of facilita ng an analysis that is designed to enable signiﬁcant increases in credit risk to be iden ﬁed on a  mely 
basis.
For impairment purposes, signiﬁcant ﬁnancial assets are tested on individual basis at each repor ng date. Other ﬁnancial assets are assessed 
collec vely in groups that share similar credit risk characteris cs. Accordingly, the impairment tes ng is done on the following basis:
Financial liabili es
Ini al recogni on and measurement
Financial liabili es are classiﬁed, at ini al recogni on, as ﬁnancial liabili es at FVTPL and as at amor sed cost.
Amor sed cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisi on and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The 
EIR amor sa on is included as ﬁnance costs in the statement of proﬁt and loss.
All ﬁnancial liabili es are recognised ini ally at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly a ributable 
transac on costs.
The Company’s ﬁnancial liabili es include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdra s, ﬁnancial guarantee contracts 
and deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments.
The measurement of ﬁnancial liabili es depends on their classiﬁca on, as described below:
Financial liabili es at FVTPL
Financial liabili es at FVTPL include ﬁnancial liabili es held for trading and ﬁnancial liabili es designated upon ini al recogni on as at fair value 
through proﬁt or loss. Financial liabili es are classiﬁed as held for trading, if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This 
category also includes deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge 
rela onships as deﬁned by Ind AS 109. Separated embedded deriva ves are also classiﬁed as held for trading unless they are designated as 
eﬀec ve hedging instruments.
Gains or losses on liabili es held for trading are recognised in the proﬁt or loss.
For liabili es designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses a ributable to changes in own credit risk are recognized in OCI. These gains/ loss are not 
subsequently transferred to proﬁt and loss. However, the Company may transfer the cumula ve gain or loss within equity. All other changes in fair 
value of such liability are recognised in the statement of proﬁt or loss. The Company has not designated any ﬁnancial liability as at fair value through 
proﬁt and loss.
Classiﬁca on Name of the ﬁnancial liability
Amor sed cost Borrowings, Trade payables, Interest accrued, Unclaimed / Disputed dividends, Security deposits
and other ﬁnancial liabili es not for trading.
FVTPL Foreign exchange Forward contracts being deriva ve contracts do not qualify for hedge
accoun ng under Ind AS 109 and other ﬁnancial liabili es held for trading.
Loans and borrowings
A er ini al recogni on, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amor sed cost using the EIR method. Gains and 
losses are recognised in proﬁt or loss when the liabili es are derecognised as well as through the EIR amor sa on process.
Financial guarantee contracts
A ﬁnancial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make speciﬁed payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a 
speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are ini ally measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss, are subsequently measured at higher of (i) The amount of loss allowance determined in accordance with impairment requirements of Ind 
AS 109 "Financial Instruments" and (ii) The amount ini ally recognised less, when appropriate, the cumula ve amount of income recognised in 
accordance with the principles of Ind AS 115 "Revenue from contract with Customers".
Trade Receivables
Other ﬁnancial assets
Expected Credit Loss model (ECL) is applied. The ECL over life me of the assets are es mated by using a 
provision  matrix  which  is  based  on  historical  loss rates reﬂec ng  current condi ons and forecasts of 
future economic condi ons which are grouped on the basis of similar credit characteris cs such as nature 
of industry,  customer  segment,  past  due  status  and other factors that are relevant to es mate the 
expected cash loss from these assets.
When the credit risk has not increased signiﬁcantly, 12 month ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. 
When there is signiﬁcant change in credit risk since ini al recogni on, the impairment is measured based 
on probability of default over the life  me. If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument 
improves such that there is no longer a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since ini al recogni on, then the  
en ty  reverts  to  recognising  impairment  loss allowance based on 12 month ECL.
Name of the ﬁnancial asset Impairment Tes ng Methodology
  1692023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 173 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments
The Company holds deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and op ons contracts to mi gate the risk of 
changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for these contracts is generally a bank.
Derecogni on of ﬁnancial liabili es
A ﬁnancial liability is derecognised when the obliga on under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an exis ng 
ﬁnancial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substan ally diﬀerent terms, or the terms of an exis ng liability are 
substan ally modiﬁed, such an exchange or modiﬁca on is treated as the derecogni on of the original liability and the recogni on 
of a new liability. The diﬀerence in the respec ve carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of proﬁt or loss.
Reclassiﬁca on of ﬁnancial assets
The Company determines classiﬁca on of ﬁnancial assets and liabili es on ini al recogni on. A er ini al recogni on, no 
reclassiﬁca on is made for ﬁnancial assets which are equity instruments and ﬁnancial liabili es. For ﬁnancial assets which are debt 
instruments, a reclassiﬁca on is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those assets. Changes to the 
business model are expected to be infrequent. The Company’s senior management determines change in the business model as a 
result of external or internal changes which are signiﬁcant to the Company’s opera ons. Such changes are evident to external 
par es. A change in the business model occurs when the Company either begins or ceases to perform an ac vity that is signiﬁcant to 
its opera ons. If the Company reclassiﬁes ﬁnancial assets, it applies the reclassiﬁca on prospec vely from the reclassiﬁca on date 
which is the ﬁrst day of the immediately next repor ng period following the change in business model. The Company does not 
restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.
The following table shows various reclassiﬁca on and how they are accounted for:
S.No Original 
classiﬁca on
Revised 
classiﬁca on
1 Amor sed cost FVTPL
2 FVTPL Amor sed Cost
3 Amor sed cost FVTOCI
4 FVTOCI Amor sed cost
5 FVTPL FVTOCI
6 FVTOCI FVTPL
Accoun ng treatment
Fair value is measured at reclassiﬁca on date. Diﬀerence between 
previous amor zed cost and fair value is recognised in P&L.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new gross carrying amount. 
EIR is calculated based on the new gross carrying amount.
Fair value is measured at reclassiﬁca on date. Diﬀerence between 
previous amor sed cost and fair value is recognised in OCI. No change in 
EIR due to reclassiﬁca on.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new amor sed cost carrying 
amount. However, cumula ve gain or loss in OCI is adjusted against fair 
value. Consequently, the asset is measured as if it had always been 
measured at amor sed cost.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new carrying amount. No 
other adjustment is required.
Assets con nue to be measured at fair value. Cumula ve gain or loss 
previously recognized in OCI is reclassiﬁed to P&L at the reclassiﬁca on 
date.
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es are oﬀset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet, if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to oﬀset the recognised amounts and there is an inten on to se le on a net basis, to realise the assets and 
se le the liabili es simultaneously.
Foreign currency transac ons and transla ons 
Transac ons and balances
Transac ons in foreign currencies are ini ally recorded by the Company at the func onal currency spot rates at the date at which the
 I)
170
===== PAGE 174 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
dates of the ini al transac ons. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at 
the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on transla on of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in 
line with the recogni on of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., transla on diﬀerences on items whose fair value gain 
or loss is recognised in OCI or proﬁt or loss are also recognised in OCI or proﬁt or loss, respec vely).
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates 
of the ini al transac ons. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the 
date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on transla on of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line 
with the recogni on of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., transla on diﬀerences on items whose fair value gain or 
loss is recognised in OCI or proﬁt or loss are also recognised in OCI or proﬁt or loss, respec vely).
The Company enters into forward exchange contract to hedge its risk associated with foreign currency ﬂuctua ons. The premium or 
discount arising at the incep on of a forward exchange contract is amor zed as expense or income over the life of the contract. In case of 
monetary items which are covered by forward exchange contract, the diﬀerence between the year end rate and rate on the date of the 
contract is recognized as exchange diﬀerence. Any proﬁt or loss arising on cancella on of a forward exchange contract is recognized as 
income or expense for that year.
Borrowing Costs
Borrowing cost  include  interest  computed using Eﬀec ve  Interest  Rate  method, amor sa on  of  ancillary  costs  incurred  and  
exchange  diﬀerences  arising  from foreign currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost.
Borrowing costs that are directly a ributable to the acquisi on, construc on, produc on of a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the 
cost of that asset which takes substan al period of  me to get ready for its intended use. The Company determines the amount of 
borrowing cost eligible for capitalisa on by applying capitalisa on rate to the expenditure incurred on such cost. The capitalisa on rate is 
determined based on the weighted average rate of borrowing cost applicable to the borrowings of the Company which are outstanding 
during the period, other than borrowings made speciﬁcally towards purchase of the qualifying asset. The amount of borrowing cost that 
the Company capitalises during the period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during that period. All other borrowings 
costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
Interest income earned on the temporary investment of speciﬁc borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted 
from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisa on. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss in the period 
in which they are incurred.
Government grants
Government  grants  are  recognised  at  fair  value  where  there  is  a  reasonable assurance  that  the  grant  will  be  received  and  all  the  
a ached  condi ons  are complied with.
In case of revenue related grant, the income is recognised on a systema c basis over the period for which it is intended to compensate an 
expense and is disclosed under “Other opera ng revenue” or ne ed oﬀ against corresponding expenses wherever appropriate. 
Receivables of such grants are shown under “Other Financial Assets”. Export beneﬁts are accounted for in the year of exports based on 
eligibility and when there is no uncertainty in receiving the same. Receivables of such beneﬁts are shown under “Other Financial Assets”.
Government grants related to assets, including non-monetary grants at fair value, shall be presented in the balance sheet by se ng up the 
grant as deferred income. The grant set up as deferred income is recognised in proﬁt or loss on a systema c basis over the useful life of the 
asset.
Taxes
Current income tax
Current income tax assets and liabili es are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxa on authori es. The 
tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substan vely enacted, at the repor ng date in the 
countries where the Company operates and generates taxable income.
Current income tax rela ng to items recognised outside proﬁt or loss is recognised outside proﬁt or loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correla on to the underlying transac on either in OCI or directly in equity. 
Management periodically evaluates posi ons taken in the tax returns with respect to situa ons in which applicable tax regula ons are 
subject to interpreta on and establishes provisions where  appropriate.
Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives future economic beneﬁts in the form of adjustment 
 j)
 k)
 l)
 1712023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 175 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
to future tax liability, is recognised as an asset viz. MAT Credit En tlement, to the extent there is convincing evidence that the 
Company will pay normal Income tax and it is highly probable that future economic beneﬁts associated with it will ﬂow to the 
Company during the speciﬁed  period.  The  Company  reviews  the  “MAT  Credit  En tlement”  at  each Balance Sheet date and 
writes down the carrying amount of the same to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the eﬀect that the  Company 
will pay normal Income tax during the speciﬁed period.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary diﬀerences between the tax bases of assets and liabili es and their 
carrying amounts for ﬁnancial repor ng purposes at the repor ng date.
Deferred tax liabili es are recognised for all taxable temporary diﬀerences.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable proﬁt will be available against which the deduc ble 
temporary diﬀerences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be u lised. Where there is deferred tax 
assets arising from carry forward of unused tax losses and unused tax created, they are recognised to the extent of deferred tax 
liability.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each repor ng date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable 
that suﬃcient taxable proﬁt will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be u lised. Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets are re-assessed at each repor ng date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable 
proﬁts will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabili es are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the 
liability is se led, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substan vely enacted at the repor ng date.
Deferred tax rela ng to items recognised outside proﬁt or loss is recognised outside proﬁt or loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correla on to the underlying transac on either in OCI or directly in equity.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabili es are oﬀset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set oﬀ current tax assets against 
current tax liabili es and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable en ty and the same taxa on authority.
Re rement and other employee beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts
A liability is recognised for short-term employee beneﬁt in the period the related service is rendered at the undiscounted amount of 
the beneﬁts expected to be paid in exchange for that service.
Deﬁned contribu on plans
Re rement beneﬁt in the form of provident fund is a deﬁned contribu on scheme. The Company has no obliga on, other than the 
contribu on payable to the provident fund. The Company recognizes contribu on payable to the provident fund scheme as an 
expense, when an employee renders the related service. If the contribu on payable to the scheme for service received before the 
balance sheet date exceeds the contribu on already paid, the deﬁcit payable to the scheme is recognized as a liability a er 
deduc ng the contribu on already paid. If the contribu on already paid exceeds the contribu on due for services received before 
the balance sheet date, then excess is recognized as an asset to the extent that the pre-payment will lead to, for example, a reduc on 
in future payment or a cash refund.
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans
The Company operates a deﬁned beneﬁt gratuity plan in India, which requires contribu ons to be made to a separately 
administered fund. The cost of providing beneﬁts under the deﬁned beneﬁt plan is determined using the projected unit credit 
method.
Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the eﬀect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in net interest 
on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net deﬁned 
beneﬁt liability), are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through 
OCI in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss in subsequent periods.
 m)
172
===== PAGE 176 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Compensated absences
The Company has a policy on compensated absences which are both accumula ng and non-accumula ng in nature. The expected 
cost of accumula ng compensated absences is determined by actuarial valua on performed by an independent actuary at each 
balance sheet date using projected unit credit method on the addi onal amount expected to be paid / availed as a result of the 
unused en tlement that has accumulated at the balance sheet date. Expense on non-accumula ng compensated absences is 
recognized in the period in which the absences occur.
Other long term employee beneﬁts
Liabili es recognised in respect of other long-term employee beneﬁts are measured at the present value of the es mated future 
cash ou lows expected to be made by the Company in respect of services provided by the employees up to the repor ng date. 
Leases
The Company has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 Leases to short term leases of all assets that have a lease term 
of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lease payments associated with these leases are 
recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis or any other systema c approach as adopted by the en ty.All other Leases are 
recognized as follows :
a)   Ini al measurement
     Lease liability is ini ally recognised and measured at an amount equal to the present value of minimum lease payments during 
the lease term that are not yet paid. Right-of-use asset is recognized and measured at cost, consis ng of ini al measurement of 
lease liability plus any lease payments made to the lessor at or before the commencement date less any lease incen ves 
received, ini al es mate of restora on costs and any ini al direct costs incurred by the lessee.
b)   Subsequent measurement
      The lease liability is measured in subsequent periods using the eﬀec ve interest rate method. Right-of-use asset is depreciated in 
accordance with requirements in Ind AS 16, Property, Plant and equipment. The determina on of whether an arrangement is (or 
contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the incep on of the lease. The arrangement is, or contains, a 
lease if fulﬁlment of the arrangement is dependent on  the use of a speciﬁc asset or assets and the arrangement conveys a right 
to use the asset or assets, even if that right  is not explicitly speciﬁed in an arrangement. 
Impairment of non ﬁnancial assets
The Company assesses, at each repor ng date, whether there is an indica on that an asset may be impaired. If any indica on exists, 
or when annual impairment tes ng for an asset is required, the Company es mates the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s 
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-genera ng unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. 
Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inﬂows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable 
amount, the asset is considered impaired and is wri en down to its recoverable amount.
Provisions, con ngent liabili es and con ngent asset
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obliga on (legal or construc ve) as a result of a past event and it is 
probable that an ou low of resources embodying economic beneﬁts will be required to se le the obliga on and a reliable es mate 
can be made of the amount of the obliga on.
Provisions are discounted, if the eﬀect of the  me value of money is signiﬁcant, using pre-tax rates that reﬂects the risks speciﬁc to 
the liability. When discoun ng is used, an increase in the provisions due to the passage of  me is recognised as ﬁnance cost. These 
provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reﬂect the current best es mates.
Necessary provision for doub ul debts, claims, etc., are made,  if realisa on of money is doub ul in the judgement of the 
management. 
Con ngent liabili es
A con ngent liability is a possible obliga on that arises from past events whose existence will be conﬁrmed by the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the company or a present obliga on that is not 
recognized because it is not probable that an ou low of resources will be required to se le the obliga on. A con ngent liability also
 n)
 o)
 p)
 1732023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 177 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. Con ngent 
liabili es are disclosed separately. Show cause no ces issued by various Government authori es are considered for evalua on of 
con ngent liabili es only when converted into demand.
Con ngent assets
Where an inﬂow of economic beneﬁts is probable, the Company discloses a brief descrip on of the nature of the con ngent assets 
at the end of the repor ng period, and, where prac cable, an es mate of their ﬁnancial eﬀect. Con ngent assets are disclosed but 
not recognised in the ﬁnancial statements.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term balances with original maturity of 
less than 3 months, highly liquid investments that are readily conver ble into cash, which are subject to insigniﬁcant risk of changes 
in value.
Cash Flow Statement
Cash ﬂows are presented using indirect method, whereby proﬁt / (loss) before tax is adjusted for the eﬀects of transac ons of non-
cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
Bank borrowings are generally considered to be ﬁnancing ac vi es. However, where bank overdra s which are repayable on 
demand form an integral part of an en ty's cash management, bank overdra s are included as a component of cash and cash 
equivalents for the purpose of Cash ﬂow statement.
Non current assets held for sale and disposal groups
The Company classiﬁes a non-current asset (or disposal group) as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally 
through a sale transac on rather than through con nuing use. Immediately before the ini al classiﬁca on of the asset (or disposal 
group) as held for sale, the carrying amounts of the asset (or all the assets and liabili es in the group) shall be measured in 
accordance with applicable Ind Ass
The Company measures a non-current asset (or disposal group) classiﬁed as held for sale at the lower of its carrying amount and fair 
value less costs to sell. The Company does not depreciate (or amor se) a non-current asset while it is classiﬁed as held for sale or 
while it is part of a disposal group classiﬁed as held for sale. Interest and other expenses a ributable to the liabili es of a disposal 
group classiﬁed as held for sale shall con nue to be recognised.
Earnings per share
The basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the net proﬁt for the period a ributable to equity shareholders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.  
Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net proﬁt a er tax by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving 
basic EPS and also weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilu ve poten al 
equity shares. Dilu ve poten al equity shares are deemed converted as of the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date. 
Dilu ve poten al equity shares are determined independently for each period presented. The number of equity shares and 
poten ally dilu ve equity shares are adjusted for bonus shares, as appropriate.
 r)
 q)
 s)
 t)
174
===== PAGE 178 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
4  Property, plant and equipment
B) Right to 
use assets
 Freehold 
Land
& Site 
Developm
Leasehol
d Land
 Buildings Plant and 
Machinery
 Furniture 
and 
Fi ngs 
 Vehicles  Oﬃce 
Equipment 
 Factory 
Equipment 
 Laboratory 
Equipment 
 Total   Buildings  Internally 
generated 
DMF and 
ANDA 
 Computer 
So ware 
Gross Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2022 1,228.12
    
0.61
          
14,392.71
 
99,074.75
      
219.09
     
9.99
            
1.59
            
326.76
       
1,305.03
    
1,16,558.65
  
1,012.92
    
54.06
Addi ons 1,373.45
    
-
            
3,432.00
    
46.16
              
1.81
          
-
              
2.26
            
-
              
-
              
4,855.68
        
14.21
         
-
Disposals (417.44)
      
-
            
-
              
(12.60)
            
(16.09)
      
-
              
-
              
-
              
-
              
(446.13)
 
(4.78)
         
-
As at March 31, 2023 2,184.13
    
0.61
          
17,824.71
 
99,108.31
      
204.81
     
9.99
            
3.85
            
326.76
       
1,305.03
    
1,20,968.20 -
                
1,022.35
    
54.06
Addi ons 12.80
          
-
            
661.73
       
6,376.28
        
152.31
     
145.40
       
90.82
          
-
              
7,439.34
 
100.36
         
-
             
138.57
Disposals (9.95)
        
(0.45)
          
(10.09)
        
(20.49)
 
As at March 31, 2024 2,196.93
    
0.61
          
18,486.44
 
1,05,484.59
  
347.17
     
154.94
       
84.58
          
326.76
       
1,305.03
    
1,28,387.05 100.36
         
1,022.35
    
192.63
Accumulated Deprecia on/ Amor sa on
As at March 31, 2022 -
               
0.61
          
3,838.13
    
53,051.65
      
166.67
     
3.69
            
1.58
            
143.29
       
1,021.44
    
58,227.06
 
1,012.92
    
20.33
Charge for the year -
               
-
            
788.90
       
4,663.58
        
0.50
          
-
              
0.55
            
15.54
          
5.00
            
5,474.07
 
1.46
           
3.13
Disposals -
               
-
            
-
              
-
                  
-
            
-
              
-
              
-
              
-
              
As at March 31, 2023 -
               
0.61
          
4,627.03
    
57,715.23
      
167.17
     
3.69
            
2.13
            
158.83
       
1,026.44
    
63,701.13
 
-
                
1,014.38
    
23.46
Charge for the year -               -            806.16       2,337.81        3.91          8.11            8.86            7.00            3.54            3,175.39 33.45            2.55            110.51
Disposals (0.48)        (1.12)          (1.60)  
As at March 31, 2024 -               0.61          5,433.19    60,053.04      170.60     11.80          9.87            165.83       1,029.98    66,874.92 33.45            1,016.93     133.97
Net Block
As at March 31, 2023 2,184.13 - 13,197.68 41,393.08 37.64 6.30 1.72 167.93 278.59 57,267.07 - 7.97 30.60
As at March 31, 2024 2,196.93 - 13,053.25 45,431.55 176.57 143.14 74.71 160.93 275.05 61,512.13 66.91 5.42 58.66
Par culars
A) Tangible Assets C) Intangible Assets
 Total 
1,066.98
14.21
(4.78)
1,076.41
138.57
1,214.98
1,033.25
4.59
1,037.84
113.06
1,150.90
38.57
64.08
Notes :
1. The  tle deeds, comprising all the immovable proper es of land and buildings which are freehold, are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. In 
respect of immovable proper es of land and building that have been taken on lease and disclosed as Property, Plant and Equipments in the ﬁnancial statements, the lease 
agreements are in the name of the Company. In respect of assets given as collateral for loans taken from banks, the  tle deeds are in the custody of the respec ve banks.
2. The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use asset) during the year, since the Company has adopted cost model as its accoun ng 
policy to an en re class of Property, Plant and Equipment in accordance with Ind AS 16.
3. Right to use assets (lease hold buildings) is amor sed on straight line method over a period of lease.
4. The Company has not revalued its intangible asset, since the Company has adopted cost model as its accoun ng policy to an en re class of Intangible Asset in accordance 
with Ind AS 38.
₹ in lakhs
 1752023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 179 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
  
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
5 A Capital work-in-progress
Property, plant and equipment under development 1,018.27
              
4,609.18
            
1,018.27
              
4,609.18
            
Refer Note 49 (a) for informa on rela ng to ageing schedule of Capital work in progress
Refer Note 49 (c) for informa on rela ng to es mated comple on schedule of Capital work in progress
5 B. Intangible Assets under development
Intangible Assets under development 1,427.77
              
-
                      
1,427.77
              
-
                      
Refer Note 49 (b) for informa on rela ng to ageing schedule of Intangible assets under development
6 Non-current investments
Investments in companies other than subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at FVTOCI
Non - 
Trade
i.  Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted)
25.27
                    
13.93
                  
ii.  Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted)
                    60.00                   60.00 
                  420.00                 420.00 
                  416.70                          -   
                    23.99                   23.99 
                       3.83                      3.83 
Trade
iii. Investments in Equity Instruments of Subsidiaries (Unquoted) at cost
85.07
                    
85.07
                  8,883.24
              
8,883.24
            
18,600 (PY: 18,600) equity shares of Rs.10 each in Bank of India Ltd, fully paid up
8,823 (PY : 8,823 ) equity shares of Rs.1/- each allo ed in Madras Enterprises Private 
Limited *
1,19,568 ( PY: 1,19,568 ) equity shares of Rs.10 each in MSE Financial Services Limited, 
fully paid up *
6,00,000 ( PY : 6,00,000) equity shares of Rs. 10 each in Sai Regency Power Corpora on 
Pvt.Ltd, fully paid up
99,99,990 (PY 99,99,990 ) Series A & 48,93,750 (PY: 48,93,750 ) Series B  Conver ble 
Preferred Stock par value USD 0.001 per share and 9,001,090 (PY: 9,001,090 ) Common 
stock of par value USD 0.001 per share in Bexel Pharmaceu cal Inc. **
2,00,000  (PY: 2,00,000 ) Common Stock of USD. 1 each in Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., 
USA, fully paid up
42,00,000 (PY: 42,00,000 ) equity shares of Rs.10 each in Investment in Nellai Renewables 
Private Limited, fully paid up
41,66,924 (PY: Nil)  equity shares of Rs.10 each in Dalavaipuram Renewables Private Ltd. 
fully paid up
176
===== PAGE 180 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
  
               
           
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
4,550.00
              
4,550.00
            
19,409.89
            
17,481.95
          (12,470.10)
          
(12,470.10)
        Total non-current investments 6,939.79
              
5,011.85
            
25.27
                    
13.93
                  
Aggregate market value of quoted investments 25.27
                    
13.93
                  
19,384.62
            
17,468.02
          
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments 12,470.10
            
12,470.10
          
7. Other non-current ﬁnancial assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits for electricity and power 504.71
                 
620.05
               
Fixed deposits with banks (with original maturity a er 12 month from the repor ng date) 1.58
                      
-
                     
Other Deposits 90.08
                    
67.43
                  
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Loans to subsidiaries 5,229.36 5,229.36
            
Others 202.66 202.66
Less : Provision for expected credit loss (5,432.02) (5,432.02)
596.37 687.48
4,55,00,000 (PY: 4,55,00,000 ) equity share of Rs.10 /- each in Orbion Pharmaceu cals 
Private Limited
** Each Series A & B Preferred stock is conver ble into One Common stock, at any  me, at 
the op on of the Company and will have vo ng rights equal to one common stock and has the 
same value as common stock.
iv. Investments in Equity Instruments of Associate (Unquoted) at cost
Less: Provision for diminu on in fair value of investments
Aggregate value of quoted investments
Aggregate value of unquoted investments
# Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited. South Africa has been wound up on 31st 
January 2024. The Investment has already been fully provided for, but the same is yet to be wri en 
oﬀ  pending  approval of RBI 
599.09 599.09
17.69
                    
17.69
                  
2,825.01
              
2,825.01
            
1,500.00
              
0.10
                    
303,639 (PY: 303,639 ) Ordinary shares each and 1 in Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA 
(Proprietary) Limited. South Africa, fully paid up (ceased w.e.f 31.01.2024) #
1,10,00,000 (PY: 1,10,00,000 ) Common stock  of Par value of USD 0.125 per share in Bexel 
Pharmaceu cal Inc. 
7,140,378 (PY: 7,140,378) Series A Preferred stock & 3,22,986 (PY: 3,22,986) Common stock  
par value of 0.83595 USD per share in Diakron Pharmaceu cals, Inc. USA
1,50,00,000 (PY: 1000) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each in Orchid BioPharma Ltd                                                   
(including shares held by its nominees)
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
 1772023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 181 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
8. Non Current tax assets
Advance income tax (net of provision for tax) 5,130.15
              
5,130.15
            
5,130.15
              
5,130.15
            
9. Other non-current assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital Advances 235.89
                 
202.11
               
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Advances to suppliers -
                        
15,333.30
          
235.89
                 
15,535.41
          
Less: Provision for expected credit loss - (15,333.30)
235.89
                 
202.11
               
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
10. Inventories
Raw Materials 6,601.01              7,588.65            
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 11,486.56            7,745.00            
Finished Goods 7,442.50              6,794.66            
Stores and Spare parts 313.06                 133.88               
Chemicals and Consumables 289.89                 212.54               
Packing Materials 289.59                 399.07               
26,422.61
            
22,873.80
          
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Note :The Company has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to 
promoters, directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or 
without specifying any terms or period of repayment. The advances given to suppliers 
during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for. During current year these 
Advances has been adjusted against the provision by the management.
Note :The Company has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to 
promoters, directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or 
without specifying any terms or period of repayment. The loans given to subsidiaries and 
other par es  during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
178
===== PAGE 182 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
                                
As at As at
March March 31, 2024
14 Other Bank Balances
In term deposits with banks (with original maturity within 12 months from the repor ng date) 1.46                      1.46                    
In earmarked accounts
   In term deposits with banks * (with original maturity within 12 months from the repor ng date) 25,306.11
            
-
                      Escrow Accounts 294.86
                 
310.55
               Frac onal Shares Account with banks 90.83
                    
90.90
                  25,693.26 402.91
               
11 Current Investments
Fair valued through proﬁt and loss
Investment in Mutual Funds -
                        
-
                     
-
                        
-
                     
12 Trade receivables
Trade Receivables considered good - Secured -                        -                     
Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured 18,937.04            21,190.73          
Trade Receivables which have signiﬁcant risk increase in credit risk -                        -                     
Trade Receivables credit impaired 8,187.19
              
8,213.70
            
27,124.23
            
29,404.43
          Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (8,187.19)
             
(8,213.70)
           18,937.04
            
21,190.73
          
13 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand 1.82
                      
0.66
                   
Balances with banks
In current accounts 27.65 1,830.11
29.47 1,830.77
Note: 
Trade receivablesare neitherdue from directorsor otheroﬃcersof the Company either
severally or jointly with any other person, nor any trade or other receivables are due from ﬁrms or 
privatecompaniesrespec vely in whichany director isapartner,a directoror a member,
except to the extent disclosed in Note 47 rela ng to amounts receivable from related par es.
Refer Note46 for informa on aboutrisk proﬁle of TradeReceivablesunderFinancial Risk
Management.
Refer Note 49 (d) for the ageing schedule of Trade Receivables.
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
 1792023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 183 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
15 Loans
Loans to subsidiaries 
Loans to subsidiaries - credit impaired 99.26
                    
99.26
                  
Loans to subsidiaries - considered good 788.97
                 
469.72
               
888.23
                 
568.98
               
Less : Allowance for expected credit loss (99.26)
                  
(99.26)
                
788.97                 469.72               
16 Other current ﬁnancial assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Interest accrued 434.68
                 
0.13
                    434.68
                 
0.13
                    
17 Current tax assets
Advance income tax (net of provision for tax) 168.93
                 
95.37
                  
168.93
                 
95.37
                  
18 Other current assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Advance recoverable in cash or in kind
Advance to suppliers 1,022.41
              
935.18
               
Prepaid expenses 215.03
                 
363.70
               
Export Incen ves receivable 30.19
                    
-
                      
Balances with Statutory Authori es 4,486.46
              
1,217.07
            
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Advances to suppliers 29.05
                    
29.05
                  
5,783.14
              
2,545.00
            
Less : Allowance for expected credit loss (29.05)
                  
(29.05)
                
5,754.09
              
2,515.95
            
Note :The Company has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to 
promoters, directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or 
without specifying any terms or period of repayment except loan given to Orchid Bio 
Pharma Limited of Rs. 788.97 lakhs (previous year: Rs. 469.72 lakhs). The loans given to 
subsidiaries and other par es  during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
Note: 
* The above deposit represents the unu lized balance (including interst accrued) out of 
QIP funds raised during the year which are earmarked for u liza on for the purposes 
speciﬁed In the Oﬀer document. Refer Note 53.
Note :The Company has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to 
promoters, directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or 
without specifying any terms or period of repayment. The advances given to certain 
suppliers during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
180
===== PAGE 184 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
19 Equity Share Capital
Authorised Share Capital
15,00,10,000 (Previous year 15,00,10,000) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each* 15,010.00
            
15,010.00
          
15,010.00
            
15,010.00
          
Issued Share Capital
5,07,19,105 (Previous year 4,08,16,400) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each 5,071.91              4,081.64            
5,071.91              4,081.64            
Subscribed and fully paid up share capital
5,07,19,105 (Previous year 4,08,16,400) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each 5,071.91              4,081.64            fully paid up
5,071.91
              
4,081.64
            Notes:
(a) Reconcilia on of number of equity shares subscribed
Balance at the beginning  of the period (Nos) 4,08,16,400
        
4,08,16,400
      Shares Issued during the period 99,02,705 -
Balance at the beginning and end of the period (Nos) 5,07,19,105 4,08,16,400
'* The authorised share capital of the Company has increased by 10,000 shares of Rs.10 
each pursuant to a scheme of amalgama on. However, the same is yet to be updated in 
the records of the registrar of companies. The Company is closely following it up for 
regularisa on.
(b)    Shares held by holding, subsidiary and associate companies
No of shares % No of shares % 
3,54,19,957   69.84% 3,67,19,957     89.96%
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023Name of the share holders
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 
(holding company) *
There are no shares held by subsidiaries and associates in the Company.
( c)     Shareholders holding more than 5% of the total share capital
No of shares % No of shares % 
3,54,19,957   69.84% 3,67,19,957     89.96%
34,65,947
      
6.83% -
                     
                     -   
March 31, 2024
Quant Mutual Fund
March 31, 2023
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 
(holding company) *
Name of the share holders
 1812023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 185 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
(d)    Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
Name of the share holder (promoter)
No of shares % age No of shares
3,54,19,957      69.84% 3,67,19,957  -20.12%Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (holding 
company) 
% of Change
% age
89.96%
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
(e)    The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each. The equity shares of the company having par value 
of Rs.10/- rank pari-passu in all respects including vo ng rights and en tlement to dividend. The dividend proposed if any, by the 
Board of Directors, is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Mee ng. During the year, the 
Company has not proposed any dividend.
                      
2023 20 Other Equity
Capital Reserve                5,105.69              5,105.69 
Capital Reserve on Amalgama on          1,63,125.58        1,63,125.58 
Securi es Premium             84,651.80           46,447.86 
Equity component of Op onally conver ble debentures                6,856.06              6,856.06 
General Reserve             55,851.90           55,851.90 
Other Comprehensive Income                        7.05                    (4.29)
Retained Earnings        (1,98,838.29) (2,08,268.18)
     
         1,16,759.79           69,114.62 
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 5,105.69              5,105.69            
b) Capital Reserve on Amalgama on
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 1,63,125.58
        
1,63,125.58
      
c) Securi es Premium
Balance at the beginning of the year             46,447.86 46,447.86
          
Addi ons during the period (net of share issue expenses adjusted of Rs. 805.79 lakhs)             38,203.94 -
                      
Balance at the end of the year 84,651.80 46,447.86
a) Capital reserve
 As at   As at  
 March 31, 2024  March 31, 
Capital reserve on Amalgama on was created in the earlier years as per approved 
resolu on plan on the amalgama on of the special purpose vehicle with the Company. 
The Company can use this reserve for issuing fully paid up Bonus shares.
Capital reserve was created in the earlier years in respect of business acquired by the 
Company. The Company can use this reserve for issuing fully paid up Bonus shares.
182
===== PAGE 186 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
d) Equity component of Op onally conver ble debentures
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 6,856.06
              
6,856.06
            
e) General Reserve
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 55,851.90 55,851.90
Securi es Premium was credited when shares are issued at a
premium. The Company can use this reserve to issue bonus shares, to
provide for premium on redemp on of shares or debentures,
preliminary expenses and the commission paid or discount allowed
on, any issue of shares or debentures of the company 
This represents the equity component accounted as per split
accoun ng prescribed for compound ﬁnancial instruments under Ind
AS 109 "Financial Instruments". This will be available as free reserves
once the Company completed the conversion of the debentures into
equity.
General Reserve represents the statutory reserve in accordance with Companies Act, 
2013 wherein a por on of proﬁt is appor oned to general reserve. This is a free reserve 
and the Company can use it for declara on of dividends, subject to the condi ons 
prescribed by the Companies Act, 2013.
 As at   As at  
 March 31, 2024  March 31, 
2023 f) Other comprehensive income
Balance at the beginning of the year                      (4.29) (9.69)
                   
Net Other Comprehensive Income for the year                    (33.72)                  (17.88)
(Deduc ons)/ Adjustments during the year                     45.06 23.28                  
Balance at the end of the year 7.05                      (4.29)                   
g) Retained Earnings
Balance at the beginning of the year        (2,08,268.18) (2,13,663.78)
     
Net proﬁt/(loss) for the year 9,474.95
              
5,418.88
            
Transfer from Other Comprehensive Income                    (45.06) (23.28)
                
Balance at the end of the year        (1,98,838.29)      (2,08,268.18)
Other comprehensive income represents the balance in equity for items to be 
accounted in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). The Company has opted to 
recognise the changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity 
instruments and remeasurement of deﬁned beneﬁt obliga ons in OCI. The 
Company transfers amounts from this reserve to Retained Earnings in case of 
actuarial loss / gain and in case of fair value recogni on of equity instrument, the 
same will be transferred when the respec ve equity instruments are 
derecognised.
 1832023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 187 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Retained Earnings represent the undistributed proﬁts/ accumulated losses of the 
Company remaining a er transfer to other Reserves. 
 As at   As at  
 March 31, 2024  March 31, 
21 Long Term Borrowings
Secured *
  From Banks
Rupee Term Loans -
                        
3,205.16
            
Foreign Currency Term Loans -
                        
4,959.26
            
Unsecured Loans
    0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures 12,020.91
            
10,875.10
          
12,020.91            19,039.52          
Less: Current maturi es of long term borrowings (refer note 25)                            -   (4,155.76)           
12,020.91            14,883.76          
* Refer Note 45 for repayment terms and security details.
22 Lease Liabili es - Non current
Lease Liabili es 37.00
                    
-
                      37.00
                    
-
                      
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
23 Provisions -Non-current
Provision for Employee Beneﬁts
Gratuity 119.37                 1,011.32            
Compensated absence 244.00                 248.86               
363.37                 1,260.18            
Note : The Company has used the borrowings from banks and ﬁnancial ins tu ons 
for the speciﬁc purpose for which it was taken as at the repor ng date.
Registra on, Modiﬁca on and Sa sfac on of charges rela ng to the year under 
review, had been ﬁled with the ROC, within the prescribed  me or within the 
extended  me requiring the payment of addi onal fees.
184
===== PAGE 188 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
 As at   As at  
 March 31, 2024  March 31, 
                     
24 Deferred Tax Asset / (Liability) - Net
Deferred Tax Liability
   On Property, plant and equipment 11,081.42
          
8,610.56
           
On Others -
                       
322.62
              
11,081.42
          
8,933.18
           
Deferred Tax Asset
On unabsorbed tax deprecia on 11,081.42                      8,610.56 
Net deferred tax asset / (liability)                            -                (322.62)
25 Current liabili es - Borrowings
Secured*
Cash Credit Facility / Working Capital Demand Loans and Buyers Credit 1,404.75
             
14,095.05
        Current maturi es of long term borrowings (refer Note 21) -
                       
4,155.76
           Unsecured
Loans from subsidiary company -
                       
-
                     1,404.75 18,250.81
Note: In view of carry forward tax losses, the recogni on of deferred tax asset has 
been scaled down to the extent of deferred tax liability
'* Refer Note 45 for repayment terms and security details
Note: Short term Borrowings (other than Current maturi es of Long term borrowings) are 
secured by way of ﬁrst pari passu hypotheca on charge on trade receivables and 
inventories of the Company, present and future. The quarterly returns or statements ﬁled 
by the Company with the banks or ﬁnancial ins tu ons are in agreement with the books of 
accounts, except in the following cases
Quarter 
ended
As per ﬁnancials
As per returns 
ﬁled with 
banks
Diﬀerence
June 30, 
2023
20011.71 19297.30                714.41 
Reason
The diﬀerence is mainly due to 
es mated over head rate  considered 
while valuing WIP and FG given to the 
bank and the  actual over head rate 
ﬁnalised on comple on of limited 
review of the quarterly results. Also 
the bank stock statement does not 
include R&D Stock (INR 475..55 lacs)
 1852023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 189 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
The Company has used the borrowings from banks and ﬁnancial ins tu ons for the 
speciﬁc purpose for which it was taken as at the repor ng date.
Refer Note No. 46 for informa on about risk proﬁle of borrowings under Financial Risk 
Management.
As at As at 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
26 Lease Liabili es - Current
Lease Liabili es 33.33
                    
-
                     
33.33
                    
-
                     
27 Trade payables
Dues to Micro enterprises and Small enterprises 866.53
                 
158.44
               
Dues to Creditors other than Micro and Small enterprises 17,072.35
            
12,752.17
          
17,938.88
            
12,910.61
          
28 Provisions- Current
Provision for employee beneﬁts
Gratuity                   160.73                 299.41 
Compensated absence                     47.74 49.19
                 208.47
                 
348.60
               
29 Other current liabili es
Statutory Liabili es 347.87
                 
148.36
               Frac onal Share amount payable to shareholders 90.84
                    
90.91
                 Employee related payables 748.63
                 
746.09
               
Advance and deposits from customers etc., 194.66
                 
167.59
               1,382.00 1,152.95
Refer Note 49(e) for informa on about ageing of trade payables
Refer Note 46 for informa onabout risk proﬁle of trade payables under Financial Risk
Management.
* Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises have been determined to the extent such 
par es have been iden ﬁed on the basis of informa on collected by the 
management represents the principal amount payable to these enterprises. Refer 
Note 41.
186
===== PAGE 190 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
                                    
                                        
30 Revenue from opera ons
Sale of Products 81,512.03 65,561.06
Sale of  Services 99.44
                          
104.52
                        
Other Opera ng Revenues
Sale of other materials 295.16
                        
924.26
                        
Export promo on incen ves 30.19
                          
-
                              
81,936.82
                  
66,589.84
                  
Cephalosporin API 81,266.02
                  
65,154.11
                  
Cephalosporin FDF 246.01
                        
406.95
                        
81,512.03
                  
65,561.06
                  
31 Other income
Interest income on Bank Deposits etc 1,574.14
                    
37.31
                          
Interest income on Loan to Subsidiaries 13.33                          24.49                          
Proﬁt on sale of property plant and equipment -                               93.55                          
Foreign exchange gain (net) 673.46                        520.14                        
Proﬁt on sale of investments -                               1.54                            
Other non-opera ng income 778.01                        1,266.02                    
3,038.94                    1,943.05                    
32 Cost of materials consumed
Opening inventory of raw materials                       7,588.65 4,283.13
                    Add : Purchases                    51,847.67 43,915.13
                  Less : Closing inventory of raw materials                    (6,601.01) (7,588.65)
                  
52,835.31
                  
40,609.61
                  
33 Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, stock in trade and ﬁnished goods
Opening stock
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 7,745.00
                    
6,907.63
                    
Finished Goods 6,794.66
                    
5,484.49
                    
14,539.66
                  
12,392.12
                  
Closing stock
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 11,486.56
                  
7,745.00
                    
Finished Goods 7,442.50
                    
6,794.66
                    
18,929.06 14,539.66
Total changes in inventories 4,389.40 2,147.54
Details of Sale of products
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023                                    
 1872023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 191 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
                                                
                                    
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023                                        
34 Employee beneﬁts expense
Salaries and wages 5,891.97
                    
5,449.92
                    
Contribu on to provident and other funds 393.63
                        
424.91
                        
Staﬀ welfare expenses 678.57
                        
660.21
                        
6,964.17
                    
6,535.04
                    
35 Deprecia on and amor sa on expense
Deprecia on on Property, Plant and Equipment 3,175.39 5,474.07
Amor sa on of Right of use assets 33.45
                          
-
                              
Amor sa on of Intangible Assets 113.06
                        
4.59
                            
3,321.90
                    
5,478.66
                    
36 Finance Cost
Interest on bank borrowings 222.04
                        
1,527.85
                    
Less : Transferred to  Capital work in progress 133.05
                        
69.32
                          
Net interest on  bank  borrowings 88.99
                          
1,458.53
                    
Interest on others 1,543.76
                    
1,764.04
                    
1,632.75
                    
3,222.57
                    
37 Other expenses
Power and fuel 6,292.48                    6,126.21                    
Consump on of Stores, Spares & Chemicals 1,392.75                    1,255.53                    
Rent 1.93                             0.35                            
Repairs to buildings 163.78                        134.60                        
Repairs to plant and machinery 84.06                          83.02                          
Factory maintenance 1,624.58                    1,445.75                    Insurance 425.40
                        
395.91
                        Rates & Taxes 156.81
                        
98.24
                          Research & Development Expenses 709.37
                        
636.21
                        Adver sement 3.04
                             
4.06
                            Payment to Auditors [refer note 37 (a)] 32.00
                          
35.25
                          Cost Audit fee 2.00
                             
2.00
                            Travelling and Conveyance 110.95
                        
51.21
                          
Directors' remunera on & perquisites 696.89
                        
236.21
                        
Directors' travelling expenses 71.27
                          
52.05
                          
Directors' si ng fees 9.70
                             
8.00
                            
Freight outwards 702.99
                        
698.41
                        
Commission on sales 1,598.45
                    
675.02
                        
Business promo on and selling expenses 81.15
                          
56.14
                          
Lease rentals 332.24
                        
101.25
                        
Professional consultancy charges 383.24 445.49
Allowance / (Reversal) of expected credit loss (26.51) 118.83
Bank charges 38.11 67.65
188
===== PAGE 192 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023                                        
Loss on sale/ discard  of property, plant and equipment 18.84
                          
16.09
                          
Advances / Debit balances wri en oﬀ (Net) 46.27
                          
-
                              
Miscellaneous expenses 506.91                        487.40                        
15,458.70                  13,230.88                  
37 (a) Payment to auditors  *
For statutory audit 14.50                          16.50                          
For issuing limited review reports 7.50                             7.50                            
For tax audit 2.00                             2.00                            For cer ﬁcate and other services   # 8.00
                             
9.25
                            Out of pocket expenses -
                               
-
                              32.00
                          
35.25
                          * Excludes Payment towards the cer ﬁca on services of QIP of Rs. 23.50 lakhs which was adjusted against the share premium account
#  including Rs. 8.25 lakhs paid to earstwhile auditors in the previous year ﬁgures
38 Taxes on Income
Income tax expense
Movement of deferred tax expense
In view of the carried forward losses under the taxa on laws, no provision for tax is required to be created. 
For the year ended March 31, 2024
Deferred tax (liabili es)/assets 
in rela on to
Opening 
balance
Recognised in 
proﬁt or loss
 Recognised in 
OCI 
 Closing balance 
Property, plant, and equipment 
and Intangible Assets
(8,610.56)         (2,470.86)              -                           (11,081.42)                
8,610.56           2,470.86               -                           11,081.42                  
Other temporary diﬀerences (322.62)             322.62                   -                           -                               
(322.62)             322.62                   -                           -                               
Unabsorbed tax deprecia on
(refer note below)
For the year ended March 31, 2023
Deferred tax (liabili es)/assets 
in rela on to
Opening 
balance
Recognised in 
proﬁt or loss
 Recognised in 
OCI 
 Closing balance 
Property, plant, and equipment (8,283.47)         (327.09)                 -                           (8,610.56)                   
8,283.47           327.09                   -                           8,610.56                    
Other temporary diﬀerences (322.62)             -                          -                           (322.62)                      
(322.62)             -                          -                           (322.62)                      
Unabsorbed tax deprecia on
(refer note below)
 1892023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 193 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Note:
Since the company has unabsorbed deprecia on, it has scaled down the recogni on of deferred tax asset to that extent it matches with 
the aggregate deferred tax liability arising on account of property, plant and equipment. However, no deferred tax asset has been created 
in respect of carry forward business losses in the absence of convincing evidence that suﬃcient future taxable income will be available for 
se ng oﬀ the same.
₹ in lakhs
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023                                        
39 Earnings per share
Proﬁt for the year from con nuing Opera ons 9,474.95
                    
5,524.69
                    
Proﬁt for the year from discon nued Opera ons -
                               
(105.81)
                      
Proﬁt for the year from con nuing & discon nued Opera ons 9,474.95                    5,418.88                    
4,83,65,183              4,08,16,400              
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.59                          13.54                          
-  Diluted   ( Rs.) 19.59                          13.54                          
- Basic       ( Rs.) -
                               
(0.26)
                           -  Diluted   ( Rs.) -
                               
(0.26)
                           
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.59
                          
13.28
                          -  Diluted   ( Rs.) 19.59
                          
13.28
                          
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
Earnings per equity share ( For con nuing opera ons):
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued opera ons ) :
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued & con nuing opera ons) 
40   Expenditure on Research and Development
Power and fuel -                               -                              
Consump on of stores, spares and chemicals 148.35                        133.31                        
Salaries, wages and bonus 483.69                        402.62                        
Contribu on to Provident and other funds 24.65                          18.78                          
Travelling  and conveyance 6.15                              0.27                            
Filing and registra on expenses 0.77                              0.88                            
Professional consultancy charges 6.75                              63.96                          
Others 39.01                            
16.39                          709.37
                        
636.21
                        
Par culars Year ended
March 31, 2024
Revenue expenditure charged to the Statement of Proﬁt or Loss 
Year ended
March 31, 2023
41   Disclosures required by the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development (MSMED) Act, 2006 are as under *
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2023
866.53                        158.44                        
-                               -                              
-                               -                              
-                               -                              
-                               15.51                          
Par culars
(b) The delayed payments of principal amount paid beyond the appointed date during 
(a) The principal amount remaining unpaid at the end of the year
(d) Normal Interest due and payable during the year, as per the 
(c) Interest actually paid under Sec on 16 of MSMED Act
(e) Total interest accrued during the year and remaining unpaid
*This informa on has been determined to the extent such par es have been iden ﬁed on the basis of informa on available with
the Company.
190
===== PAGE 194 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
42    Commitments and con ngent liabili es
            Year ended        
March 31, 2024
            Year ended        
March 31, 2023
Claims against the company not acknowledged as debts
- Income Tax dispute pending before High Court of Chennai * -                               -                              
- GST tax dispute pending before Commissioner Appeals  * -                               -                              
- Electricity Department claim # 80.93                          52.26                          
- Other claims ** 3,871.68                    3,077.00                    
964.65                        738.56                        
1,006.11
                    
675.43
                        
Unexpired Le er of Credits and Bank Guarantees
Par culars
Con ngent Liability
Commitments
Es mated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital 
account and not provided for
*The RP has conﬁrmed that a public announcement was caused by the IRP regarding the ini a on of corporate insolvency resolu on 
process and submission of claims was called under sec on 15 on August 24, 2017.  Pursuant to such public announcement, the IRP/ RP of 
the Corporate Debtor has received certain claims from statutory authori es which was admi ed under the provisions of Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC code) and subsequent se lement made as per the approved resolu on plan. Accordingly, the Corporate 
Debtor/ Resolu on Applicant/ SPV will have no addi onal exposure arising out of the claims towards the Statutory Dues which have not 
been admi ed and/or the claims which have been rejected (partly or fully) by the RP and/or because of the re-classiﬁca on in the 
category of creditor(s)
Considering the above, all statutory liabili es of pre-CIRP period is considered as completely se led and no liability, whatsoever, 
including con ngent in nature is exis ng on implementa on of the resolu on plan.
**The Company has taken certain lands on lease for its opera ons in respect of which the lease agreement expired before the date of 
commencement of the Corporate Insolvency Resolu on Process. As part of the right to review the exis ng agreements, the Company has 
made a detailed assessment of the market rent for the property and the market value of the property for outright purchase. Since the 
present rent as per erstwhile lease agreements is signiﬁcantly high considering the market value of the property itself, the Company is in 
talks with the lessor for renewal of the lease with lower rent or for outright purchase of the property as part of the implementa on of the 
resolu on plan. However, no ﬁnality is reached on this ma er as of date. 
Pending comple on of the nego a on, the Company has disputed the por on of the lease rent, considered to be excessive than the 
market rate, amoun ng to Rs.3,871.68 Lakhs upto March 31, 2024 (FY : 2022-23 Rs. 3,077.00 lacs)in respect of the aforesaid lease. Based 
on the legal opinion obtained, the management is of the opinion that no liability will arise on comple on of the nego a on.   
The Company is in the process of discussion  with the Lessor  for the out of court se lement.
#   Tax demand from Electricity board is under dispute and considered as con ngent liability from 01.04.2020 
43   Opera ng Segments
The opera ons of the Company falls under a single opera ng segment i.e., "Pharmaceu cals" in accordance with Ind AS 108 "Opera ng 
Segments" and hence no segment repor ng is applicable. Since the Company has also laid down consolidated ﬁnancial statements, the 
disclosures required as per Ind AS 108 is given as part of notes on accounts of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
(a) Revenue from external customers
 1912023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 195 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
                   14,935.94                    10,388.91 
                   66,576.09                    55,172.15 
81,512.03                  65,561.06                  
            Year ended        
March 31, 2023
India
Rest of the world
Par culars             Year ended        
March 31, 2024
(b) Non current assets
The manufacturing facili es of the Group is situated in India and no non-current assets are held outside India
44    Opera ng lease arrangements 
 Year ended 
 March 31, 2023 
332.24                        101.25                        Lease payments recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss
Par culars Year ended
March 31, 2024
As Lessee
The Company has entered into opera ng lease arrangements for
certain facili es. The leases are cancellable at the op on of either
party to lease and may be renewed based on mutual agreement of
the par es. 
192
===== PAGE 196 =====
₹ in lakhs
45 Terms and condi ons of borrowings
A) Long term borrowings - Term loans from banks
1) Foreign Currency Term Loan:
As per the terms of the Loan agreement, Interest for the Foreign Currency Term Loan (FCTL) is @ 6 Months SOFR plus 2.00% 
margin. This  Loan is repayable in 14 equal quarterly installments star ng from December 2021.  However, in July 2023 the 
Company had prepaid and fully se led the said Loan.
2) Rupee Term Loan:
Rupee term loan of Rs.5,000 Lakhs was sanc oned during the ﬁnancial year 2022-23  with the terms of interest @ 8.36% per 
annum linked with 3 months T bill with a tenor of 54 months including  a moratorium of 12 months from ﬁrst disbursement.  . 
The outstanding amount of Rs. 3205.16 lakhs has been prepaid in the month of July 2023 out of QIP funds.
The above Loans were  secured by way of :
I.     Exclusive charge on the moveable ﬁxed assets of the Company funded out of the Term Loan by way of hypotheca on,both 
present and future
ii. First pari passu charge over
a)     all other movable ﬁxed assets of the Company by way of hypotheca on,  both present and future
b)   Immovable Fixed Assets by way of mortgage of land/ leasehold rights and all the buildings of the Company at 
Alathur, both present and future
c)   all the rights,  tles, interest, beneﬁts, claims & demand whatsoever of the Company as amended, varied or 
supplemented from  me to  me
d)   all the  tle, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands whatsoever of the Company in any le er of credit, guarantee, 
performance bond provided by any party to the Company present or future.
e)    intangibles, goodwill, uncalled capital , present and future
                iii.        The term loans were addi onally secured by personal guarantee given by one of the director of the Company Mr.  Manish 
Dhanuka and one of the director of the holding company Mr. Mahendra Kumar Dhanuka
3) Long term borrowings - 0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures
During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company has issued 14,300 0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures 
(OCD) of Rs.1,00,000 each. In case, the OCD holders exercise their op on to convert the same, then the said 
conversion shall happen only on the basis of face value of each of the OCD and no interest shall be payable to the 
OCD holders. However, if the OCD holders opt not to exercise their op on for conversion, then the OCL holders shall 
be en tled to redemp on premium of atleast 11 % IRR on annual basis on the amount of the said OCDs or such 
higher amount as the Board decides a er considering the market price of  shares of the Company; however in any 
case, redemp on premium shall not exceed beyond 18% IRR on an annual basis. The said OCD,  ll the  me it is not 
converted into equity shares, shall not be listed on any stock exchange in India and are permi ed to be transferred 
only with the permission of the Board of Directors of the Company.  Further there shall be no redemp on of OCDs, 
including payment of interest/ other kind of return of what so ever nature thereon, un l en re outstanding of the 
loan availed from Union Bank of India is paid in full to the lender.
B) Short term borrowings
During the year YES Bank has renewed  Rs.7,500 Lakhs Working Capital credit facility (100% interchangeable) with 
terms of 3 months T bill + 3.11%. Spread. During  the year HDFC bank has renewed  Rs.14,900 Lakhs of Working 
cpaital credit facili es . The present rate of interest is 8.25%. to 8.91%  per annum.
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
 1932023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 197 =====
₹ in lakhs
The cash credit limits and working capital demand loan with the banks are secured by:
I.     First Pari pasu charge by way of hypotheca on over the en re current assets, both present and future.
ii.   Second pari passu charge on all movable ﬁxed assets by way of hypotheca on, of all movable ﬁxed assets  of the 
Company, both present and future.
iii.   Second pari passu charge by way of mortgage of land/ leasehold rights and all the buildings present and future of 
the Company.
iv.  First pari passu charge over all the rights,  tles, interests, beneﬁts, claims and demand whatsoever of the 
Company and as amended, varied or supplemented from  me to  me.  
v.    First pari passu charge on all the  tles, interests, beneﬁts, claims and demand whatsoever  of the Company, in 
any le er of credit, guarantee or performance bond provided by any party to OPL, present or future.
vi.   First pari passu charge on intangibles, goodwill uncalled capital present and future.
vii.  The cash credit limits and working capital demand loan are addi onally secured by personal guarantee given by 
Managing Director of the Company Mr. Manish Dhanuka and one of the director of the holding company Mr. 
Mahendra Kumar Dhanuka
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
194
===== PAGE 198 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
46  Financial Instruments
Capital management
The Company manages its capital to ensure that en  es in the Company will be able to con nue as going concern, while maximising the 
return to stakeholders through the op misa on of the debt and equity balance.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual opera ng plans and long-term product and other 
strategic investment plans. The funding requirements are met through equity, long-term borrowings and other short-term borrowings.
For the purposes of the Company's capital management, capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves 
a ributable to the equity holders.
Gearing Ra o March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
12,020.91
          
19,039.52
          30.93
                  
1,832.23
            11,989.98
          
17,207.29
          
1,21,831.70
       
73,196.26
          9.84% 23.51%
Categories of Financial Instruments March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Financial assets
a. Measured at amor sed cost
Other non-current ﬁnancial assets 596.37
                
687.48
               Investment in Subsidiaries and Associates 6,050.00
             
4,550.10
            18,937.04
          
21,190.73
          29.47
                  
1,830.77
            25,693.26
          
402.91
               Loans to Subsidiaries 788.97
                
469.72
               434.68
                
0.13
                    b. Mandatorily measured at FVTOCI
889.79
                
461.75
               c. Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
-
                       
-
                      Total            53,419.58           29,593.59 
Financial liabili es
a. Measured at amor sed cost
Borrowings (non-current, excluding current maturi es) 12,020.91
          
14,883.76
          1,404.75
             
18,250.81
          17,938.88
          
12,910.61
                             70.33 -
                      b. Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
-
                       
                         -   
Total            31,434.87           46,045.18 
Bank balances other than 
Investments
Borrowings (current)
Trade payables
Deriva ve instruments
Current Investments
Other ﬁnancial assets
Lease Liabili es
Net debt
Total equity
Gearing ra o (%)
Trade receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Debt 
Less: Cash and bank balances
 1952023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 199 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Financial risk management objec ves
The treasury func on provides services to the business, co-ordinates access to domes c and interna onal ﬁnancial markets, monitors 
and manages the ﬁnancial risks rela ng to the opera ons through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and 
magnitude of risks. These risks include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity 
risk.
The Company seeks to minimise the eﬀects of these risks by using natural hedging ﬁnancial instruments and forward contracts to hedge 
risk exposures. The use of ﬁnancial deriva ves is governed by the Company's policies approved by the board of directors, which provide 
wri en principles on foreign exchange risk, the use of ﬁnancial deriva ves, and the investment of excess liquidity. The Company does not 
enter into or trade ﬁnancial instruments, including deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments, for specula ve purposes.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of any loss in future earnings, in realizable fair values or in future cash ﬂows that may result from a change in the 
price of a ﬁnancial instrument. The Company's ac vi es expose it primarily to the ﬁnancial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange 
rates and interest rates. The Company ac vely manages its currency and interest rate exposure through its ﬁnance division, wherever 
required, to mi gate the risks from such exposures.
Foreign currency risk management
The Company undertakes transac ons denominated in foreign currencies; consequently, exposures to exchange rate ﬂuctua ons arise. 
The Company ac vely manages its currency rate exposures through a centralised treasury division and uses natural hedging principles to 
mi gate the risks from such exposures.
Disclosure of hedged and unhedged foreign currency exposure
The carrying amounts of the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabili es at the end of the 
repor ng period are as follows:
As on March 31, 2024
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net liability 
exposure on 
the currency
Gross exposure Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net asset 
exposure on the 
currency
USD 59.63               -                                    59.63 249.66                -                                       249.66               190.03 
EUR 2.05                  -                                      2.05 2.39                     -                                            2.39                   0.34 
Others 2.14                  -                                      2.14 -                       -                                                -                    (2.14)
In INR 5,114.04          -                              5,114.04 19,676.74          -                                 19,676.74         14,562.70 
Liabili es
Currency
Net overall 
exposure on 
the currency - 
net assets / 
(net liabili es)
Assets
As on March 31, 2023
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net liability 
exposure on 
the currency
Gross exposure Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net asset 
exposure on the 
currency
USD 143.84
             
-
                    
              143.84 269.02
                
-
                       
                269.02               125.18 
EUR 1.91
                  
-
                    
                  1.91 0.97
                     
-
                       
                     0.97                  (0.94)
Others 0.02
                  
-
                    
                  0.02 -
                       
-
                       
                         -                    (0.02)
In INR 12,049.05
       
-
                    
        12,049.05 22,110.48
          
-
                       
          22,110.48         10,061.43 
Currency
Net overall 
exposure on 
the currency - 
net assets / 
(net liabili es)
Liabili es Assets
196
===== PAGE 200 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Foreign currency sensi vity analysis
Movement in the func onal currencies of the various opera ons of the Company against major foreign currencies may impact the 
Company's revenues from its opera ons. Any weakening of the func onal currency may impact the Company's cost of imports and cost 
of borrowings and consequently may increase the cost of ﬁnancing the Company's capital expenditures. The foreign exchange rate 
sensi vity is calculated for each currency by aggrega on of the net foreign exchange rate exposure of a currency and a simultaneous 
parallel foreign exchange rates shi  in the foreign exchange rates of each currency by 2%, which represents management's assessment of 
the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensi vity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency 
denominated monetary items and adjusts their transla on at the period end for a 2% change in foreign currency rates.
In management's opinion, the sensi vity analysis is unrepresenta ve of the inherent foreign exchange risk because of the exis ng 
exchange earning capacity of the company on account of its EOU status (Export oriented undertaking) and higher propor on of earnings 
in foreign exchange through exports.
Interest rate risk management
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk because it borrows funds at both ﬁxed and ﬂoa ng interest rates. The risk is managed by the 
Company by maintaining an appropriate mix between ﬁxed and ﬂoa ng rate borrowings. Hedging ac vi es are evaluated regularly to 
align with interest rate views and deﬁned risk appe te, ensuring the most cost-eﬀec ve hedging strategies are applied. Further, in 
appropriate cases, the Company also eﬀects changes in the borrowing arrangements to convert ﬂoa ng interest rates to ﬁxed interest 
rates.
Interest rate sensi vity analysis
The sensi vity analysis below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-deriva ve instruments at the end of 
the repor ng period. For ﬂoa ng rate liabili es, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of the liability outstanding at the end of 
the repor ng period was outstanding for the whole year. A 25 basis point increase or decrease is used when repor ng interest rate risk 
internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.
If interest rates had been 25 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Company's Proﬁt/ (loss) for the year 
ended March 31, 2024 would decrease/ increase by Rs. 33.30 lakhs (March 31, 2023 : Rs.55.09 lakhs). This is mainly a ributable to the 
Company's exposure to interest rates on its variable rate borrowings.
Credit risk management
Credit risk arises when a customer or counterparty does not meet its obliga ons under a customer contract or ﬁnancial instrument, 
leading to a ﬁnancial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its opera ng ac vi es primarily trade receivables and from its 
ﬁnancing/ inves ng ac vi es, including deposits with banks and foreign exchange transac ons. The Company has no signiﬁcant 
concentra on of credit risk with any counterparty.
Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of ﬁnancial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure is the total of the carrying 
amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, margin money and other ﬁnancial assets excluding 
equity investments.
(a) Trade Receivables
The Company has credit evalua on policy for each customer and based on the evalua on, credit limit of each customer is 
deﬁned. Wherever the Company assesses the credit risk as high, the exposure is backed by either bank guarantee/le er of 
credit or security deposits.
The Company does not have higher concentra on of credit risks to a single customer. As per simpliﬁed approach, the Company 
makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix to mi gate the risk of default in 
payments and makes appropriate provision at each repor ng date wherever outstanding is for longer period and involves higher 
risk.
(b) Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Bank Deposits
Credit Risk on cash and cash equivalents, deposits with the banks/ﬁnancial ins tu ons is generally low as the said deposits have 
been made with the banks/ﬁnancial ins tu ons, who have been assigned high credit ra ng by interna onal and domes c ra ng 
agencies.
 1972023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 201 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved banks/ ﬁnancial ins tu ons/ counterparty. Investments primarily 
include bank deposits, etc. These bank deposits and counterpar es have low credit risk. The Company has standard opera ng 
procedures and investment policy for deployment of surplus liquidity, which allows investment in bank deposit and restricts the 
exposure in equity markets.
       Oﬀse ng related disclosures
      Oﬀse ng of cash and cash equivalents to borrowings as per the bank agreement is available only to the bank in the event of a 
default. Company does not have the right to oﬀset in case of the counter party's bankruptcy, therefore, these disclosures are not 
required.
       Liquidity risk management
       Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its ﬁnancial obliga ons. The objec ve of liquidity risk management 
is to maintain suﬃcient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. The Company invests its surplus 
funds in bank ﬁxed deposits, which carry minimal mark to market risks. The Company also constantly monitors funding op ons 
available in the debt and capital markets with a view to maintaining ﬁnancial ﬂexibility.
       Liquidity tables
               The following tables detail the Company's remaining contractual maturity for its non-deriva ve ﬁnancial liabili es with 
agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash ﬂows of ﬁnancial liabili es 
based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay.
 Due in 1st 
year 
 Due in 2nd to 
5th year 
 Due a er 5th 
year 
 Carrying 
amount 
        17,938.88                           -   -                       17,938.88          
          1,404.75            12,020.91 -                       13,425.66          
Lease Liabili es                 33.33                    37.00 70.33                  
        19,376.96            12,057.91                           -             31,434.87 
March 31, 2024
Trade payables
Borrowings (including interest accrued thereon
upto the repor ng date)
Due in 1st 
year
Due in 2nd to 
5th year
Due a er 5th 
year
Carrying 
amount
        12,910.61                           -   -                       12,910.61          
        18,250.81            14,883.76 -                       33,134.57          
Lease Liabili es                        -                             -   -                      
        31,161.42            14,883.76                           -             46,045.18 
March 31, 2023
Trade payables
Borrowings (including interest accrued thereon
upto the repor ng date)
 March 31, 2024  March 31, 2023
Nil Nil
Fair value of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es that are not measured at fair 
value (but fair value disclosures are required):
198
===== PAGE 202 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
47  Related party disclosure    
a) List of par es controlling the Company and controlled by the Company
Holding company                                                  Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Subsidiary Companies                                          Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA
                                                                                  Orgenus Pharma Inc., USA (Subsidiary of Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc USA.)
                                                                              Orchid Pharma Inc / Karalex Pharma USA, (Subsidiary of Orchid Pharmaceu cals 
Inc, USA) 
                                                                                  Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited, South Africa (upto 31.01.2024)
                                                                                  Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA   
                                                                                  Diakron Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA 
                                                                                  Orchid Bio - Pharma Limiited
Associate Company                                               Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited
Enterprises in which the KMPs are having          Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd
control/ signiﬁcant inﬂuence                              Synmedic Laboratories
                                                                                  Dhanuka Agritech Ltd.
                                                                                  Invest Care Real Estate LLP
                                                                                  Golden Overseas Private Ltd.
                                                                                  M D Buildtech Private Ltd.
                                                                                                  Agrihawk Technologies Private Ltd.
                                                                                                 Star Living Infrastructure Advisors LLP
                                                                                                 Dhanuka Chemicals Private Ltd.
                                                                                                 H D Realtors Private Ltd.
                                                                                                 Turbos Advisers LLP
b) Key Management Personnel and their rela ves
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal                                         Chairman and non execu ve director
Mr. Manish Dhanuka                                    Managing Director
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka                                    Whole me Director
Mr. Mahendra Kumar Dhanuka                             Rela ve of Directors
Mr. Arjun Kumar Dhanuka                                      Director ( w.e.f  20th October,  2023)
Mr. Sunil Gupta                                                        Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Mr. Kapil Dayya                                                         Company Secretary
th
                                                                                   (w.e.f.16  December, 2023)
Ms. Marina Peter (w.e.f. 06.09.2022)                    Company Secretary 
                                                                                   (upto  12th December , 2023)
 1992023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 203 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
c)    Transac ons with related par es are as follows
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 2023
Sale of goods 1,620.80
       
817.62
           
17.09
               
5.05
               
33.33
           
107.50
          
-
               
-
                            
Purchase of goods 2,583.96
       
2,172.80
       
-
                   
26.77
             
17,012.94
   
13,406.93
     
-
               
-
                            
Purchase of land & Buildings -                 2,696.13       -               1,971.62       
Lease Income 174.42           147.15           118.76        100.19          
Lease rent paid 46.01           -                 
Rental deposit paid -                 -                 -               19.10             
Expenses paid 0.69               0.16               2.78             
Interest received -                 -                 13.33               -                 
Interest Paid 16.43               24.49             
Loan Given 766.44             445.23          Loan Given Repaid 410.00
             Loans/Advances received 1,500.00
       
865.00
             Loans/Advances repaid 1,500.00
       
-
                 
865.00
             Investment made -
                 
-
                 
1,499.90
         
0.10
               Sale of Undertaking -
                 
-
                 
-
                   
(105.81)
         -
                 
-
                 
-
               
-
                 
777.66
        
246.69
                     
Transac ons/ Balances Holding Company  Key Management Personnel 
and their Rela ves 
Subsidiary and Associate 
Companies
Remunera on & Short 
term beneﬁts*
Enterprises in which 
Key Management 
Personnel and their 
Rela ves have 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
*Post employment beneﬁt comprising gratuity and compensated absences is not disclosed as these are determined for the Company as a 
whole.
d) Balances with related par es are as follows
 
 
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024 March 31, 2023
Trade receivables 409.66
          
39.22
             
3,849.01
 
3,860.45
       
-
               
75.62
             
-
               
-
                           
Provision for Expected 
Credit Loss- Trade 
Receivables
(3,839.28) (3,839.28)      
-                 -                           5,229.36         5,229.36 
Provision for Expected 
Credit Loss -Loans & 
Advances
        (5,229.36)      (5,229.36)
Loans Advanced 788.97 469.72          
Trade payables 632.84          428.39           33.65 166.23          6,213.56     3,481.99       -               -                           Equity Share Capital - - - - - -
 Key Management Personnel
and their Rela ves 
Subsidiary and Associate 
CompaniesTransac ons/ Balances
Holding Company
 Loans and advances 
(Current)  
Enterprises in which 
Key Management 
Personnel and their 
Rela ves have 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
200
===== PAGE 204 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                            Investments 6,050.00
 
4,550.10
       Rent deposit 19.10
           
19.10
             Remunera on payable 313.46
        
45.96
                        0% Op onally Conver ble 
Debentures (including the 
equity component disclosed 
under "Other Equity") 
14,300.00
     
14,300.00
     
-
               
-
                 
-
               
-
                           
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024 March 31, 2023
                                                                                                      
 Key Management Personnel
and their Rela ves 
Subsidiary and Associate 
CompaniesTransac ons/ Balances
Holding Company
Enterprises in which 
Key Management 
Personnel and their 
Rela ves have 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
e) Material related party transac ons are as follows
Transac ons/ Balances  Year ended 
March 31, 
2024 
 Year ended 
March 31, 
2023 
Sale of goods
Orchid Pharma Inc. -
               
-
                 
Synmedic Laboratories 33.33
           
107.50
          
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 1,620.80
     
817.62
          
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 17.09
           
5.05
               Purchase of goods
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 2,583.96
     
2,172.80
       
Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd 16,990.24
   
13,406.93
     
Synmedic Laboratories 22.71
           
-
                 Purchase of Land and buildings
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited -
               
2,696.13
       Synmedic Laboratories -
               
1,971.62
       
Lease rentals for Land and buildings received
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 174.42
        
147.15
          Synmedic Laboratories 118.76
        
100.19
          
Rental  deposit paid
Dhanuka Agritech Limited -               19.10             
Lease rentals paid
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 46.01           -                 
₹ in lakhs
 2012023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 205 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Loan Given 
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 766.44        445.23          
Loan Given Repaid
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 410.00
        
-
                 
Loans and advances received
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 865.00
       
-
                 
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 1,500.00
    
-
                 
Loans and advances received repaid
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 865.00
       
-
                 
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 1,500.00
    
-
                 
Investments in Subsidiary / Associate Company
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited -
               
-
                 
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 1,499.90
    
0.10
               
Sale of Undertaking
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited -
               
(105.81)
         
Remunera on & Short term beneﬁts
Manish Dhanuka 355.10
       
118.11
          
Mridul Dhanuka 355.10
       
118.11
          
Sunil Gupta 54.83
           
-
                 
Kapil Dayya 4.29
             
-
                 
Marina Peter 8.34
             
                7.30 
Transac ons/ Balances  Year ended 
March 31, 
2024 
 Year ended 
March 31, 
2023 
₹ in lakhs
f) Material related party balances are follows
Trade receivables
Orchid Pharma Inc.*    3,839.28      3,839.28 
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited            9.73           21.17 
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited       409.66           39.22 
Synmedic Laboratories                -             75.62 
 As at 
March 31, 
2024 
 As at 
March 31, 
2023 
Name of the related party
202
===== PAGE 206 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Trade payables
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 632.84        428.39         
Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd 6,212.93     3,481.99      
Orchid Europe Limited 33.65                        33.65 
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited -                          132.58 
Synmedic Laboratories               0.63                     -   
Loans given
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited          788.97            469.72 
Rental  deposit paid
Dhanuka Agritech Limited            19.10              19.10 
Equity Share Capital
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 3,542.00
    
3,672.00
      
Investment
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 4,550.00
    
4,550.00
      
Orchid Bio-pharma Limited 1,500.00
    
0.01
              
0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 14,300.00
  
14,300.00
     
(including the equity component disclosed under "Other 
 As at 
March 31, 
2024 
 As at 
March 31, 
2023 
Name of the related party
*Provision has been made for the en re outstanding amount
 2032023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 207 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
48 Re rement beneﬁt plans
Deﬁned contribu on plans
In accordance with Indian law, eligible employees of the Company are en tled to receive beneﬁts in respect of Gratuity fund, a deﬁned 
contribu on plan, in which both employees and the Company make monthly contribu ons at a speciﬁed percentage of the covered 
employees' salary. The contribu ons, as speciﬁed under the law, are made to the Provident fund, Gratuity fund, Superannua on fund as 
well as Employee State Insurance Fund.
The total expense recognised in proﬁt or loss of Rs.393.63 Lakhs (for the year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 424.91 Lakhs) represents 
contribu on paid to these plans by the Company at rates speciﬁed in the rules of the plan.
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans
(a) Gratuity
Gratuity is payable as per Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.  In terms of the same, gratuity is computed by mul plying last drawn salary 
(basic salary including dearness Allowance if any) by completed years of con nuous service with part thereof in excess of six months and 
again by 15/26.  The Act provides for a ves ng period of 5 years for withdrawal and re rement and a monetary ceiling on gratuity payable 
to an employee on separa on, as may be prescribed under the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, from  me to  me.  However, in cases 
where an enterprise has more favourable terms in this regard the same has been adopted.
These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk and salary risk.
Investment risk
 
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated using a 
discount rate determined
 
by reference to the market yields on government 
bonds denominated in Indian Rupees. If the actual return on plan asset is 
below this rate, it will create a plan deﬁcit.  
  
  
Interest risk  A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, 
this will be par ally oﬀset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt 
investments.  
  
Longevity risk  The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated by 
reference to the best es mate of the mortality of plan par cipants both 
during and a er their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the 
plan par cipants will increase the plan's liability.  
  
  
Salary risk
 
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated by 
reference to the future salaries of plan par cipants. As such, an increase in 
the salary of the plan par cipants will increase the plan’s
 
liability.
 
  
  
 
The principal assump ons used for the purposes of the actuarial valua ons were as follows:
Par culars  March 31, 2024  March 31, 2023 
Discount Rate  7.19%  7.27% 
Rate of increase in 
compensa on level  
7.00%  7.00% 
Expected return on plan assets  7.27%  7.04% 
Mortality  
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012 -14) 
(Ul mate)  
Indian Assured Lives Mortality 
(2012 -14) 
(Ul mate) 
 
The es mates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valua on, take account of inﬂa on, seniority, promo on and other 
relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
204
===== PAGE 208 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
                       97.62                        88.48 
                     111.91                        97.47 
                     (85.12)                      (18.48)
                     124.41                      167.47 
                       45.06                        23.28 
                       45.06                        23.28 
                     169.47                      190.75 
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in other 
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in other comprehensive income
Amounts recognisedin total comprehensiveincome in respect of
these deﬁned beneﬁt plans are as follows:
Amount recognised under Employee Beneﬁts Expense in the Statement of proﬁt and 
Current service cost
Net interest expense
Return on plan assets
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in proﬁt or loss
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the year
Remeasurement on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability comprising:
Actuarial (gains)/losses recognised during the period
i. Current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the 'Employee Beneﬁts Expense' in proﬁt or loss.
ii. The remeasurement of the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability is included in other comprehensive income.
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Present value of deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                  1,757.10                  1,588.19 
Fair value of plan assets                 (1,477.00)                    (277.46)
Net liability/ (asset) arising from deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                      280.10                  1,310.73 
Funded                      280.10                  1,310.73 
Unfunded                               -                                 -   
                     280.10                  1,310.73 
Opening deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                  1,588.19                  1,440.26 
Current service cost                        97.62                        88.48 
Interest cost                      111.91                        97.47 
Actuarial (gains)/losses                        56.71                        73.58 
Beneﬁts paid                      (97.33)                    (111.60)
Rounding oﬀ                               -                                 -   
Closing deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                  1,757.10                  1,588.19 
The amount included in the balancesheet arising from the Company'sobliga onin
respect of its deﬁned beneﬁt plans is as follows:
Movementsin the present valueof the deﬁnedbeneﬁt obliga onin
the current year were as follows:
The above provisions are reﬂected under 'Provision for employeebeneﬁts- Gratuity'
(Noncurrentprovisions) [Refernote23] and 'Provision for employeebeneﬁts- Gratuity'
(Current provisions) [Refer note 28]. 
 2052023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 209 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Opening fair value of plan assets                      277.46                      316.24 
Contribu ons                  1,200.10                          4.04 
                       85.12                        18.48 
Beneﬁts paid                      (97.33)                    (111.60)
Actuarial gains/(loss)                        11.65                        50.30 
Closing fair value of plan assets                  1,477.00                      277.46 
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets in the current year 
Return on plan assets 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Sensi vity analysis
In view of the fact that the Company for preparing the sensi vity analysis considers the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on 
which has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the repor ng period, which is the same as that applied in 
calcula ng the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on liability recognised in the balance sheet.
(b) Compensated absences
The leave scheme is a ﬁnal salary deﬁned beneﬁt plan, that provides for a lumpsum payment at the  me of separa on; based on scheme 
rules the beneﬁts are calculated on the basis of last drawn salary and the leave count at the  me of separa on and paid as lumpsum.
The design en tles the following risk
Interest rate risk
 
The deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on calculated uses a discount rate based on 
government bonds. If bond yields fall, the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on will tend 
to increase.  
  
Salary inﬂa on risk  Higher than expected increases in salary will increase the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on.
 
Demographic risk  
  
  
  
  
 
This is the risk of vola lity of results due to unexpected nature of decrements that 
include mortality a ri on, disability and re rement. The eﬀects of these decrement on 
the DBO depends upon the combina on salary increase, discount rate, and ves ng 
criteria and therefore not very straight forward. It is important not to overstate 
withdrawal rate because the cost of re rement beneﬁt of a short caring employees will 
be less compared to long service employees.
The above provisions are reﬂected under 'Provision for employee beneﬁts- Compensated absences' (Non- current provisions) [Refer note 
24] and 'Provision for employee beneﬁts - Compensated absences' (Current provisions) [Refer note 28].
206
===== PAGE 210 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
49 Addi onal regulatory and other informa on as required by the Schedule III to the Companies Act 2013
(a) Ageing Schedule of Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP)
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 1,018.27           -                 -            -             1,018.27   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -                     -                 -            -             -             
1,018.27
           
-
                 
-
            
-
             
1,018.27
   
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
As at March 31, 2023
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 3,630.76           242.87          1.57          733.98      4,609.18   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -                     -                 -            -             -             
3,630.76
           
242.87
          
1.57
          
733.98
      
4,609.18
   
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
(b) Ageing Schedule of Intangible assets under development :
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 1,427.77           -                 -            -             1,427.77   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -                     -                 -            -             -             
1,427.77
           
-
                 
-
            
-
             
1,427.77
   
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
As at March 31, 2023
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress -                     -                 -            -             -             
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -                     -                 -            -             -             
-                     -                 -            -             -             
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
 2072023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 211 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
© Comple on Schedule for Capital Work-in-Progress whose comple on is overdue
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
-                     -                 -            -             -             
To be completed in Total
Nil
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
-
                     
-
                 
-
            
-
             
-
             
To be completed in Total
Nil
As at March 31, 2023
(d) Ageing Schedule of Trade Receivables
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Not due Less than 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Undisputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good 14,690.17         4,226.12       20.75        -             -             -                         18,937.04  
-                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              
Credit impaired -                     -                 -            -             -             7,927.58               7,927.58     
Disputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good -                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              
-                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              Credit impaired -                     -                 -            -             -             259.61                   259.61        14,690.17         4,226.12       20.75        -             -             8,187.19               27,124.23  Less: Expected Credit Loss Allowance (8,187.19)   18,937.04   
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Which have signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk and considered doub ul
Which have signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk and considered doub ul
Total
 
 
 
As at March 31, 2023
 
 
 
Par culars
Not due Less than 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Undisputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good 15,810.32         5,380.41       -            -             -             -                         21,190.73  
-                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              
Credit impaired -                     -                 -            -             19.35        7,934.74               7,954.09     
Which have signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk and considered doub ul
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
208
===== PAGE 212 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Disputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good -                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              
-                     -                 -            -             -             259.61                   259.61        Credit impaired -                     -                 -            -             -             -                        -              15,810.32         5,380.41       -            -             19.35        8,194.35               29,404.43  Less: Expected Credit Loss Allowance (8,213.70)   21,190.73   
Which have signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk and considered doub ul
Par culars
Not due Less than 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
(e) Ageing Schedule of Trade Payables
Par culars
Not due Less than 1 
year
1-2 years More than 3 years
As at March 31, 2024 -                     -                 -            -                         
(i). MSME 770.55              91.58             3.97          0.40                       866.53        
(ii) Others 6,310.36           8,650.21       292.99      168.58                   15,563.07  
(iii). Disputed Dues - MSME -                     -                 -            -                         -               
(iv). Disputed Dues - Others -                     -                 -            -                         -               
(v). Unbilled Dues 1,509.28           -                 -            -                         1,509.28     
8,590.19           8,741.79       296.96      168.98                   17,938.88  
As at March 31, 2023
(i). MSME 96.91                 41.94             1.30          17.15                     158.44        (ii) Others 8,660.25           2,167.71       134.23      562.80                   11,651.42  (iii). Disputed Dues - MSME -                     -                 -            -                         -               (iv). Disputed Dues - Others -                     -                 -            -                         -               (v). Unbilled Dues 1,035.91           58.70             6.14          -                         1,100.75     9,793.07
           
2,268.35
       
141.67
      
579.95
                   
12,910.61
  
140.96                            
1.14                                 
-                                   
0.03                                 
140.93                            
-                                   
-                                   
Total
2-3 years
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
-                                   
-                                   -                                   -                                   127.57
                            
126.43                            
(f) Proceedings under the Benami Transac ons (Prohibi on) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder
           There are no proceedings ini ated or are pending against the company for holding any benami property under the 
Benami Transac ons (Prohibi on) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder
(g) Borrowings from banks
               The Company is not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial Ins tu on or other lenders.
(h) Rela onship with Struck oﬀ Companies
            The Company did not have any transac ons with Companies struck oﬀ under Sec on 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or 
Sec on 560 of Companies Act, 1956 considering the informa on available with the Company.
(i) Compliance with number of layers of companies
             The Company is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of sec on 2 of the Act read with 
Companies (Restric on on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
(j) Key Financial Ra os
 2092023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 213 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Par culars Unit of 
Measurement
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
Varia on 
in %
Current Ra o In mul ple 3.73 1.73 116%
Debt-Equity Ra o In mul ple 0.11 0.45 (76%)
Debt Service Coverage Ra o In mul ple 1.72 1.24 39%
Return on Equity Ra o In % 10.00% 8.00% 25%
Inventory Turnover Ra o In Days 110.00          110.00      0%
Trade receivables Turnover Ra o In Days 89.00             102.00      (13%)
Trade payables Turnover Ra o In Days 105.00
          
101.00
      
4%
Net Capital Turnover Ra o In % 2.22
               
3.74
          
(41%)
Net Proﬁt Ra o In % 12.00% 8.00% 50%
Return on Capital Employed In % 9.17% 8.58% 7%
Return on Investment (Assets) In % 8.52% 1.28% 566%
Formula adopted for above Ra os:
Current Ra o = Current Assets / (Total Current Liabili es – Security Deposits payable on Demand – Current maturi es of Long 
Term Debt)
Debt-Equity Ra o = Total Debt / Total Equity
Debt Service Coverage Ra o = (EBITDA – Current Tax) / (Principal Repayment + Gross Interest on term loans)
Return on Equity Ra o = Total Comprehensive Income / Average Total Equity
Inventory Turnover Ra o (Average Inventory days) = 365 / (Net Revenue / Average Inventories)
Trade receivables Turnover Ra o (Average Receivables days) = 365 / (Net Revenue / Average Trade receivables)
Trade Payables Turnover Ra o (Average Payable days) = 365 / (Credit Purchases / Average Trade payables)
Net Capital Turnover Ra o =((Net Sales / Average Working Capital (Current Assets-Current Liabili es))
Net Proﬁt Ra o = Net Proﬁt / Net Revenue
Return on Capital employed = (Total Comprehensive Income + Interest) / (Average of (Equity + Total Debt))
Return on Investment  = Income generated from invested funds/Average invested funds in treasury investments
Reasons for Varia on if more than 25%
Current Ra o
The current ra o is higher  mainly due to substan al amount of Short term loans repaid during the year out of QIP funds.
Debt equity ra o
Major por on of the term loans have been repaid during the year and accordingly, the Debt Equity Ra o has improved.
Debt Service Coverage Ra o
Due to increase in proﬁt and reduc on in loan liability , the Debt Service Coverage Ra o has signiﬁcantly improved.
Return on Equity ra o
The return on equity ra o is increased mainly due to increase in proﬁtability during the year.
Net Capital Turnover Ra o
Due to decrease in short term borrowings compared to earlier year,the Capital turnover ra o improved
Net Proﬁt Ra o
Due to improved Turnover and proﬁtability the net proﬁt ra o has increased
210
===== PAGE 214 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Return on Investments
Due to unu lized QIP Funds kept in Fixed Deposits, the Return of investments improved substan ally compared to earlier 
year
(k) Scheme of arrangements
       There are no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sec ons 230 to 237 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 during the year.
(l) Advance or loan or investment to intermediaries and receipt of funds from intermediaries
      The company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or en ty(ies), including foreign en  es (Intermediaries) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in wri ng or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall (i) directly or indirectly lend or 
invest in other persons or en  es iden ﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (Ul mate 
Beneﬁciaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ul mate Beneﬁciaries.
      The company has also not received any fund from any person(s) or en ty(ies), including foreign en  es (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in wri ng or otherwise) that the company shall (i) directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or en  es iden ﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (Ul mate Beneﬁciaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ul mate 
Beneﬁciaries.
(m) Undisclosed Income
    The Company do not have any transac on which are not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 during any of the years.
(n) Details of Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency
   The Company did not trade or invest in Crypto Currency or virtual currency during the ﬁnancial year. Hence, 
disclosures rela ng to it are not applicable.
 2112023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 215 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
50 Disclosure of Leases
(i) Changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets.
Building Building
Balance as at 1st April, 2022 -
                               
-
                             
Addi ons during the year -
                               
-
                             
Termina on during the year -
                               
-
                            
Deprecia on -
                              
-
                            
Balance as at 31st March, 2023 -
                               
-
                             
Addi ons during the year 100.36                         -                             
Termina on during the year -                               -                            
Deprecia on (33.45)                          -                            
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 66.91                            -                             
(ii) Movement in Lease Liabili es
Opening Balance -
                             Addi ons during the year 100.36
                         
-
                             Finance cost accrued during the year 11.04
                            
-
                             Termina on during the year -
                              
-
                            Payment of lease liabili es (41.07)
                          
-
                            Closing Balance 70.33
                            
-
                             
(iii) Break-up of current and non-current lease liabili es.
Non-current lease liabili es 37.00
                            
-
                             
Current lease liabili es 33.33
                            
-
                             
Total 70.33
                            
-
                             (iv) Contractual maturi es of lease liabili es on undiscounted basis.
Not later than one year 41.07
                            
-
                             
Later than one year but not later than ﬁve years 41.07
                            
-
                             
Later than ﬁve years
Total 82.14
                            
-
                              
Par culars Category of Right-of-use asset
The aggregate deprecia on expense on Right-of-use assets is included under
deprecia onand amor za onexpenseinthe statement of proﬁt and loss. (Refer Note
No. 35)
Par culars
Par culars
Par culars
-                               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
212
===== PAGE 216 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
51 Audit trail:
The accoun ng so ware used by the Company, to maintain its Books of account have a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility 
and the same has been operated throughout the year for all transac ons recorded in the so ware. The Company has an established 
process of regularly iden fying shortcomings, if any, and upda ng technological advancements and features including audit trail. The 
shortcomings iden ﬁed during the course of audit are being reviewed and correc ve ac on is being taken wherever required.
 2132023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 217 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
52 Discon nuing opera ons
During the previous year, the Company has completed the sale of Orchid Towers which is previously classiﬁed as disposal group as per Ind 
AS 105.  Accordingly the gain of Rs. 3921.04 lacs has been disclosed in excep onal items in proﬁt and loss account.
During the year 2021-22, the Company had completed the sale of IKKT Division which was previously classiﬁed as disposal group as per 
Ind AS 105 "Non- Current Assets held for sale and Discon nued opera ons". Further, during the previous year the related working capital 
adjustment as per the Sale Agreement was ﬁnailised and the resultant net ou low amoun ng to Rs.105.81 lakhs has been disclosed 
under discon nuing opera ons.
(i) The carrying value of the total assets and liabili es of discon nued opera ons
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
Liabili es
Non Current liabili es                                    -                                   -   
Financial Liabili es                                    -                                   -   
Other Current Liabili es                                    -                                   -   
Total liabili es                                    -                                   -   
Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)                                    -                                   -   
Intangible Assets                                    -                                   -   
Capital Work in Progress                                    -                                   -   
Intangible under development                                    -                                   -   
Non Current Financial Assets                                    -                                   -   
Current Financial Assets                                    -                                   -   
Other current assets                                    -                                   -   
Total Assets                                    -                                   -   
Net Assets/ (Liabili es)                                    -                                   -   
 (ii)         The revenue and expenses in respect of ordinary ac vi es a ributable to discon nuing opera ons 
                                                    
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Revenue
Revenue from opera ons -
                               
-
                             
Other Income -
                               
(105.81)
                     
Total revenue (a) -                               (105.81)                     
214
===== PAGE 218 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed -                               -                             
Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, stock in trade and ﬁnished goods -                               -                             
Employee beneﬁts expense -                               -                             
Deprecia on and amor za on expense -                               -                             
Other expenses -                               -                             
Total expenses (b) -                               -                             
Proﬁt/ (Loss) before excep onal item and tax  (a-b) = (c) -                               (105.81)                     
Less : Excep onal item -                               -                             
Proﬁt/ (Loss) before tax -
                               
(105.81)
                     
Tax expenses -
                               
-
                             
Proﬁt/ (Loss) from discon nuing opera ons - (105.81)
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
As required by Ind AS 105, the Company re-presented the disclosures for prior periods presented in the Standalone ﬁnancial statements   
so that the disclosures relate to all opera ons that have been discon nued by the end of the repor ng period for the latest period presented.
 2152023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 219 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
53 During the year the Company allo ed Equity shares of 99,02,705 fully paid up of face value Rs. 10/- each   on 27th June 2023 by way of  
Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement (QIP) whereby proceeds of Rs.39180 Lakhs (Net of Share issue expenses of Rs.805.79 lakhs ) was raised. 
Further, post receipt of Lis ng Approval and Trading approval dated June 30, 2023,  the newly issued shares were available for trading on 
Stock Exchanges w.e.f. July 03, 2023.  As on March 31, 2024. the en re net Proceeds of Rs.39180 Lakhs was received by the Company 
under the QIP and the Statement of Net funds raised as per Oﬀer document and its u lisa on is furnished below :
Amount as stated 
in the Oﬀer 
Document (Rs. in 
Lakhs)
Total amount u lised  
upto March 31, 2024 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Balance amount as on 
March 31, 2024 kept in               
Fixed deposits              
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Remarks
14100 14100                                      -   
9982                                    -   9982
6098                               512 5860 #
39180 15024 24430
1) Investment in OBPL (subsidiary) for se ng up 
Jammu Manufacturing Facility
Par culars
2) Repayment/prepayment, in full or in part, of 
certain outstanding borrowings availed by the 
Company
3)  Funding capital expenditure requirements for 
se ng up a new block at the API Facility of the 
Company in Alathur, Tamil Nadu
4) General corporate purposes
Total
#As per the QIP oﬀer document the amount allocated for General Corporate Purpose (GCP)  was Rs. 6098 Lakhs which was based on the 
proposed net proceeds a er issue expenses being Rs. 39180 Lakhs. However, net proceeds transferred to Monitoring Account was Rs. 
39454 Lakhs as against the proposed Net Proceeds of Rs. 39180 Lakhs, therefore the surplus amount of Rs. 274 Lakhs has been included in 
the GCP Balance as on 31st March, 2024.
54 During the previous year the Company completed the sale of land and buildings at Orchid Towers, Chennai which was classifed in 
earlier years as "Non- Current asset held for sale". The resultant proﬁt on sale of the assets amoun ng to Rs. 3921.04 Lakhs is treated as 
an excep onal item in the Statement of proﬁt and loss.
55 Previous year ﬁgures have been regrouped or rearranged wherever considered necessary.
56 The ﬁnancial statements are approved and adopted by Board of Directors of the Company in their mee ng held on May 23, 2024.
As per our report of even date a ached   For and on behalf of the board
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E
Sd/-      Sd/-          Sd/-
Sudesh Choraria     Manish Dhanuka                       Mridul Dhanuka
Partner                 Managing Director       Whole- me Director
Membership No. 204936    DIN: 00238798                DIN: 00199441
      Sd/-          Sd/-
                                    Sunil Gupta                                 Kapil Dayya
                                Chief Financial Oﬃcer       Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai                                                                     Place : Gurgaon
Date : May 23, 2024                                                              Date : May 23, 2024    
9000 412 8588
216
===== PAGE 220 =====
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
217
===== PAGE 221 =====
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 
To the Members of Orchid Pharma Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
Qualiﬁed Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements of Orchid Pharma Limited (hereina er referred to as 
the 'Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company 
and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) and its 
Associate, which comprise of the consolidated balance sheet as 
at M arch 31,2024, and the consolidated statement of proﬁt and 
loss (including other comprehensive income), consolidated 
statement of cash ﬂows and consolidated statement of changes 
in equity for the year then ended, and notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, including a summary of signiﬁcant 
accoun ng policies and other explanatory informa on 
(hereina er referred to as “the Consolidated Financial 
Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our informa on and according to 
the explana ons given to us, except for the eﬀects of the ma er 
described in the Basis for Qualiﬁed Opinion sec on of our report, 
the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the 
informa on required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in 
the manner so required and give a true and fair view in 
conformity with Indian Accoun ng Standards prescribed under 
sec on 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian 
Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and 
other accoun ng principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of aﬀairs of the Group as at 31 March 2024, of 
its consolidated proﬁt (including other comprehensive income), 
consolidated Total comprehensive income, consolidated changes 
in equity and consolidated cash ﬂows for the year then ended on 
that date.
Basis for Qualiﬁed Opinion
We draw a en on to the fact that the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024 include the 
ﬁnancial statements for the year ended March 31, 2024, of the 
following subsidiary companies:
th
i) Orchid Europe Limited, UK   (Upto 27  September 2022)
ii) Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA 
iii) Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA
iv) Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited, South   
st
 Africa (Upto 31  January 2024)
v) Diakron Pharmaceu cals, Inc. USA
vi) Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited 
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements also include the ﬁnancial 
informa on of M/s Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited, an 
associate company accounted under equity method.
We did not audit the ﬁnancial statements of the above 
subsidiaries and Associate whose ﬁnancial statements reﬂect 
total Assets of Rs.957.58 Lakhs and net Assets of                       
Rs.(-) 6379.90 Lakhs as at March 31, 2024,  total revenue from 
opera ons of Rs. Nil, total comprehensive income a er tax of 
Rs.(-) 2.86 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2024 respec vely 
and net cash ﬂows amoun ng to Rs.(-) 82.54 Lakhs for the year 
ended on that date as considered in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements. We also did not audit the Group's share of net Proﬁt / 
loss (a er tax) of Rs.(-) 289.78 Lakhs of the associate for the year 
ended March 31, 2024, as considered in the consolidated 
ﬁnancial statements
The standalone ﬁnancial statements of the subsidiaries (other 
than Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited) and associate are unaudited 
and have been furnished to us by the management and our 
opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, in so far as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of the 
subsidiaries and associate, is based solely on such unaudited 
ﬁnancial statements. Accordingly, we do not express any opinion 
on the completeness and true and fair view of the ﬁnancial 
statements, including adjustments, if any, required on the 
carrying amount of assets and liabili es of the above subsidiaries 
and associate as at March 31, 2024 included in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
We conducted our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements` in accordance with the Standards on Audi ng (SAs) 
speciﬁed under sec on 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibili es 
under those SAs are further described in the Auditor's 
Responsibili es for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements sec on of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Ins tute of Chartered Accountants of India 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibili es in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics.
2182023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 222 =====
 We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with the 
considera on of audit report of the other auditor referred to 
“Other Ma ers” paragraph below, is suﬃcient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Emphasis of Ma er
Without qualifying our opinion, we draw a en on to the 
following ma er:
Note 42 to the ﬁnancial statements rela ng to the fact that the 
Group has taken certain lands on lease for its opera ons in 
respect of which the lease agreement expired before the date of 
commencement of the Corporate Insolvency Resolu on Process. 
We were informed that as part of the right to review the exis ng 
agreements, the Group has made a detailed assessment of the 
market rent for the property and the market value of the property 
for outright purchase. We were also informed that since the 
present rent as per erstwhile lease agreement is signiﬁcantly high 
considering the market value of the property itself, the Group is in 
talks with the lessor for renewal of the lease with lower rent or for 
outright purchase of the property as part of the implementa on 
of the resolu on plan. However, no ﬁnality is reached on this 
ma er as of date.
Pending comple on of the nego a on and the uncertain es 
involved, the Group disputed the por on of the lease rent, 
considered to be excessive than the market rate as assessed by an 
independent valuer, amoun ng to Rs. 3,871.68 Lakhs unto March 
31, 2024 in respect of the aforesaid lease. The same has been 
treated as con ngent liability in the Consolidated  ﬁnancial 
statements of the group. 
Based on legal opinion obtained, the management is of opinion 
that no liability will arise on comple on of the nego a on.
Our opinion on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements is not 
modiﬁed in respect of the above ma er.
Key Audit Ma ers
Key audit ma ers are those ma ers that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most signiﬁcance in our audit of the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 
March 31, 2024. These ma ers were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements as a whole, 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these ma ers.
For the ma er stated below, our descrip on of how our audit 
addressed the ma er is provided in that context. 
1. Revenue Recogni on (Refer Note 3 (c) and 30 to the Consolidated ﬁnancial Statements) 
Revenue is recognized at an amount that reﬂects the 
considera on to which the Company expects to be en tled 
in exchange for transferring goods to a customer. The 
revenue recogni on occurs at a point in  me when the 
control of the goods is transferred to the customer. 
We focussed on this area as a key audit ma er as the value 
is signiﬁcant and also since Exports form a substan al part 
of the Sales of the Group, wherein there are mul ple terms 
of Sale, an inherent risk exists of revenue being recognized 
before the control is transferred.     
As part of our audit procedures, we: 
Ø Read the Group’s accoun ng policy for revenue 
recogni on and assessed compliance with the 
requirements of Ind AS 115. 
Ø Evaluated the design, tested the implementa on and 
opera ng effec veness of the Holding Company’s internal 
controls including general IT controls and key IT 
applica on controls over recogni on of revenue. 
Ø On a sample basis, tested suppor ng documenta on for 
sales transactions which included sales invoices, customer 
contracts, and shipping documents. 
Ø Tested revenue samples focused on sales recorded 
immediately before the year-end, obtained evidence as 
regards  ming of revenue recogni on, based on terms and 
condi ons of sales contracts and delivery documents. 
Ø Assessed disclosures in ﬁnancial statements in respect of 
revenue, as specified in Ind AS 115. 
 
Key audit ma er How our audit addressed the key audit ma er
219
===== PAGE 223 =====
Informa on Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor's 
Report Thereon 
The Holding Group's management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for the other informa on. The other informa on 
comprises the informa on included in the Holding Group's 
annual report, but does not include the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and our Auditor's Report thereon. 
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not 
cover the other informa on and we do not express any form of 
assurance thereon.
In connec on with our audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other informa on 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other informa on is 
materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial 
Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed and based on the work done/ audit report of other 
auditor, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other informa on, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibili es of the Management for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
The Holding Group's management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for the prepara on and presenta on of these 
Consolidated Financial Statements in term of the requirements 
of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
ﬁnancial posi on, consolidated  ﬁnancial  performance including 
other comprehensive income, consolidated cash ﬂows and 
consolidated changes in equity of the Group in accordance with 
the accoun ng principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accoun ng Standards (Ind AS) speciﬁed under sec on 
133 of the Act. read with the Companies (Indian Accoun ng 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. The respec ve 
Management and Board of Directors of the companies/ en  es  
included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of 
adequate accoun ng records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each group and for 
preven ng and detec ng frauds and other irregulari es; the 
selec on and applica on of appropriate accoun ng policies; 
making judgments and es mates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and the design, implementa on and maintenance of 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls, that were opera ng 
eﬀec vely for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the 
accoun ng records, relevant to the prepara on and presenta on 
of the Consolidated Financial Statements that give a true and fair 
view and are free from material misstatement, that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of 
prepara on of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the 
Directors of the Group, as aforesaid. 
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the 
respec ve management and Board of Directors of the Group and 
of its subsidiaries included in the Group are responsible for 
assessing the ability of each group to con nue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, ma ers related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accoun ng unless management 
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease opera ons, or 
has no realis c alterna ve but to do so. 
The respec ve management and Board of Directors of the Group 
and of its subsidiaries included in the Group are also responsible 
for overseeing the ﬁnancial repor ng process of the Group.
Auditor's Responsibili es for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Our objec ves are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an Auditor's Report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional scep cism 
throughout the audit. We also:
· Iden fy and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is suﬃcient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detec ng a material misstatement resul ng from fraud is 
higher than for one resul ng from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, inten onal omissions,
 misrepresenta ons, or the override of internal control.
· Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under sec on 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Group has adequate internal ﬁnancial  
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng in place and the opera ng 
eﬀec veness of such controls. 
· Evaluate the appropriateness of accoun ng policies used and 
the reasonableness of accoun ng es mates and related 
disclosures made by Management and Board of Directors.
2202023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 224 =====
· Conclude on the appropriateness of Management and Board 
of Directors use of the going concern basis of accoun ng 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a 
material uncertainty exists related to events or condi ons 
that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on the ability of the Group to 
con nue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw a en on in our 
Auditor's Report to the related disclosures in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
Auditor's Report. However, future events or condi ons may 
cause the Group to cease to con nue as a going concern 
· Evaluate the overall presenta on, structure and content of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial 
Statements represent the underlying transac ons and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presenta on.
· Obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
ﬁnancial informa on of such en  es or business ac vi es 
within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, of which we are the independent 
auditors. We are responsible for the direc on, supervision 
and performance of the audit of ﬁnancial statements of such 
en  es included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of 
which we are the independent auditors. For the other en ty 
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which 
has been audited by other auditor, such other auditor 
remains responsible for the direc on, supervision and 
performance of the audit carried out by them. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a 
reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements may be inﬂuenced. We consider quan ta ve 
materiality and qualita ve factors in (i) planning the scope of our 
audit work and in evalua ng the results of our work; and (ii) to 
evaluate the eﬀect of any iden ﬁed misstatements in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the 
Holding Group and such other en  es included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other ma ers, the 
planned scope and  ming of the audit and signiﬁcant audit 
ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control 
that we iden fy during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
rela onships and other ma ers that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
From the ma ers communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those ma ers that were of most 
signiﬁcance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the ﬁnancial year ended March 2024 and are therefore the 
key audit ma ers. We describe these ma ers in our Auditor's 
Report unless law or regula on precludes public disclosure about 
the ma er or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a ma er should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts 
of such communica on.
Other Ma er
We did not audit the ﬁnancial statements of a subsidiary whose 
ﬁnancial statements includes total assets of Rs.2360.35 Lakhs as 
at March 31, 2024, total revenues of Rs.Nil, total net proﬁt a er 
tax of Rs. 31.46 Lakhs, total comprehensive income of Rs.31.46 
Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2024 and net cash inﬂow of 
Rs.(-) 15.78 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2024, as 
considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These 
Financial Statements have been audited by other auditor whose 
report has been furnished to us by the Management and our 
opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements and our report 
in terms of sub-sec on (3) of Sec on 143 of the Act, in so far as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of the 
subsidiary, are based solely on the report of the other auditor.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements is not 
modiﬁed in respect of the above ma er with respect to our 
reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditor.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by sec on 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
a) We have sought and obtained all the informa on and 
explana ons which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
221
===== PAGE 225 =====
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
rela ng to prepara on of the aforesaid Consolidated 
Financial Statements have been kept so far as it appears from 
our examina on of those books. 
c) The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement 
of proﬁt and loss (including other comprehensive income), 
the consolidated cash ﬂows and the consolidated statement 
of changes in equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the relevant books of account maintained 
for the purpose of prepara on of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, subject to our comments in the basis of 
qualiﬁed opinion paragraph of our report.  
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial 
Statements comply with the Ind AS speciﬁed under sec on 
133 of the Act. read with Companies (Indian Accoun ng 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the wri en representa ons received from the 
directors of the Holding Company as on 31 March 2024 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company 
none of the directors are disqualiﬁed as on March 31,2024 
from being appointed as a director in terms of sec on 164(2) 
of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng of the Group and the 
opera ng eﬀec veness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure A”. 
g) With respect to the other ma ers to be included in the 
Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of 
sec on 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to 
the best of our informa on and according to the 
explana ons given to us, the managerial remunera on for 
the year ended March 31, 2024 paid by the group to its 
directors is in accordance with the provisions of sec on 197 
read with Schedule V to the Act, and
h) With respect to the other ma ers to be included in the 
Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion 
and to the best of our informa on and according to the 
explana ons given to us: 
 i)  The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose the 
impact of pending li ga ons as at 31 March 2024 on the 
consolidated ﬁnancial posi on of the Group - Refer Note 
42 to the Consolidated Financial Statements; 
ii. The Group has made provision, as required under the 
applicable law or accoun ng standards, for material 
foreseeable losses, if any, on long term contracts 
including deriva ve contracts,   
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Educa on 
and Protec on Fund by the Holding Company or its 
subsidiary companies incorporated in India during the 
year ended 31 March 2024; 
iv. The Management has represented that, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief:
(a) The respec ve managements of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries which are companies 
incorporated in India, if any, whose ﬁnancial 
statements have been audited under the Act have 
represented to us that, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, other than as disclosed in the notes to the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements, if any, no funds 
have been advanced or loaned or invested either 
from borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds by the Group to or in any 
other persons or en  es, including foreign en  es 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in wri ng or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or en  es iden ﬁed 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Group (“Ul mate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ul mate Beneﬁciaries;
(b) The respec ve managements of the Holding Group 
and its subsidiaries, which are companies 
incorporated in India, if any, whose ﬁnancial 
statements have been audited  under the Act have 
represented to us that, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, other than as disclosed in the notes to the 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements, if any, no funds 
have been received by the Group from any persons 
or en  es, including foreign en  es (“Funding 
Par es”), with the understanding, whether recorded 
in wri ng or otherwise, that the Group shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or en  es iden ﬁed in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ul mate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ul mate 
Beneﬁciaries; and 
(c) Based on the audit procedures carried out by us, that 
we have considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our no ce 
t h a t  h a s  c a u s e d  u s  t o  b e l i e v e  t h a t  t h e 
representa ons under sub-clause (a) and (b) contain 
any material mis-statement.
 v. The Group has not declared or paid any dividends during 
the year and accordingly repor ng on compliance with 
sec on 123 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable 
for the year under considera on.
2222023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 226 =====
vi. Based on our examina on which included test checks, the Company has used accoun ng so ware for maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transac ons 
recorded in the so ware, except that the audit trail feature was not enabled at database level, as described in note 45 to the ﬁnancial 
statements. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with in 
respect of other accoun ng so ware.
As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is applicable from 1 April 2023, repor ng under Rule 11(g) of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 on preserva on of audit trail as per the statutory requirements for record reten on is not 
applicable for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 March 2024.
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on no: 302049E
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Date: May 23, 2024                                                                                                                                                       Membership no: 204936
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                      UDIN: 24204936BKGEAR7098 
Sd/-
223
===== PAGE 227 =====
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of 
Sub-sec on 3 of Sec on 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the 
Act')
Opinion
We have audited the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
repor ng of Orchid Pharma Limited (hereina er referred to as 
the 'Holding Company”), its subsidiaries (Holding Company and 
its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) and its 
Associate, as of and for the year ended March 31, 2024 in 
conjunc on with our audit of the Consolidated  ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Group has, in all material respects, adequate 
internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng and such 
internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng were opera ng 
eﬀec vely as at March 31,2024, based on the internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng criteria established by the Group 
considering the essen al components of such internal controls 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Repor ng issued by the Ins tute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Group's management and the Board of Directors are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng based on the criteria established 
by the Holding Company considering the essen al components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These 
responsibili es include the design, implementa on and 
maintenance of adequate internal ﬁnancial controls that were 
opera ng eﬀec vely for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to the respec ve 
group's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the preven on 
and detec on of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accoun ng records, and the  mely 
prepara on of reliable ﬁnancial informa on, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013 (hereina er referred to as “the  Act”).
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and 
the Standards on Audi ng, prescribed under sec on 143(10) of 
the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial 
repor ng were established and maintained and if such controls 
operated eﬀec vely in all material respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial controls 
over ﬁnancial repor ng and their opera ng eﬀec veness. Our 
audit of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng 
included obtaining an understanding of internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and tes ng and evalua ng the design 
and opera ng eﬀec veness of the internal controls based on the 
assessed risk.  The procedures selected depend on the Auditor's 
judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Group's internal ﬁnancial control system over ﬁnancial repor ng.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over ﬁnancial repor ng 
A group's internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of ﬁnancial repor ng and the prepara on of ﬁnancial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accoun ng principles. A group's internal ﬁnancial 
controls over ﬁnancial repor ng includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transac ons 
and disposi ons of the assets of the group; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transac ons are recorded as 
necessary to permit prepara on of ﬁnancial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accoun ng principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the group are being made only 
in accordance with authorisa ons of management and directors 
of the group; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
preven on or  mely detec on of unauthorised acquisi on, use, 
or disposi on of the group's assets that could have a material 
eﬀect on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
 Annexure – A to the Independent Auditor's Report of even date to the members of 
Orchid Pharma Limited on the Consolidated ﬁnancial Statements as of and for the year 
ended March 31, 2024 
(Referred to in paragraph 1 (f) of our Report on Other legal and regulatory requirements)  
2242023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 228 =====
Inherent Limita ons of Internal Financial Controls over ﬁnancial repor ng  
Because of the inherent limita ons of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projec ons of any evalua on of the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng to future periods are subject to the risk that 
the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial repor ng may become inadequate because of changes in condi ons, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on no: 302049E
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Date: May 23, 2024                                                                                                                                                       Membership no: 204936
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                      UDIN: 24204936BKGEAR7098 
Sd/-
225
===== PAGE 229 =====
226
 
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualifications (for audit reports with modiﬁed opinion) 
submi ed along with Annual Audited Financial Results 
 
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualifications Submi ed for the Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2024 – Consolidated Basis 
[Pursuant to Regula on 33 of the SEBI (LODR) (Amendment) Regula ons, 2015] 
I 
Sl. No Par culars 
Audited ﬁgures (as 
reported before 
adjus ng for 
qualiﬁcations)       (Rs. 
In Lakhs) 
Audited ﬁgures (audited 
ﬁgures a er adjus ng for 
qualiﬁcations)                    
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
1 Turnover /Total Income (including 
other income and excep onal Income) 
85023.10 85023.10 
2 Total Expenditure (Including ﬁnance 
cost and excep onal items) 75806.45 75806.45 
3 Net Proﬁt / (Loss)  9216.65 9216.65 
4 Earnings per Share (In Rs.) 19.06 19.06 
5 Total Assets 155387.39 155387.39 
6 Total Liabili es 38440.78 38440.78 
7 Net worth 116946.61 116946.61 
8 Any Other Financial item(s) (as felt 
appropriate by the management) 
 
- 
 
- 
II Audit Qualifica on (Each audit qualiﬁca on separately) 
1 (a) Details of Audit Qualiﬁca on:  
 The Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024 include the ﬁnancial statements for 
the year ended March 31, 2024, of the following subsidiary companies: 
(i)
 
Orchid Pharmaceuticals Inc., USA
 
(ii)
 
Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA
 
(iii)
 
Diakron Pharmaceu cals, Inc. USA
 
(iv)
  
Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited
 
(v)
 
Orchid Pharmaceuticals SA (Proprietary) Limited, South Africa (Upto 31st
 
Jan, 2024)
 
(vi)
 
Orchid Europe Limited, UK (Upto 27th
 
September, 2022)
 
 
The consolidated financial statements
 
also include the results of M/s Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private 
Limited, an associate company accounted under equity method.
 
 
We did not audit the financial statements of 5 subsidiaries and
 
an
 
Associate whose ﬁnancial statements 
reﬂect total Assets of Rs.
 
957.58
 
Lakhs and net Assets of Rs.(-)
 
6379.90
 
Lakhs as at March 31, 2024,  total 
revenue from opera ons of Rs. Nil and Rs.Nil, total comprehensive income a er tax of Rs.( -) 2.86
 
Lakhs 
and Rs.(-) 2.86
 
Lakhs for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024
 
respec vely and net cash ﬂows 
amoun ng to Rs.
 
82.54
 
Lakhs for the year ended on that date as considered in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements. We also did not audit the Group’s
 
share of net Profit / loss (a er tax) of 
                
Rs.(-)
 
54.62
 
Lakhs and Rs.(-) 289.78
 
Lakhs of the associate for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024
 
respec vely, 
as considered in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
 
 
The ﬁnancial statements of the subsidiaries and associate are unaudited and have been furnished to us by 
the management and our opinion on the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements, in so far as it relates to the 
amounts and disclosures included in respect of the subsidiaries and associate, is based solely on such 
unaudited ﬁnancial statements. Accordingly, we do not express any opinion on the completeness and true 
and fair view of the ﬁnancial statements, including adjustments, if any, required on the carrying amount of 
assets and liabili es of the above subsidiaries and associate and foreign currency transla on reserve as at 
===== PAGE 230 =====
March 31, 2024 included in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. This has also been qualiﬁed in the 
Limited Review reports of the earlier quarters and audit reports of the earlier years. 
 
(b) Type of Audit Qualiﬁca on : Qualified opinion 
(c ) Frequency of Qualiﬁca on : Repe  ve 
 (d) For Audit Qualiﬁcation(s) where the 
impact is quan ﬁed by the auditor, 
Management Views: 
 
N.A. 
(e ) For Audit Qualiﬁca on(s) where the impact is not quan ﬁed by the auditor: 
 (i) Management’s es ma on on the 
impact of audit qualiﬁca on: 
N.A. 
 
 
 (ii) If management is unable to es mate 
the impact, reason for the same  
The subsidiaries of the Company are located in USA and  
India. Audit is not compulsory for companies in USA, if  
they are not publicly traded. Orchid Europe Limited and 
Orchid Pharmaceuticals SA (Proprietary) Limited have  
been closed now. Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc. is now 
audited up to March 31, 2023. Further, transac ons in 
majority Subsidiaries are Nil/or very less. Further the 
accounts consolidated of India Subsidiary is audited. 
 (iii) Auditor’s Comment on (i) or (ii) 
above: Refer “Basis for Qualiﬁed Opinion” in our audit report.  
III Signatories 
 
 
 
 
           Sd/-                                            sd/-                                                Sd/- 
      Sunil Gupta                         Manish Dhanuka                                Manoj Goyal                                   
Chief Financial Oﬃcer            Managing Director                 Audit Commi ee Chairman         
                                                      DIN: 00238798          
Place: Gurugram 
Date :  May 23, 2024 
 
Statutory Auditor
 
 
Refer our Independent Auditors’ report dated May 23, 2024
 
on Consolidated
 
Financial Results of the Company
 
 
For Singhi & Co.
 
Chartered Accountants
 
Firm Registra on No: 302049E
 
Sd/-
 
Sudesh Choraria
 
Partner
 
Membership No: 204936
 
 
 
Place : Mumbai
 
Date : May 23, 2024
 
  2272023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 231 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
As at As at
Notes March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4 61,892.39           57,270.88             
Intangible assets 4 64.08                   38.57                     
Capital work in progress 5 1,639.39              4,646.34               
Intangible assets under development 5A 1,427.77              -                         
Right of use assets 4 66.91                   -                         
Financial assets
Investments 6 4,582.39              4,444.13               
Other ﬁnancial assets 7 596.37                 687.48                  
Non current tax assets (net) 8 5,130.15              5,130.15               
Other non current assets 9 912.93                 202.11                  
Total non-current assets 76,312.38           72,419.66             
Current assets
Inventories 10 26,422.61           22,873.80             
Financial assets
Investments 11 -                        -                         
Trade receivables 12 19,554.71           21,519.38             
Cash and cash equivalents 13 360.09                 2,259.71               
Bank balances other than above 14 26,296.42           802.91                  
Loans 15 -                        -                         
Other ﬁnancial assets 16 450.48                 15.84                     
Current tax assets (net) 17 164.32                 95.37                     
Other current assets 18 5,826.38              2,533.96               
Total current assets 79,075.01           50,100.97             
Total Assets 1,55,387.39        1,22,520.63         
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 19 5,071.91              4,081.64               
Other equity 20 1,11,874.70        64,783.26             
Total equity 1,16,946.61        68,864.90             
Liabili es
Non-current liabili es
Financial liabili es
Borrowings 21 12,042.98           14,883.76             
Lease liability 22 37.00                   -                         
Provisions 23 363.37                 1,260.18               
Deferred Tax Liability (net) 24 -                        322.62                  
Total non-current liabili es 12,443.35           16,466.56             
2282023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 232 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Current liabili es
Financial liabili es
Borrowings 25 1,404.75              18,250.81             
Lease liability 26 33.33                   -                         
Trade payables 27
 - Outstanding Dues of Micro and Small Enterprises 866.53                 158.44                  
 - Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than Micro and Small  Enterprises 22,091.16           17,278.37             
Short term provisions 28 208.47                 348.60                  
Other current liabili es 29 1,393.19              1,152.95               
Total current liabili es 25,997.43           37,189.17             
Total Liabili es 38,440.78           53,655.73             
Total Equity and Liabili es 1,55,387.39        1,22,520.63         
Material Accoun ng Policies 3
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Sd/- Managing Director Whole me director
Sudesh Choraria DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Partner
Membership No. 204936 Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23, 2024 Date: May 23, 2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
229
===== PAGE 233 =====
Statement of consolidated proﬁt and loss as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Notes For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Con nuing Opera ons
A Income
Revenue from opera ons 30 81,936.82
              
66,589.84
              Other income 31 3,086.28
                 
1,943.05
                 Total income 85,023.10
              
68,532.89
              
B Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 32 52,835.31
              
40,609.61
              Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods and WIP 33 (4,389.40)
               
(2,147.54)
               Employee beneﬁts expense 34 6,964.17
                 
6,535.04
                 Deprecia on and amor sa on expense 35 3,323.71
                 
5,478.68
                 Finance costs 36 1,635.45
                 
3,222.57
                 Other expenses 37 15,459.34
              
13,230.88
              Total expenses 75,828.58
              
66,929.24
              
C Proﬁt / (Loss) before excep onal items and tax 9,194.52
                 
1,603.65
                 Excep onal items - Income / (Expenses) (Refer Note 55) -
                           
3,921.04
                 D Proﬁt / (Loss) before tax from con nuing opera ons 9,194.52
                 
5,524.69
                 Income tax expense
Current tax 38 10.71
                      
-
                           Deferred tax charge/ (credit) 38 (322.62)
                   
-
                           Proﬁt / (Loss) a er tax from con nuing opera ons 9,506.43
                 
5,524.69
                 
Discon nuing Opera ons
E Proﬁt / (Loss) for the year from discon nued opera ons -
                           
(677.51)
                   Tax expense of discon nued opera ons -
                           
-
                           Proﬁt / (Loss) from discon nued opera ons a er tax -
                           
(677.51)
                   
Proﬁt / (Loss) for the year before share of proﬁt of Associates 9,506.43
                 
4,847.18
                 Add: Share of Proﬁt / (loss)  of Associates (289.78)
                   
(215.35)
                   
F Proﬁt/ (Loss)  for the year 9,216.65                 4,631.83                 
G Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
Remeasurement of post employment beneﬁt obliga ons (45.06)                     (23.28)                     Gain/ (Loss) on fair valua on of investments 11.34                      5.40                         
Income tax (charge)/ credit rela ng to these items -                           -                           
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (33.72)                     (17.88)                     
Total comprehensive Proﬁt / (loss) for the year 9,182.93                 4,613.95                 
2302023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 234 =====
Statement of consolidated proﬁt and loss as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Sd/- Managing Director Whole me director
Sudesh Choraria DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Partner
Membership No. 204936 Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23, 2024 Date: May 23, 2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
Earnings per share 39
Earnings per equity share ( For con nuing opera ons):
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.06                      13.01                      
- Diluted       ( Rs.) 19.06                      13.01                      
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued opera ons ) :
- Basic       ( Rs.) -                           (1.67)                       
- Diluted       ( Rs.) -                           (1.67)                       
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued & con nuing opera ons) :
- Basic       ( Rs.) 19.06                      11.35                      
- Diluted       ( Rs.) 19.06                      11.35                      
Material Accoun ng Policies 3
231
===== PAGE 235 =====
Statement of consolidated cash ﬂows as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Par culars For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Cash Flow From Opera ng Ac vi es
Proﬁt/ loss before income tax 8,904.74                     4,631.83                          
     Adjustments for
Deprecia on and amor sa on expense                       3,323.71                           5,478.68 
(Proﬁt)/ loss on sale of ﬁxed assets (Net) (including Excep onal item)                                   -                            (3,998.50)
Loss on sale/ discard  of property, plant and equipment                            18.84                                        -   
Advances / Debit balances wri en oﬀ (Net)                            46.27                                        -   
Interest income                     (1,634.81)                               (61.80)
Unrealised forex (gain)/ loss                          762.64                               164.44 
Allowance for expected credit loss                           (26.51)                               118.83 
Finance costs                       1,635.45                           3,222.57 
Share of loss from associates under equity method                          289.78                               215.35 
(Proﬁt) / loss on sale of investments                                   -                                    (1.54)
13,320.11                   9,769.86                          
Change in opera ng assets and liabili es
     (Increase)/ decrease in Other ﬁnancial assets 91.11                           (211.43)                            
     (Increase)/ decrease in inventories (3,548.81)                    (5,608.17)                        
     (Increase)/ decrease in trade receivables 1,964.67                     (4,165.35)                        
     (Increase)/ decrease in Other assets (4,049.51)                    1,268.27                          
     Increase/ (decrease) in provisions and other liabili es (726.37)                       (580.94)                            
     Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables 5,485.13                     1,391.41                          
Cash generated from opera ons                    12,536.33                           1,863.65 
Add : Income taxes received (net of payments) 62.87                           (29.85)                              
Net cash from opera ng ac vi es (A)                    12,599.20                           1,833.80 
Cash Flows From Inves ng Ac vi es
Purchase of Property, plant and equipment (including changes in CWIP) (6,481.48)                    (8,491.31)                        
Sale proceeds of Property, plant and equipment -                               93.55                               
Net Sale proceeds of Land & Buildings -                               5,761.00                          
(Purchase)/ disposal proceeds of Investments (428.04)                       (103.46)                            
(Investments in)/ Maturity of ﬁxed deposits with banks (25,493.51)                 (427.27)                            
Interest received 1,200.17                     46.10                               
Net cash used in inves ng ac vi es (B)                   (31,202.86)                          (3,121.39)
Cash Flows From Financing Ac vi es
Proceeds from issue of equity share capital (net of share issue expenses) 39,194.21                   -                                    
Proceeds from Borrowings -                               17,319.84                       
Repayment of Borrowings (net) (20,854.72)                 (10,980.63)                      
Finance costs (1,635.45)                    (3,222.57)                        
Net cash from/ (used in) ﬁnancing ac vi es (C)                    16,704.04                           3,116.64 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) (1,899.62)                    1,829.05                          
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year 2,259.71                     430.66                             
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                          360.09                           2,259.71 
Notes: 
1. The above cash ﬂow statement has been prepared under indirect 
method prescribed in Ind  AS 7 "Cash Flow Statements".
2322023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 236 =====
Statement of consolidated cash ﬂows as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Sd/- Managing Director Whole me director
Sudesh Choraria DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Partner
Membership No. 204936 Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23, 2024 Date: May 23, 2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
₹ in lakhs
Par culars For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
2. Components of cash and cash equivalents
Balances with banks
- in current accounts 355.77
                        
2,259.05
                          
- in ﬁxed deposit with original maturity of less than 3 months -
                               
-
                                    
Cash on hand 4.32                             0.66                                  
360.09                        2,259.71                          
3. Reconciliation of Liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activiities
Particulars Cash Flows Non-Cash Changes Outstanding as at 
31st March, 2024
Long Term Borrowings (8,164.42)
                           
1167.88 12042.98
Short Term Borrowings (12,690.30)
                         
1404.75
Total Liabilities from ﬁnancing 
activities (20,854.72)
                         
1167.88 13447.73
                        Outstanding as at                   
1st April, 2023
19039.52
14095.05
33134.57
233
===== PAGE 237 =====
Statement of Consolidated Changes in Equity as at March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the ﬁnancial statements
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Sd/- Managing Director Whole me director
Sudesh Choraria DIN: 00238798 DIN: 00199441
Partner
Membership No. 204936 Sd/- Sd/-
Sunil Gupta Kapil Dayya
Chief Financial Oﬃcer Company Secretary
Place : Mumbai Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23, 2024 Date: May 23, 2024
For and on behalf of the board
Mridul Dhanuka
(A) Equity Share Capital
Balance at the end of March 31, 2022 4,081.64          
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors -                    
Changes in equity share capital during the period -                    
Balance at the end of March 31, 2023 4,081.64          
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period errors -                    
Changes in equity share capital during the period 990.27             
Balance at the end of March 31, 2024 5,071.91          
(B) Other Equity (a ributable to the owners of Orchid Pharma Limited)
14,711.55 (2,31,432.60)
4,631.83 
- 
14,711.55                     (2,26,800.77)
 
(487.04)                      (23.28)
 
14,224.51 (2,26,824.05)
9,216.65
 
-
14,224.51 (2,17,607.40)
(295.43)
13,929.08 (2,17,652.46)
Par culars Capital 
Reserve
Capital 
Reserve on 
Amalgama on
Securi es
Premium 
Reserve
Equity 
component 
of Op onally 
conver ble 
debentures
General 
Reserve
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total
Balance as at March 31, 2022 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (9.69) 60,656.35
Total Comprehensive Income for the year (17.88) 4,613.95
Changes due to prior period errors - - - - - - - -
Restated Balance as at April 1, 2022 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (27.57) 65,270.30
Addi ons/ (deduc ons) during the year - - - - - 23.28 (487.04)
Balance as at March 31, 2023 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (4.29) 64,783.26
Total Comprehensive Income for the year (33.72) 9,182.93
Changes due to prior period errors - - - - - - - -
Restated Balance as at March 31, 2024 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 46,447.86 6,856.06 55,851.90 (38.01) 73,966.19
Addi ons/ (deduc ons) during the year (net) 45.06 (45.06) -
Shares allo ed during the year (QIP) (Refer Note 53) - - 38,203.94 - - - - 37,908.51
Balance as at March 31, 2024 5,105.69 1,63,125.58 84,651.80 6,856.06 55,851.90 7.05 1,11,874.70
Proﬁt and Loss 
Account
Foreign
Currency
Fluctua on
Reserve
2342023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 238 =====
Notes to the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
4  Property, plant and equipment
1. Notes :
1.   The  tle deeds, comprising all the immovable proper es of land and buildings which are freehold, are held in the name of the respec ve companies in the group as at the 
balance sheet date. In respect of immovable proper es of land and building that have been taken on lease and disclosed as property, plant  and equipments  in the ﬁnancial 
statements, the lease agreements are in the name of the respec ve companies in the group. In respect of assets given as collateral for loans taken from banks, the  tle deeds 
are in the custody of the respec ve banks.
2.   The Group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use asset) during the year, since the Group has adopted cost model as its accoun ng policy 
to an en re class of Property, Plant and Equipment in accordance with Ind AS 16.
3.    The group has  amor sed its Right to use assets (lease hold buildings)  on straight line method over a period of lease.
4.    The Group has not revalued its intangible asset, since the Group has adopted cost model as its accoun ng policy to an en re class of Intangible Asset in accordance with Ind 
AS 38.
B) Right of 
use assets
 Freehold 
Land
& Site 
Development 
Leasehold 
Land
 Buildings Plant and 
Machinery
 Furniture 
and 
Fittings 
 Vehicles  Ofﬁce 
Equipmen
t 
 Factory 
Equipmen
t 
 Laborator
y 
Equipmen
t 
 Total   Buildings  Internally 
generated 
DMF and 
ANDA 
 Computer 
Software 
Gross Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2022 1,228.12
          
0.61
             
14,393.77
   
99,076.60
       
227.28
      
9.98
           
3.48
           
326.78
      
1,305.07
   
1,16,571.69
    
1,012.91 54.06
Addi ons 1,373.45
          
-
               
3,432.00
     
46.16
               
1.81
           
-
             
2.26
           
-
             
-
             
4,855.68
         
14.21 -
Disposals (417.44)
            
-
               
-
               
(13.75)
              
(16.09)
       
-
             
-
             
-
             
-
             
(447.28)
           
(4.78) -
As at March 31, 2023 2,184.13
          
0.61
             
17,825.77
   
99,109.01
       
213.00
      
9.98
           
5.74
           
326.78
      
1,305.07
   
1,20,980.09
    
- 1,022.34 54.06
Addi ons 379.98
             
-
               
661.73
        
6,376.28
          
152.31
      
156.21
      
92.55
        
-
             
-
             
7,819.06
          
100.36 - 138.57
Disposals -
                    
-
               
-
               
-
                    
(9.95)
         
-
             
(10.09)
 
-
             
-
             
(20.04)
             
- - -
As at March 31, 2023 2,564.11
          
0.61
             
18,487.50
   
1,05,485.29
    
355.36
      
166.19
      
88.20
 
326.78
      
1,305.07
   
1,28,779.11
    
100.36 1,022.34 192.63
Accumulated Deprecia on/ Amor sa on
As at March 31, 2022 -
                    
0.61
             
3,838.20
     
53,052.56
       
169.82
      
3.69
           
3.48
 
145.34
      
1,021.44
   
58,235.14
       
1,012.91 20.33
Charge for the year -
                    
-
               
788.90
        
4,663.58
          
0.50
           
-
             
0.55
 
15.54
        
5.00
           
5,474.07
          
1.46 3.13
Disposals -
                    
-
               
-
               
-
                    
-
             
-
             
-
 
-
             
-
             
-
                   
- -
As at March 31, 2023 -
                    
0.61
             
4,627.10
     
57,716.14
       
170.32
      
3.69
           
4.03
 
160.88
      
1,026.44
   
63,709.21
       
- 1,014.37 23.46
Charge for the year -
                    
-
               
806.16
        
2,337.81
          
3.91
           
8.85
           
11.84
 
7.00
           
3.54
           
3,179.11
          
33.45 2.55 110.51
Disposals - - - - (0.48) - (1.12) - - (1.60) - -
As at March 31, 2024 - 0.61 5,433.26 60,053.95 173.75 12.54 14.75 167.88 1,029.98 66,886.72 33.45 1,016.92 133.97
Net Block
  As at  March 31, 2023 2,184.13 - 13,198.67 41,392.87 42.68 6.29 1.71 165.90 278.63 57,270.88 7.97 30.60
  As at  March 31, 2024 2,564.11 - 13,054.24 45,431.34 181.61 153.65 73.45 158.90 275.09 61,892.39 66.91 5.42 58.66
Particulars A) Tangible Assets C) Intangible assets
235
===== PAGE 239 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
1 Corporate Informa on
 The Consolidated Financial Statements comprise ﬁnancial statements of “Orchid Pharma Limited” (“the Holding Company”) and its 
subsidiaries and associate (collec vely referred to as “the Group”) for the year ended March 31, 2024.
 Orchid Pharma Ltd., is one of the leading pharmaceu cal companies in India head quartered in Chennai and involved in the 
development, manufacture and marke ng of diverse bulk ac ves, formula ons and nutraceu cals with exports spanning over 40 
countries. Orchid’s world class manufacturing infrastructure include USFDA compliant API and Finished Dosage Form facili es at 
Chennai in India. Orchid has dedicated state-of-art and GLP compliant R&D infrastructure for Process research, Drug Discovery and 
Pharmaceu cal research at Chennai, India. Orchid has ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 cer ﬁca ons. Orchid’s Equity shares are listed on 
the Na onal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and the BSE Limited (BSE) in India. 
 According to the Resolu on Plan approved by the Hon'ble Na onal Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) has, by its order dated June 27, 
2019 and the order of the Hon'ble Supreme Court vide its order dated February 28, 2020, Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (DLL), the 
successful Resolu on Applicant, implemented the resolu on plan on March 31, 2020. 
 DLL infused the funds as per the terms of the resolu on plan through a special purpose vehicle, Dhanuka Pharmaceu cals Private 
Limited. The special purpose vehicle was later on merged with the Company as per the terms of the approved resolu on plan. Thus 
the holding company became a subsidiary of M/s Dhanuka Laboratories Limited with eﬀect from March 31, 2020.
       The Group has invested in the following subsidiary companies: 
 a) Orchid Europe Limited, a company formed in the United Kingdom ini ally to market nutraceu cals through mail order/ direct    
marke ng in the United Kingdom and Europe. This subsidiary company has been wound up during the previous  ﬁnancial year.
 b) Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA engaged in Pharmaceu cal research and development.
 c) Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA to provide services in USA. It has a wholly owned subsidiaries “Orgenus Pharma Inc, USA” 
which provides services in USA and “Orchid Pharma Inc./Karalex Pharma, USA” which sells pharmaceu cal products in USA.
 d) Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA ( Proprietary) Limited, South Africa to register and market formula ons in South Africa. This
                subsidiary company has been wound up during this ﬁnancial year.
      e)       Diakron Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA engaged in Pharmaceu cal research and development.
      f)       Orchid Bio- Pharma Limited , Inda for manufacture of the KSM as a backward integra on to the Holding company's ac vi es.
2    Basis of prepara on of ﬁnancial statements
      Statement of compliance
      These ﬁnancial statements are prepared in accordance with Indian Accoun ng Standards (Ind AS) under the historical 
cost conven on on the accrual basis except for certain ﬁnancial instruments which are measured at fair values, the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') (to the extent no ﬁed) and guidelines issued by the Securi es and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The Ind AS are prescribed under Sec on 133 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the 
Companies (Indian Accoun ng Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accoun ng Standards) Amendment 
Rules, 2016, as amended from  me to  me.
       Basis of prepara on and presenta on
The Consolidated Financial Statements comprises of Orchid Pharma Limited and all its subsidiaries, being the en  es 
that it controls. Control is assessed in accordance with the requirement of Ind AS 110 - Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The investment in associate is consolidated using equity methods as per Ind AS 28
2362023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 240 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Principles of Consolida on
a) The ﬁnancial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries are combined on a line by line basis by adding together like 
items of assets, liabili es, equity, incomes, expenses and cash ﬂows, a er fully elimina ng intra-group balances and intra-group 
transac ons.
b) Proﬁts or losses resul ng from intra-group transac ons that are recognised in assets, such as Inventory and Property, Plant and 
Equipment, are eliminated in full.
c) In case of foreign subsidiaries, revenue items are consolidated at the average rate prevailing during the year. All assets and 
liabili es are converted at rates prevailing at the end of the year. Any exchange diﬀerence arising on consolida on is recognised 
in the Foreign Currency Transla on Reserve (FCTR).
d) Goodwill represents the diﬀerence between the Group's share in the net worth of subsidiaries and the cost of acquisi on at 
each point of  me of making the investment in the subsidiaries.
e) The unaudited ﬁnancial statements of foreign subsidiaries have been prepared by the management in accordance with the 
generally accepted accoun ng principles of its country of incorpora on and restated to Ind AS for consolida on purposes.
f) The diﬀerences in accoun ng policies of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries/ associates are not material and there are no 
material transac ons from January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024 in respect of subsidiaries/ having ﬁnancial year ended December 
31, 2023.
g) The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using uniform accoun ng policies for like transac ons and other 
events in similar circumstances.
h) The carrying amount of the parent's investment in each subsidiary is oﬀset (eliminated) against the parent's por on of equity in 
each subsidiary.
(I)   In respect of investments in associate company, the Group has applied equity method for consolida on of its interest in the 
associate.
Use of es mates
The prepara on of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accoun ng Principles (GAAP) requires management 
to make judgments, es mates and assump ons that aﬀect the applica on of accoun ng policies and reported amounts of assets, 
liabili es, income and expenses and the disclosure of con ngent liabili es on the date of the ﬁnancial statements. Actual results 
could diﬀer from those es mates. Es mates and underlying assump ons are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Any revision to 
accoun ng es mates is recognised prospec vely in current and future periods.
Func onal and presenta on currency
These ﬁnancial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is the Group's func onal currency. All ﬁnancial informa on 
presented in INR has been rounded to the nearest Lakhs (up to two decimals). 
The ﬁnancial statements are approved for issue by the Holding Company's Board of Directors on May 23, 2024.
2A Cri cal accoun ng es mates and management judgments
In applica on of the accoun ng policies, which are described in note 3, the management of the Group is required to make 
judgements, es mates and assump ons about the carrying amounts of assets and liabili es that are not readily apparent from 
other sources. The es mates and assump ons are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be 
relevant.
Informa on about signiﬁcant areas of es ma on, uncertainty and cri cal judgements used in applying accoun ng 
policies that have the most signiﬁcant eﬀect on the amounts recognised in the ﬁnancial statements is included in the 
following notes:
237
===== PAGE 241 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) and Intangible Assets
The residual values and es mated useful life of PPEs and Intangible Assets are assessed by the technical team at each 
repor ng date by taking into account the nature of asset, the es mated usage of the asset, the opera ng condi on of 
the asset, past history of replacement and maintenance support. Upon review, the management accepts the assigned 
useful life and residual value for computa on of deprecia on/amor sa on. Also, management judgement is exercised 
for classifying the asset as investment proper es or vice versa.
Current tax
Calcula ons of income taxes for the current period are done based on applicable tax laws and management's judgement 
by evalua ng posi ons taken in tax returns and interpreta ons of relevant provisions of law.
Deferred Tax Assets
Signiﬁcant management judgement is exercised by reviewing the deferred tax assets at each repor ng date to 
determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be retained/ recognised, based upon the likely  ming and the level 
of future taxable proﬁts together with future tax planning strategies.
Fair value
Management uses valua on techniques in measuring the fair value of ﬁnancial instruments where ac ve market quotes 
are not available. In applying the valua on techniques, management makes maximum use of market inputs and uses 
es mates and assump ons that are, as far as possible, consistent with observable data that market par cipants would 
use in pricing the instrument. Where applicable data is not observable, management uses its best es mate about the 
assump ons that market par cipants would make. These es mates may vary from the actual prices that would be 
achieved in an arm's length transac on at the repor ng date.
Impairment of Trade Receivables
The impairment for trade receivables are done based on assump ons about risk of default and expected loss rates. The 
assump ons, selec on of inputs for calcula on of impairment are based on management judgement considering the 
past history, market condi ons and forward looking es mates at the end of each repor ng date.
Impairment of Non-ﬁnancial assets (PPE/ Intangible Assets)
The  impairment  of  non-ﬁnancial  assets  is  determined  based  on  es ma on  of recoverable  amount  of  such  
assets.  The assump ons used  in  compu ng  the recoverable amount are based on management judgement 
considering the  ming of future cash ﬂows, discount rates and the risks speciﬁc to the asset.
Deﬁned Beneﬁt Plans and Other long term employee beneﬁts
The cost of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan and other long term employee beneﬁts, and the present value of such obliga on are 
determined by the independent actuarial valuer. An actuarial valua on involves making various assump ons that may 
diﬀer from actual developments in future. Management believes that the assump ons used by the actuary in 
determina on of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality rates and a ri on rates are reasonable. Due to the 
complexi es involved in the valua on and  its  long term  nature, this  obliga on is  highly sensi ve  to changes  in these 
assump ons. All assump ons are reviewed at each repor ng date.
Fair value measurement of ﬁnancial instruments
When  the  fair  values  of  ﬁnancial  assets  and  ﬁnancial  liabili es  could  not  be measured based on quoted prices in 
ac ve markets, management uses valua on techniques including the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model, to determine 
its fair value  The  inputs  to  these  models  are  taken  from  observable  markets  where possible, but where this is not
2382023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 242 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
feasible, a degree of judgement is exercised in establishing fair values. Judgements include considera ons of inputs such 
as liquidity risk, credit risk and vola lity.
Provisions and con ngencies
The recogni on and measurement of other provisions are based on the assessment of the probability of an ou low of 
resources, and on past experience and circumstances known at the repor ng date. The actual ou low of resources at a 
future date may therefore vary from the ﬁgure es mated at end of each repor ng period.
2B Recent accoun ng pronouncements
Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (“MCA”) no ﬁes new standards or amendments to the exis ng standards under 
Companies (Indian Accoun ng Standards) Rules as issued from  me to  me. For the year ended March 31, 2024, MCA 
has not no ﬁed any new standards or amendments to the exis ng standards applicable to the Group.
3      Material  Accoun ng Policies
The material accoun ng policies applied in the prepara on of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements are set out below. 
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
a)    Current versus non-current classiﬁca on
The Group presents assets and liabili es in the balance sheet based on current/ non-current classiﬁca on.
An asset is treated as current when it is:
I)     Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal opera ng cycle
ii)    Held primarily for the purpose of trading
iii)   Expected to be realised within twelve months a er the repor ng period, or
iv)  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to se le a liability for at least twelve  
months a er the repor ng period
All other assets are classiﬁed as non-current.
A liability is current when:
I)     It is expected to be se led in normal opera ng cycle
ii)    It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
iii)   It is due to be se led within twelve months a er the repor ng period, or
iv)  There is no uncondi onal right to defer the se lement of the liability for at least twelve months a er the 
repor ng period
All other liabili es are classiﬁed as non-current.
Deferred tax assets and liabili es are classiﬁed as non-current assets and liabili es.
The opera ng cycle is the  me between the acquisi on of assets for processing and their realisa on in cash and cash 
equivalents. The Group has iden ﬁed 12 months as its opera ng cycle for the purpose of classiﬁca on of its assets 
and liabili es as current and non-current.
b) Fair value measurement
        The Group has applied the fair value measurement wherever necessitated at each repor ng period.
239
===== PAGE 243 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transac on 
between market par cipants at the measurement date.  The fair value measurement is based on the presump on 
that the transac on to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
I)     In the principal market for the asset or liability;
ii)    In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or liability is measured using the assump ons that market par cipants would use when 
pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market par cipants act in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non - ﬁnancial asset takes into account a market par cipant's ability to generate 
economic beneﬁts by using the asset in its highest and the best use or by selling it to another  market par cipant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valua on techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which suﬃcient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabili es for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole:
Level  1 : Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in ac ve market for iden cal assets or liabili es;
Level 2 : Valua on techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable; and
Level 3 : Valua on techniques for which the lowest level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable.
For assets and liabili es that are recognized in the ﬁnancial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines 
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categoriza on (based on the lowest 
level input that is signiﬁcant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each repor ng period.
The Group has designated the respec ve team leads to determine the policies and procedures for both recurring and 
non - recurring fair value measurement.  External valuers are involved, wherever necessary with the approval of 
Group's board of directors.  Selec on criteria include market knowledge, reputa on, independence and whether 
professional standards are maintained.  
For the purpose of fair value disclosure, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabili es on the basis of 
the nature, characteris cs and risk of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained 
above.  The component wise fair value measurement is disclosed in the relevant notes.
2402023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 244 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
c) Revenue Recogni on
Sale of goods
Revenue is recognised when the Group sa sﬁes a performance obliga on by transferring a promised good or service 
(i.e. an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when the customer obtains control of that asset., which generally 
coincides with the despatch of the goods or as per the inco-terms agreed with the customers.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the considera on received or receivable, taking into account contractually 
deﬁned terms of payment. It comprises of invoice value of goods including excise duty and a er deduc ng discounts, 
volume rebates and applicable taxes on sale. It also excludes value of self-consump on.
Export en tlements
In respect of the exports made by the Group, the related export en tlements from Government authori es are 
recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss when the right to receive the incen ves/ en tlements as per the terms of 
the scheme is established and where there is no signiﬁcant uncertainty regarding the ul mate collec on of the relevant 
export proceeds.
Interest Income
Interest income is recorded using the eﬀec ve interest rate (EIR) method. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the 
es mated future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument or a shorter period, where 
appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the ﬁnancial asset or to the amor sed cost of a ﬁnancial liability. When 
calcula ng the eﬀec ve interest rate, the Group es mates the expected cash ﬂows by considering all the contractual 
terms of the ﬁnancial instrument (for example, prepayment, extension, call and similar op ons) but does not consider 
the expected credit losses.
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognized when the Group's right to receive dividend is established by the repor ng date, which is 
generally when shareholders approve the dividend.
d) Property, plant and equipment and capital work in progress
Presenta on
Property, plant and equipment and capital work in progress are stated at cost, net of accumulated deprecia on and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment and 
borrowing costs of a qualifying asset,  if the recogni on criteria are met. When signiﬁcant parts of plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group depreciates them separately based on their speciﬁc useful lives. All 
other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in proﬁt or loss as incurred.
Advances paid towards the acquisi on of tangible assets outstanding at each balance sheet date, are disclosed as 
capital advances under long term loans and advances and the cost of the tangible assets not ready for their intended 
use before such date, are disclosed as capital work in progress.
Component Cost
All signiﬁcant components have been iden ﬁed and have been accounted separately. The useful life of such component 
are analysed independently and wherever components are having diﬀerent useful life other than plant they are part of, 
useful life of components are considered for calcula on of deprecia on.
241
===== PAGE 245 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the item if 
it is probable that the future economic beneﬁts embodied within the part will ﬂow to the Group and its cost can be 
measured reliably. The costs of repairs and maintenance are recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss as incurred.
Machinery spares/ insurance spares that can be issued only in connec on with an item of ﬁxed assets and their issue is 
expected to be irregular are capitalised. Replacement of such spares is charged to revenue. Other spares are charged as 
revenue expenditure as and when consumed.
Derecogni on
Gains or losses arising from derecogni on of property, plant and equipment are measured as the diﬀerence between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of proﬁt and loss 
when the asset is derecognized.
e) Deprecia on on property, plant and equipment
Deprecia on is the systema c alloca on of the depreciable amount of an asset over its useful life on a straight line 
method. The depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount subs tuted for cost, less 5% being its 
residual value.
Deprecia on is provided on straight line method, over the useful lives speciﬁed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 
2013, except in respect of certain assets, where useful life es mated based on internal assessment and/or independent 
technical evalua on carried out by external valuer, past trends and diﬀers from the useful lives as prescribed under Part 
C of Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013.
Deprecia on for PPE on addi ons is calculated on pro-rata basis from the date of such addi ons. For dele on/ disposals, 
the deprecia on is calculated on pro-rata basis up to the date on which such assets have been discarded/ sold. Addi ons 
to ﬁxed assets, cos ng Rs.5000 each or less are fully depreciated retaining its residual value.
The residual values, useful lives and methods of deprecia on of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each 
ﬁnancial year end and adjusted prospec vely, if appropriate.
Right to use assets (lease hold buildings) is amor sed on straight line method over a period of lease.
f) Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on ini al recogni on at cost. The cost of a separately acquired 
intangible asset comprises (a) its purchase price, including import du es and non-refundable purchase taxes, a er 
deduc ng trade discounts and rebates; and (b) any directly a ributable cost of preparing the asset for its intended use.
Following ini al recogni on, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amor sa on and accumulated 
impairment losses.
Drug Master Files (“DMF”) and Abbreviated New Drug Applica ons (“ANDA”) costs represent expenses incurred on 
development of processes and compliance with regulatory procedures of the US FDA, in ﬁling DMF and ANDA, in respect 
of products for which commercial value has been established by virtue of third party agreements/ arrangements.
Useful life and amor sa on of intangible assets
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either ﬁnite or indeﬁnite. Intangible assets with ﬁnite lives are
2422023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 246 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
amor sed over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indica on that the intangible 
asset may be impaired. The amor sa on period and the amor sa on method for an intangible asset with a ﬁnite useful 
life are reviewed at least at the end of each repor ng period.
The amor sa on expense on intangible assets with ﬁnite lives is recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
Intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives are not amor sed, but are tested for impairment annually.  The assessment 
of indeﬁnite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indeﬁnite life con nues to be supportable. If not, the 
change in useful life from indeﬁnite to ﬁnite is made on a prospec ve basis.
The cost of each DMF/ ANDA (self generated intangible assets) is amor sed to the extent of recovery of developmental 
costs applicable as per terms of the agreement or over a period of 5 years from the date on which the product covered by 
DMF/ ANDA is commercially marketed, which ever is earlier.
Subsequent cost and measurement
Subsequent costs are capitalised only when it increases the future economic beneﬁts embodied in the speciﬁc asset 
to which it relates. All other expenditures, including expenditure on internally-generated intangibles, are recognised 
in the statement of proﬁt and loss as incurred.
Subsequent to ini al recogni on, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated 
amor sa on and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired 
separately.
The amor sa on expense on intangible assets with ﬁnite lives is recognised in the statement of proﬁt and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
g) Inventories
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value.  Cost includes cost of purchase and other costs 
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present loca on and condi on, cost being determined based on weighted 
average method.
In respect of work-in-progress, intermediaries and ﬁnished goods, cost also includes the variable and ﬁxed overhead 
incurred for bringing the inventory to present loca on and condi ons.
Net realisable value is the es mated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less es mated costs of 
comple on and the es mated costs necessary to make the sale.
h) Financial Instruments
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es are recognised when an en ty becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instruments.
Financial assets
Ini al recogni on and measurement
All ﬁnancial assets are recognised ini ally at fair value. However, in the case of ﬁnancial assets not recorded at fair 
value through proﬁt or loss, transac on costs that are a ributable to the acquisi on of the ﬁnancial asset are also
243
===== PAGE 247 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
added to  the cost of the ﬁnancial asset. Purchases or sales of ﬁnancial assets that require delivery of assets within a  me 
frame established by regula on or conven on in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, 
i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement, ﬁnancial assets are classiﬁed on the basis of their contractual cash ﬂow 
characteris cs and the en ty's business model of managing them.
Financial assets are classiﬁed into the following categories:
• Debt instruments at amor sed cost
• Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
• Debt instruments, deriva ves and equity instruments at fair value through proﬁt or loss (FVTPL)
• Equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
Debt instruments at amor sed cost
The Group classiﬁes a debt instrument as at amor sed cost, if both the following condi ons are met:
a) The asset is held within a business model whose objec ve is to hold assets for collec ng contractual cash ﬂows; and
b) Contractual terms of the asset give rise on speciﬁed dates to cash ﬂows that are Solely Payments of Principal and 
Interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
Such ﬁnancial assets are subsequently measured at amor sed cost using the eﬀec ve interest rate (EIR) method. 
Amor sed cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisi on and fees or costs that are an 
integral part of the EIR. The EIR amor sa on is included in ﬁnance income in the proﬁt or loss. The losses arising from 
impairment are recognised in the proﬁt or loss.
Debt instrument at FVTOCI
The Group classiﬁes a debt instrument at FVTOCI, if both of the following criteria are met:
a) The objec ve of the business model is achieved both by collec ng contractual cash ﬂows and selling the ﬁnancial 
assets, and
b) The asset's contractual cash ﬂows represent SPPI.
Debt instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured as at each repor ng date at fair value. Fair 
value movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income (OCI). However, the Group recognizes ﬁnance 
income, impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the proﬁt and loss statement. On 
derecogni on of the asset, cumula ve gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassiﬁed from the equity to 
proﬁt and loss. Interest earned whilst holding FVTOCI debt instrument is reported as interest income using the EIR 
method.
Debt instrument at FVTPL
The Group classiﬁes all debt instruments, which do not meet the criteria for categoriza on as at amor zed cost or as 
FVTOCI, as at FVTPL.
Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the proﬁt 
and loss.
Equity investments
All equity investments in scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for trading 
are classiﬁed as at FVTPL. Where  the Group makes an irrevocable elec on of classifying the equity instruments at 
FVTOCI, it recognises all subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI, without any recycling of the amounts from OCI to 
proﬁt and loss, even on sale of such investments.
2442023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 248 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the 
proﬁt and loss.
Financial assets are measured at FVTPL except for those ﬁnancial assets whose contractual terms give rise to cash ﬂows 
on speciﬁed dates that represents SPPI, are measured as detailed below depending on the business model:
Classiﬁca on
 
Name of the ﬁnancial asset
 Amor sed cost
 
Trade receivables, Loans given to employees  and  others,  
deposits, interest receivable and other advances 
recoverable in cash.  
FVTOCI  Equity investments  in  companies  other than subsidiaries 
and associates if an op on exercised at the  me of ini al 
recogni on.
 
FVTPL
 
Other investments in equity instruments
 
 
Derecogni on
A ﬁnancial asset is primarily derecognised when:
· The rights to receive cash ﬂows from the asset have expired, or
· The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash ﬂows from the asset or has assumed an obliga on to pay the 
received cash ﬂows in full without signiﬁcant delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) 
the Group has transferred substan ally all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor 
retained substan ally all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash ﬂows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through 
arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither 
transferred nor retained substan ally all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the 
Group con nues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's con nuing involvement. In that case, the 
Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis 
that reﬂects the rights and obliga ons that the Group has retained.
Con nuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the 
original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of considera on that the Group could be required to 
repay.
Impairment of ﬁnancial assets
In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Group applies expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recogni on of 
impairment loss on the following ﬁnancial assets and credit risk exposure:
a) Financial assets that are debt instruments, and are measured at amor sed cost e.g., loans, debt securi es, deposits, 
receivables and bank balance.
b) Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured at FVTOCI
c)    Trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another ﬁnancial asset that result from transac ons 
that are within the scope of Ind AS 115 "Revenue from contract with Customers".
245
===== PAGE 249 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
The Group follows 'simpliﬁed approach' for recogni on of impairment loss allowance on:
· Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables; and
· All lease receivables resul ng from transac ons within the scope of Ind AS 116 "Leases"
The applica on of simpliﬁed approach does not require the Group to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment loss allowance based on life me Expected Credit Loss (ECL) at each repor ng date, right from its ini al 
recogni on.
For recogni on of impairment loss on other ﬁnancial assets and risk exposure, the Group determines that whether there 
has been a signiﬁcant increase in the credit risk since ini al recogni on. If credit risk has not increased signiﬁcantly, 12 
months ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has increased signiﬁcantly, life me ECL is used. 
If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves such that there is no longer a signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk since ini al recogni on, then the en ty reverts to recognising impairment loss allowance based on 12-month 
ECL.
Life me ECL are the expected credit losses resul ng from all possible default events over the expected life of a ﬁnancial 
instrument. The 12 months ECL is a por on of the life me ECL which results from default events that are possible within 
12 months a er the repor ng date.
ECL is the diﬀerence between all contractual cash ﬂows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all 
the cash ﬂows that the en ty expects to receive (i.e., all cash shor alls), discounted at the original EIR. When es ma ng 
the cash ﬂows, the Group considers all contractual terms of the ﬁnancial instrument (including prepayment, extension, 
call and similar op ons) over the expected life of the ﬁnancial instrument and Cash ﬂows from the sale of collateral held 
or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
ECL allowance (or reversal) recognized during the period is recognized as income/ expense in the statement of proﬁt and 
loss. This amount is reﬂected under the head 'other expenses' in the proﬁt and loss. The balance sheet presenta on of 
ECL for various ﬁnancial instruments is described below:
• Financial assets measured as at amor sed cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables: ECL is 
presented as an allowance, which reduces the net carrying amount. Un l the asset meets write-oﬀ criteria, the 
Group does not reduce impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.
• Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: Since ﬁnancial assets are already reﬂected at fair value, impairment 
allowance is not further reduced from its value. Rather, ECL amount is presented as 'accumulated impairment 
amount' in the OCI.
•
For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment loss, the Group combines ﬁnancial instruments on the basis of 
shared credit risk characteris cs with the objec ve of facilita ng an analysis that is designed to enable signiﬁcant 
increases in credit risk to be iden ﬁed on a  mely basis.
For impairment purposes, signiﬁcant ﬁnancial assets are tested on individual basis at each repor ng date. Other 
ﬁnancial assets are assessed collec vely in groups that share similar credit risk characteris cs. Accordingly, the 
impairment tes ng is done on the following basis:
2462023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 250 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Financial liabili es
Ini al recogni on and measurement
Financial liabili es are classiﬁed, at ini al recogni on, as ﬁnancial liabili es at FVTPL and as at amor sed cost.
Amor sed cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisi on and fees or costs that are an 
integral part of the EIR. The EIR amor sa on is included as ﬁnance costs in the statement of proﬁt and loss.
All ﬁnancial liabili es are recognised ini ally at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of 
directly a ributable transac on costs.
The Group's ﬁnancial liabili es include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdra s, 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts and deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments.
The measurement of ﬁnancial liabili es depends on their classiﬁca on, as described below:
Financial liabili es at FVTPL
Financial liabili es at FVTPL include ﬁnancial liabili es held for trading and ﬁnancial liabili es designated upon ini al 
recogni on as at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Financial liabili es are classiﬁed as held for trading, if they are incurred 
for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments entered 
into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge rela onships as deﬁned by Ind AS 109. 
Separated embedded deriva ves are also classiﬁed as held for trading unless they are designated as eﬀec ve hedging 
instruments.
Gains or losses on liabili es held for trading are recognised in the proﬁt or loss.
For liabili es designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses a ributable to changes in own credit risk are recognized in OCI. 
These gains/ loss are not subsequently transferred to proﬁt and loss. However, the Group may transfer the cumula ve 
gain or loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the statement of proﬁt or loss. 
The Group has not designated any ﬁnancial liability as at fair value through proﬁt and loss.
Name of the ﬁnancial asset
 
Impairment Tes ng Methodology
Trade Receivables  
Other ﬁnancial assets  
Expected Credit Loss model (ECL) is applied. The ECL over life me of the assets 
are es mated by using a provision  matrix  which  is  based  on  historical  loss 
rates reﬂec ng  current condi ons and forecasts of future economic condi ons 
which are grouped on the basis of similar credit characteris cs such as nature of 
industry,  customer  segment,  past  due  status  and other factors that are 
relevant to es mate the expected cash loss from these assets.
When the credit risk has not increased signiﬁcantly, 12 month ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss. When there is signiﬁcant change in credit risk since 
ini al recogni on, the impairment is measured based on probability of default 
over the life  me. If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument 
improves such that there is no longer a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk since 
ini al recogni on, then the  en ty  reverts  to  recognising  impairment  loss 
allowance based on 12 month ECL.
247
===== PAGE 251 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Loans and borrowings
A er ini al recogni on, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amor sed cost using the 
EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in proﬁt or loss when the liabili es are derecognised as well as through the 
EIR amor sa on process.
Financial guarantee contracts
A ﬁnancial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make speciﬁed payments to reimburse the holder 
for a loss it incurs because a speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt 
instrument.
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are ini ally measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at 
fair value through proﬁt or loss, are subsequently measured at higher of (i) The amount of loss allowance determined in 
accordance with impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 "Financial Instruments" and (ii) The amount ini ally recognised 
less, when appropriate, the cumula ve amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of Ind AS 115 
"Revenue from contract with Customers".
Derecogni on of ﬁnancial liabili es
A ﬁnancial liability is derecognised when the obliga on under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an 
exis ng ﬁnancial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substan ally diﬀerent terms, or the terms of an 
exis ng liability are substan ally modiﬁed, such an exchange or modiﬁca on is treated as the derecogni on of the 
original liability and the recogni on of a new liability. The diﬀerence in the respec ve carrying amounts is recognised in 
the statement of proﬁt or loss.
Reclassiﬁca on of ﬁnancial assets
The Group determines classiﬁca on of ﬁnancial assets and liabili es on ini al recogni on. A er ini al recogni on, no 
reclassiﬁca on is made for ﬁnancial assets which are equity instruments and ﬁnancial liabili es. For ﬁnancial assets 
which are debt instruments, a reclassiﬁca on is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those 
assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group's senior management determines 
change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are signiﬁcant to the Group's opera ons. 
Such changes are evident to external par es. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or 
ceases to perform an ac vity that is signiﬁcant to its opera ons. If the Group reclassiﬁes ﬁnancial assets, it applies the 
reclassiﬁca on prospec vely from the reclassiﬁca on date which is the ﬁrst day of the immediately next repor ng 
period following the change in business model. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses 
(including impairment gains or losses) or interest.
 
The following table shows various reclassiﬁca on and how they are accounted for:
Classiﬁca on
 
Name of the ﬁnancial liability
Amor sed cost  
FVTPL  
Borrowings, Trade payables, Interest accrued, Unclaimed / Disputed dividends, 
Security deposits and other ﬁnancial liabili es not for trading.
Foreign exchange Forward contracts being deriva ve contracts do not qualify 
for hedge accoun ng under Ind AS 109 and other ﬁnancial liabili es held for 
trading.
2482023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 252 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es are oﬀset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet, if there is a 
currently enforceable legal right to oﬀset the recognised amounts and there is an inten on to se le on a net basis, to 
realise the assets and se le the liabili es simultaneously.
I) Foreign currency transac ons and transla ons
Transac ons and balances
Transac ons in foreign currencies are ini ally recorded by the Group at the func onal currency spot rates at the date at 
which the transac on ﬁrst qualiﬁes for recogni on. However, for prac cal reasons, the Group uses an average rate, if the 
average approximates the actual rate at the date of the transac on.
Monetary assets and liabili es denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the func onal currency spot rates of 
exchange at the repor ng date. Exchange diﬀerences arising on se lement or transla on of monetary items are 
recognised in proﬁt or loss.
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange 
rates at the dates of the ini al transac ons. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are 
translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on transla on 
of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the recogni on of the gain or loss on the change in 
fair value of the item (i.e., transla on diﬀerences on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in OCI or proﬁt or 
loss are also recognised in OCI or proﬁt or loss, respec vely).
S.No
 
Original 
classiﬁca on
 
Revised 
classiﬁca on
 
Accoun ng treatment
1
 
Amor sed cost
 
FVTPL
 
      
      
2
 
FVTPL
 
Amor sed Cost
       
      3
 
Amor sed cost
 
FVTOCI
 
      
      
      
4  FVTOCI  Amor sed cost  
      
      
      
      
5  FVTPL  FVTOCI  
      
6
 
FVTOCI
 
FVTPL
 
      
      
Fair value is measured at reclassiﬁca on date. Diﬀerence 
between previous amor zed cost and fair value is 
recognised in P&L.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new gross 
carrying amount. EIR is calculated based on the new gross 
carrying amount.
Fair value is measured at reclassiﬁca on date. Diﬀerence 
between previous amor sed cost and fair value is 
recognised in OCI. No change in EIR due to 
reclassiﬁca on.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new 
amor sed cost carrying amount. However, cumula ve 
gain or loss in OCI is adjusted against fair value. 
Consequently, the asset is measured as if it had always 
been measured at amor sed cost.
Fair value at reclassiﬁca on date becomes its new 
carrying amount. No other adjustment is required.
Assets con nue to be measured at fair value. Cumula ve 
gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassiﬁed to 
P&L at the reclassiﬁca on date.
249
===== PAGE 253 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
The Group enters into forward exchange contract to hedge its risk associated with foreign currency ﬂuctua ons. The 
premium or discount arising at the incep on of a forward exchange contract is amor zed as expense or income over the 
life of the contract. In case of monetary items which are covered by forward exchange contract, the diﬀerence between 
the year end rate and rate on the date of the contract is recognized as exchange diﬀerence. Any proﬁt or loss arising on 
cancella on of a forward exchange contract is recognized as income or expense for that year.
The transla on of ﬁnancial statements of the foreign subsidiaries to the presenta on currency is performed for assets 
and liabili es using the exchange rate in eﬀect at the Balance Sheet date and for revenue, expense and cash-ﬂow items 
using the average exchange rate for the respec ve periods. The gains or losses resul ng from such transla on are 
included in currency transla on reserves under other components of equity. When a subsidiary is disposed oﬀ, in full, 
the relevant amount is transferred to net proﬁt in the Consolidated Statement of Proﬁt and Loss. However when a 
change in the parent's ownership does not result in loss of control of a subsidiary, such changes are recorded through 
equity.
j) Borrowing Costs
Borrowing cost  include  interest  computed using Eﬀec ve  Interest  Rate  method, amor sa on  of  ancillary  costs  
incurred  and  exchange  diﬀerences  arising  from foreign currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an 
adjustment to the interest cost.
Borrowing costs that are directly a ributable to the acquisi on, construc on, produc on of a qualifying asset are 
capitalised as part of the cost of that asset which takes substan al period of  me to get ready for its intended use. The 
Group determines the amount of borrowing cost eligible for capitalisa on by applying capitalisa on rate to the 
expenditure incurred on such cost. The capitalisa on rate is determined based on the weighted average rate of 
borrowing cost applicable to the borrowings of the Group which are outstanding during the period, other than 
borrowings made speciﬁcally towards purchase of the qualifying asset. The amount of borrowing cost that the Group 
capitalises during the period does not exceed the amount of borrowing cost incurred during that period. All other 
borrowings costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
Interest income earned on the temporary investment of speciﬁc borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying 
assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisa on. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the 
statement of proﬁt and loss in the period in which they are incurred.
k) Government grants
Government  grants  are  recognised  at  fair  value  where  there  is  a  reasonable assurance  that  the  grant  will  be  
received  and  all  the  a ached  condi ons  are complied with.
In case of revenue related grant, the income is recognised on a systema c basis over the period for which it is intended to 
compensate an expense and is disclosed under “Other opera ng revenue” or ne ed oﬀ against corresponding expenses 
wherever appropriate. Receivables of such grants are shown under “Other Financial Assets”. Export beneﬁts are 
accounted for in the year of exports based on eligibility and when there is no uncertainty in receiving the same. 
Receivables of such beneﬁts are shown under “Other Financial Assets”.
Government grants related to assets, including non-monetary grants at fair value, shall be presented in the balance 
sheet by se ng up the grant as deferred income. The grant set up as deferred income is recognised in proﬁt or loss on a 
systema c basis over the useful life of the asset.
2502023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 254 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
I) Taxes  
Current income tax
Current income tax assets and liabili es are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the 
taxa on authori es. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substan vely 
enacted, at the repor ng date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.
Current income tax rela ng to items recognised outside proﬁt or loss is recognised outside proﬁt or loss (either in other 
comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correla on to the underlying transac on either 
in OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates posi ons taken in the tax returns with respect to 
situa ons in which applicable tax regula ons are subject to interpreta on and establishes provisions where  
appropriate.
Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives future economic beneﬁts in the form of 
adjustment to future tax liability, is recognised as an asset viz. MAT Credit En tlement, to the extent there is convincing 
evidence that the Group will pay normal Income tax and it is highly probable that future economic beneﬁts associated 
with it will ﬂow to the Group during the speciﬁed  period.  The  Group  reviews  the  “MAT  Credit  En tlement”  at  each 
Balance Sheet date and writes down the carrying amount of the same to the extent there is no longer convincing 
evidence to the eﬀect that the  Group will pay normal Income tax during the speciﬁed period.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary diﬀerences between the tax bases of assets and 
liabili es and their carrying amounts for ﬁnancial repor ng purposes at the repor ng date.
Deferred tax liabili es are recognised for all taxable temporary diﬀerences.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable proﬁt will be available against which the 
deduc ble temporary diﬀerences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be u lised. 
Where there is deferred tax assets arising from carry forward of unused tax losses and unused tax created, they are 
recognised to the extent of deferred tax liability.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each repor ng date and reduced to the extent that it is no 
longer probable that suﬃcient taxable proﬁt will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be u lised. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each repor ng date and are recognised to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable proﬁts will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabili es are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is 
realised or the liability is se led, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substan vely enacted at the 
repor ng date.
Deferred tax rela ng to items recognised outside proﬁt or loss is recognised outside proﬁt or loss (either in other 
comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correla on to the underlying transac on 
either in OCI or directly in equity.
251
===== PAGE 255 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabili es are oﬀset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set oﬀ current tax assets 
against current tax liabili es and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable en ty and the same taxa on authority.
m) Re rement and other employee beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts
A liability is recognised for short-term employee beneﬁt in the period the related service is rendered at the 
undiscounted amount of the beneﬁts expected to be paid in exchange for that service.
Deﬁned contribu on plans
Re rement beneﬁt in the form of provident fund is a deﬁned contribu on scheme. The Group has no obliga on, other 
than the contribu on payable to the provident fund. The Group recognizes contribu on payable to the provident fund 
scheme as an expense, when an employee renders the related service. If the contribu on payable to the scheme for 
service received before the balance sheet date exceeds the contribu on already paid, the deﬁcit payable to the scheme 
is recognized as a liability a er deduc ng the contribu on already paid. If the contribu on already paid exceeds the 
contribu on due for services received before the balance sheet date, then excess is recognized as an asset to the extent 
that the pre-payment will lead to, for example, a reduc on in future payment or a cash refund.
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans
The Group operates a deﬁned beneﬁt gratuity plan in India, which requires contribu ons to be made to a separately 
administered fund. The cost of providing beneﬁts under the deﬁned beneﬁt plan is determined using the projected unit 
credit method.
Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the eﬀect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in 
net interest on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest 
on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability), are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or 
credit to retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassiﬁed to proﬁt 
or loss in subsequent periods.
Compensated absences
The Group has a policy on compensated absences which are both accumula ng and non-accumula ng in nature. The 
expected cost of accumula ng compensated absences is determined by actuarial valua on performed by an 
independent actuary at each balance sheet date using projected unit credit method on the addi onal amount expected 
to be paid / availed as a result of the unused en tlement that has accumulated at the balance sheet date. Expense on 
non-accumula ng compensated absences is recognized in the period in which the absences occur.
Other long term employee beneﬁts
Liabili es recognised in respect of other long-term employee beneﬁts are measured at the present value of the 
es mated future cash ou lows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by the employees up 
to the repor ng date.
n) Leases
The Group has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 Leases to short term leases of all assets that have a 
lease term of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lease payments associated 
with these leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis or any other systema c approach as adopted by 
the en ty.All other Leases are recognized as follows :
2522023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 256 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
a) Ini al measurement
Lease liability is ini ally recognised and measured at an amount equal to the present value of minimum lease 
payments during the lease term that are not yet paid. Right-of-use asset is recognized and measured at cost, 
consis ng of ini al measurement of lease liability plus any lease payments made to the lessor at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incen ves received, ini al es mate of restora on costs and any ini al direct 
costs incurred by the lessee.
b) Subsequent measurement
The lease liability is measured in subsequent periods using the eﬀec ve interest rate method. Right-of-use asset is 
depreciated in accordance with requirements in Ind AS 16, Property, Plant and equipment. The determina on of 
whether an arrangement is (or contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the incep on of the 
lease. The arrangement is, or contains, a lease if fulﬁlment of the arrangement is dependent on  the use of a speciﬁc 
asset or assets and the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset or assets, even if that right  is not explicitly 
speciﬁed in an arrangement.
o) Impairment of non- ﬁnancial assets
The Group assesses, at each repor ng date, whether there is an indica on that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indica on exists, or when annual impairment tes ng for an asset is required, the Group es mates the asset's 
recoverable amount. An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-genera ng unit's (CGU) fair value 
less costs of disposal and its value in use. Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset 
does not generate cash inﬂows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the 
carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is wri en 
down to its recoverable amount.
p) Provisions, con ngent liabili es and con ngent asset
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obliga on (legal or construc ve) as a result of a past event and it 
is probable that an ou low of resources embodying economic beneﬁts will be required to se le the obliga on and a 
reliable es mate can be made of the amount of the obliga on.
Provisions are discounted, if the eﬀect of the  me value of money is signiﬁcant, using pre-tax rates that reﬂects the risks 
speciﬁc to the liability. When discoun ng is used, an increase in the provisions due to the passage of  me is recognised as 
ﬁnance cost. These provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reﬂect the current best 
es mates.
Necessary provision for doub ul debts, claims, etc., are made,  if realisa on of money is doub ul in the judgement of 
the management.
Con ngent liabili es
A con ngent liability is a possible obliga on that arises from past events whose existence will be conﬁrmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group or a present 
obliga on that is not recognized because it is not probable that an ou low of resources will be required to se le the 
obliga on. A con ngent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized 
because it cannot be measured reliably. Con ngent liabili es are disclosed separately.
253
===== PAGE 257 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for  the year ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Show cause no ces issued by various Government authori es are considered for evalua on of con ngent liabili es only 
when converted into demand.
Con ngent assets
Where an inﬂow of economic beneﬁts is probable, the Group discloses a brief descrip on of the nature of the con ngent 
assets at the end of the repor ng period, and, where prac cable, an es mate of their ﬁnancial eﬀect.
Con ngent assets are disclosed but not recognised in the ﬁnancial statements.
q) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term balances with original 
maturity of less than 3 months, highly liquid investments that are readily conver ble into cash, which are subject to 
insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value.
r) Cash Flow Statement
Cash ﬂows are presented using indirect method, whereby proﬁt / (loss) before tax is adjusted for the eﬀects of 
transac ons of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
Bank borrowings are generally considered to be ﬁnancing ac vi es. However, where bank overdra s which are 
repayable on demand form an integral part of an en ty's cash management, bank overdra s are included as a 
component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of Cash ﬂow statement.
s) Non current assets held for sale and disposal groups
The Group classiﬁes a non-current asset (or disposal group) as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered 
principally through a sale transac on rather than through con nuing use. Immediately before the ini al classiﬁca on of 
the asset (or disposal group) as held for sale, the carrying amounts of the asset (or all the assets and liabili es in the 
group) shall be measured in accordance with applicable Ind ASs.
The Group measures a non-current asset (or disposal group) classiﬁed as held for sale at the lower of its carrying amount 
and fair value less costs to sell. The Group does not depreciate (or amor se) a non-current asset while it is classiﬁed as 
held for sale or while it is part of a disposal group classiﬁed as held for sale. Interest and other expenses a ributable to 
the liabili es of a disposal group classiﬁed as held for sale shall con nue to be recognised.
t) Earnings per share
The basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the net proﬁt for the period a ributable to equity shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.  
Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net proﬁt a er tax by the weighted average number of equity shares considered 
for deriving basic EPS and also weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion 
of all dilu ve poten al equity shares. Dilu ve poten al equity shares are deemed converted as of the beginning of the 
period, unless issued at a later date. Dilu ve poten al equity shares are determined independently for each period 
presented. The number of equity shares and poten ally dilu ve equity shares are adjusted for bonus shares, as 
appropriate.
2542023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 258 =====
₹ in lakhs
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
5 Capital Work-in-progress
Property, plant and equipment under development 1,639.39            4,646.34            
1,639.39            4,646.34            
Refer Note 49 (a) for aging schedule of Capital work in progress
5A Intangible Assets under development
Intangible Assets under development 1427.77
1,427.77            -                      
Refer Note 49 (b) for aging schedule of Intangible Assets under development
6 Non-current investments
Non Trade
i. Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted)
25.27                                    13.93 
ii. Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted)
60.00                                    60.00 
420.00
               
                420.00 
416.70
               
                         -   
23.99
                  
                  23.99 
3.83
                    
                     3.83 
iii. Investments in Equity Instruments of Associate (Unquoted) at cost
3,692.60
            
             3,982.38 
4,642.39
            
4,504.13
            Less: Provision for diminu on in value of investments (60.00)
                
(60.00)
                Total non-current investments 4,582.39
            
4,444.13
            
Aggregate value of quoted investments 25.27
                  
13.93
                  Aggregate market value of quoted investments 25.27
                  
13.93
                  Aggregate value of unquoted investments 4,617.12
            
4,490.20
            Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments 60.00
                  
60.00
                  
Refer Note 49 (c) for informa on rela ng to es mated comple on schedule
of Capital work in progress.
* Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement of MSE Financial Services Ltd and SRT
Ascendancy Solu ons Private Ltd with Madras Enterprises Ltd, 2.60 shares of Madras
Enterprises Ltd have been allo ed for every one share held in MSE Financial Services Ltd.
18,600 equity shares (PY : 18,600 no.s) of Rs.10 each in Bank of India Limited, fully paid up
Investments in companies other than subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at FVTOCI
4166924 (PY: Nil) equity shares of Rs.10 each in Dalavaipuram Renewables Private Ltd 
fully paid up 
1,19,568 ( PY: 1,19,568 ) equity shares of Rs.10 each in MSE Financial Services Limited, 
fully paid up *
42,00,000 (PY: 42,00,000 ) equity shares of Rs.10 each in Nellai Renewables Private 
Limited, fully paid up
6,00,000 (PY: 6,00,000) equity shares of Rs. 10 each in Sai Regency Power Corpora on 
Private Limited, fully paid up
8,823 (PY : 8,823 ) equity shares of Rs.1/- each allo ed in Madras Enterprises Private 
Limited *
4,55,00,000 equity shares (PY: 4,55,00,000 nos.) of Rs.10 /- each in Orbion 
Pharmaceu cals private limited fully paid up
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
255
===== PAGE 259 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
7 Other non-current ﬁnancial assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits for electricity and power 504.71               620.05               
Fixed deposits with banks (with original maturity a er 12 month from the repor ng date) 1.58                    -                      
Other Deposits 90.08                  67.43                  
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Others 202.66               202.66               
Less : Provision for expected credit loss (202.66)              (202.66)              
596.37               687.48               
8 Non  Current  tax assets(Net)
Advance income tax (net of provision for tax) 5130.15 5,130.15            
5,130.15            5,130.15            
9 Other non-current assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital Advances 912.93               202.11               
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Advances to suppliers -                      15,333.30          
912.93               15,535.41          
Less: Provision for expected credit loss -                      (15,333.30)        
912.93               202.11               
10 Inventories
Raw Materials 6,601.01            7,588.65            
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 11,486.56          7,745.00            
Tradeed Goods -                      
Finished Goods 7,442.50            6,794.66            
Stores and Spare parts 313.06               133.88               
Chemicals and Consumables 289.89               212.54               
Packing Materials 289.59               399.07               
26,422.61          22,873.80          
Note :The Group has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to promoters,
directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or without
specifying any terms or period of repayment. The loans given to certain par es during the
pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
Note :The Group has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to promoters,
directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or without
specifying any terms or period of repayment. The loans given to certain par es during the
pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for. During current year these Advances has been
adjusted against the provision by the management.
Note: The Group has physically veriﬁed the inventories at reasonable intervals and no
discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory were no ced
during such veriﬁca on.
2562023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 260 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
12 Trade receivables
Trade Receivables considered good - Secured -
                      
-
                      
Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured 19,554.71
          
21,519.38
          
-
                      
-
                      
Trade Receivables credit impaired 4,347.91
            
4,374.42
            
23,902.62
          
25,893.80
          
(4,347.91)
           
(4,374.42)
           
19,554.71
          
21,519.38
          
Refer Note 49 (d) for the ageing schedule of Trade Receivables.
13 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand 4.32                    0.66                    
Balances with banks
In current accounts 355.77               2,259.05            
In ﬁxed deposits (having original maturity of less than 3 months) -                      -                      
360.09               2,259.71            
14 Other Bank Balances
In term deposits with banks (with original maturity within 12 months from the repor ng date) 1.46 401.46
In earmarked accounts
   In term deposits with banks * (with original maturity within 12 months from the repor ng date) 25,909.27
          
-
                      Escrow Accounts 294.86
               
310.55
               Frac onal Shares Payable Bank Account 90.83
                  
90.90
                  26,296.42
          
802.91
               
Note: 
Trade receivables are neither due from directors or other oﬃcers of the Group either
severally or jointly with any other person, nor any trade or other receivables are due from
ﬁrms or private companies respec vely in which any director is a partner, a director or a
member, except to the extent disclosed in Note 47 rela ng to amounts receivable from related  
par es. 
Refer Note 46 for informa on about risk proﬁle of Trade Receivables under Financial Risk
Management.
Trade Receivables which have signiﬁcant risk increase in credit risk
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss
Note: 
* The above deposit represents the unu lized balance (including interst accrued) out of
QIP funds raised during the year by the Holding Company which are earmarked for
u liza on for the purposes speciﬁed In the Oﬀer document. Refer Note 54.
11 Current Investments
Fair valued through proﬁt and loss
Investment in Mutual Funds
-                      -                      -                      -                      
257
===== PAGE 261 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
15 Loans
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Loans to related par es 99.25              99.25            
99.25              99.25            
Less : Allowance for expected credit loss (99.25)             (99.25)           
-                   -                 
16 Other current ﬁnancial assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Interest accrued on deposits 450.48            15.84            
450.48            15.84            
17 Current tax assets
Advance income tax (net of provision for tax) 164.32            95.37            
             164.32              95.37 
18 Other current assets
(Unsecured, considered good)
Advance recoverable in cash or in kind
Advance to suppliers 1,022.41         935.18          
Prepaid expenses 221.81            379.10          
Export Incen ves receivable 30.19              -                 
Balances with Statutory Authori es 4,549.32         1,217.07       
Other deposits 2.65                 2.61               
5,826.38         2,533.96       
(Unsecured, considered doub ul)
Advances to Suppliers 29.05              29.05            
Less : Allowance for expected credit loss (29.05)             (29.05)           
5,826.38         2,533.96       
Note : The Group has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to
promoters, directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or
without specifying any terms or period of repayment. The loans given to other related
par es during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Note :The Group has not granted any loan or advance in the nature of loan to promoters, 
directors, KMPs and other related par es that are repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment. The advances given to certain suppliers 
during the pre-CIRP period have been fully provided for.
19 Capital
Authorised Share Capital
15,00,10,000 (Previous year 15,00,10,000) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each* 15,010.00 15,010.00    
15,010.00      15,010.00    
2582023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 262 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Issued Share Capital
5,07,19,105 (Previous year 4,08,16,400) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each 5,071.91 4,081.64       
5,071.91         4,081.64       
Subscribed and fully paid up share capital
5,07,19,105 (Previous year 4,08,16,400) Equity shares of Rs. 10 each 5,071.91 4,081.64       
fully paip up
5,071.91         4,081.64       
Notes:
(a) Reconcilia on of number of equity shares subscribed
Balance at the beginning of the period (Nos.) 4,08,16,400   4,08,16,400 
Addi ons during the period 99,02,705      -                 
Balance at the end of the period (Nos.) 5,07,19,105   4,08,16,400 
* The authorised share capital of the Company has increased by 10,000 shares of Rs.10
each pursuant to a scheme of amalgama on. However, the same is yet to be updated in
the records of the registrar of companies. The Company is closely following it up for  
regulariza on. 
(b) Shareholders holding more than 5% of the total share capital
Name of the share holders
No of shares % No of shares %
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 3,54,19,957 69.84 3,67,19,957                       89.96
Quant Mutual Fund 34,65,947 6.83 -                       -
(c) Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
Name of 
the share 
holders
% of change
No of shares % age No of shares % age
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (Holding Company) 3,54,19,957 69.84 3,67,19,957 89.96 -20.12
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
(d) Rights, preferences and restric ons in respect of equity shares issued by the Company
 The Group has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each. The equity shares 
of the Group having par value of Rs.10/- rank pari-passu in all respects including vo ng rights 
and en tlement to dividend. The dividend proposed if any, by the Board of Directors, is subject 
to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Mee ng. During the year, the 
Group has not proposed any dividend.
259
===== PAGE 263 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
20 Other Equity
Capital Reserve          5,105.69        5,105.69 
Capital Reserve on Amalgama on     1,63,125.58   1,63,125.58 
Securi es Premium Reserve        84,651.80      46,447.86 
Equity component of Op onally conver ble debentures          6,856.06        6,856.06 
General Reserve        55,851.90      55,851.90 
Foreign Currency Fluctua on Reserve        13,929.08      14,224.51 
Other Comprehensive Income                  7.05               (4.29)
Retained Earnings (2,17,652.46)  (2,26,824.05)
1,11,874.70   64,783.26    a) Capital reserve
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 5,105.69         5,105.69       
b) Capital Reserve on Amalgama on
Balance at the beginning and end of the year     1,63,125.58   1,63,125.58 
c) Securi es Premium Reserve
Balance at the beginning of the year        46,447.86      46,447.86 
Addi ons during the period (net of share issue expenses adjusted of Rs. 805.79 lakhs) 38,203.94                     -   
Balance at the end of the year 84,651.80      46,447.86    
d) Equity component of Op onally conver ble debentures
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 6,856.06         6,856.06       
e) General Reserve
Balance at the beginning and end of the year 55,851.90      55,851.90    
Capital reserve on Amalgama on was created in the earlier years as per 
approved resolu on plan on the amalgama on of the special purpose 
vehicle with the Group. The Group can use this reserve for issuing fully 
paid up Bonus shares.
Securi es Premium was credited when shares are issued at a premium. 
The Group can use this reserve to issue bonus shares, to provide for 
premium on redemp on of shares or debentures, preliminary expenses 
and the commission paid or discount allowed
General Reserve represents the statutory reserve in accordance with 
Companies Act, 2013 wherein a por on of proﬁt is appor oned to 
general reserve. This is a free reserve and the Group can use it for 
declara on of dividends, subject to the condi ons prescribed by the 
Companies Act2013
This represents the equity component accounted as per split accoun ng 
prescribed for compound ﬁnancial instruments under Ind AS 109 
"Financial Instruments". This will be available as free reserves once the 
Group completed the conversion of the debentures into equity.
Capital reserve was created in the earlier years in respect of business 
acquired by the Group. The Group can use this reserve for issuing fully 
paid up Bonus shares.
2602023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 264 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
g) Other Comprehensive Income
Balance at the beginning of the year (4.29)               (9.69)             Addi ons during the year (33.72)             (17.88)           
Deduc ons/Adjustments during the year 45.06              23.28            
Balance at the end of the year 7.05                 (4.29)             
h) Retained Earnings
Balance at the beginning of the year (2,26,824.05)  (2,31,432.60)
   Net Proﬁt /(loss) for the year 9,216.65         4,631.83       
Transfer from Other Comprehensive Income (45.06)             (23.28)           
Balance at the end of the year (2,17,652.46)  (2,26,824.05
21 Long Term Borrowings
Secured *
  From Banks
Rupee Term Loans 22.07              3,205.16       
Foreign Currency term Loans -                   4,959.26       
Unsecured
0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures 12,020.91      10,875.10    
12,042.98      19,039.52    
Less: Current maturi es of long term borrowings (refer Note 25) -                   (4,155.76)     
12,042.98
      
14,883.76
    
Foreign Currency Fluctua on Reserve represents the cumula ve impact 
of transla ng the ﬁnancial statements of foreign subsidiaries. The same 
will be reclassiﬁed to the proﬁt and loss account on disposal of 
investments in those subsidiaries in accordance with Ind AS 21.
Other comprehensive income represents the balance in equity for items 
to be accounted in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). The Group has 
opted to recognise the changes in the fair value of certain investments in 
equity instruments and remeasurement of deﬁned beneﬁt obliga ons in 
OCI. The Group transfers amounts from this reserve to Retained Earnings 
in case of actuarial loss / gain and in case of fair value recogni on of 
equity instrument, the same will be transferred when the respec ve 
equity instruments are derecognised.
Retained Earnings represent the undistributed proﬁts/ accumulated losses 
    of the Group remaining a er transfer to other Reserves. 
Balance at the beginning of the year        14,224.51 14,711.55    
           (295.43) (487.04)         
Balance at the end of the year 13,929.08      14,224.51    
f) Foreign Currency Fluctua on Reserve
Addi ons/ (deduc ons) during the year
(4.29)             (33.72)           
45.06            
(7.05)             
(2,26,824.05)
9,216.65       
(45.06)           
(2,17,652.46
22.07       
-       
12,020.91    
12,042.98    
-     
12,042.98
    
261
===== PAGE 265 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Note : 
Registra on, Modiﬁca on and Sa sfac on of charges rela ng to the year under
review, had been ﬁled with the ROC, within the prescribed  me or within the extended
 me requiring the payment of addi onal fees
Refer Note No. 46 for informa on about risk proﬁle of borrowings under Financial Risk
Management.
* Refer Note 45 for repayment terms and security details
The Group has used the borrowings from banks and ﬁnancial ins tu ons for the
speciﬁc purpose for which it was taken as at the repor ng date.
22 Lease liability - non current
Lease liability 37.00              -                 37.00              -                 
23 Provisions (Non-current)
Provision for Employee Beneﬁts
Gratuity 119.37            1,011.32       
Compensated absences 244.00            248.86          
363.37            1,260.18       
24 Deferred Tax Asset / (Liability) - Net
Deferred Tax Liability
On Property, plant and equipment 11,081.42      8,610.56       
On Others -                   322.62          
11,081.42      8,933.18       
Deferred Tax Asset
On unabsorbed tax deprecia on 11,081.42      8,610.56       
11,081.42      8,610.56       
Net deferred tax asset / (liability) -                   (322.62)         
25 Current liabili es - Borrowings
Secured
Cash Credit Facility / Working Capital Demand Loans and Buyers Credit 1,404.75         14,095.05    
Current maturi es of long term borrowings (refer Note 21) -                   4,155.76       
1,404.75         18,250.81    
* Refer Note 45 for repayment terms and security details
Note:  In view of carry forward tax losses, the recogni on of deferred tax asset has been 
scaled down to the extent of deferred tax liability
Note: Short term Borrowings (other than Current maturi es of Long term borrowings) are secured 
by way of ﬁrst pari passu hypotheca on charge on trade receivables and inventories of the Group, 
present and future. The quarterly returns or statements ﬁled by the Group with the banks or 
ﬁnancial ins tu ons are in agreement with the books of accounts, except in the following cases.
2622023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 266 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Refer Note No. 46 for informa on about risk proﬁle of borrowings under Financial Risk 
The Group has used the borrowings from banks and ﬁnancial ins tu ons for the
speciﬁc purpose for which it was taken as at the repor ng date.
Quarter 
ended
As per ﬁnancials As per returns 
ﬁled with banks
Diﬀerence
June 30, 
2023
20011.71 19297.30               714.41 
Reason
The diﬀerence is mainly due to 
es mated over head rate  
considered while valuing WIP 
and FG given to the bank and 
the  actual over head rate 
ﬁnalised on comple on of 
limited review of the quarterly 
results. Also the bank stock 
statement does not include 
R&D Stock 
(INR 475.55 lacs)
26     Lease liability - Current
Lease liability 33.33 -                 33.33              -                 
27 Trade payables
Dues to Micro enterprises and Small enterprises 866.53            158.44          
Dues to Creditors other than Micro and Small enterprises 22,091.16      17,278.37    
22,957.69      17,436.81    
28 Provisions- Current
Provision for employee beneﬁts
Gratuity              160.73            299.41 
Leave encashment                47.74              49.19 
208.47            348.60          
29 Other current liabili es
Statutory Liabili es 359.06            148.36          
Frac onal Share amount payable to shareholders 90.84              90.91            
Employee payables 748.63            746.09          
Advance and deposits from customers etc., 194.66            167.59          
1,393.19         1,152.95       
* Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises have been determined to the extent such par es
have been iden ﬁed on the basis of informa on collected by the management
represents the principal amount payable to these enterprises. Refer Note 41.
Refer Note 49 (e) for informa on about aging of Trade Payables
Refer Note 46 for informa on about risk proﬁle of trade payables under Financial Risk
Management.
263
===== PAGE 267 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
30 Revenue from opera ons
Sale of Products 81,512.03                   65,561.06                  
Sale of  Services 99.44                           104.52                        
Other Opera ng Revenues
Sale of Other Materials 295.16                         924.26                        Export promo on incen ves 30.19                           -                              81,936.82                   66,589.84                  
31 Other income
Interest income on Bank Deposits etc 1,634.81                     61.80                          Proﬁt on sale  of property, plant and equipment -                               93.55                          Foreign exchange gain (net) 673.46                         520.14                        Proﬁt on sale of investments -                               1.54                            Other non-opera ng income 778.01                         1,266.02                    
3,086.28                     1,943.05                    
32 Cost of materials consumed
Opening inventory of raw materials                       7,588.65                      4,283.13 
Add : Purchases                     51,847.67                    43,915.13 
Less : Closing inventory of raw materials                     (6,601.01)                    (7,588.65)
52,835.31                   40,609.61                  
33 Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, stock in trade and ﬁnished goods
Opening stock
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 7,745.00
                     
6,907.63
                    Traded Goods
Finished Goods 6,794.66
                     
5,484.49
                    
14,539.66
                   
12,392.12
                  Closing stock
Intermediates & Work-in-progress 11,486.56
                   
7,745.00
                    Traded Goods
Finished Goods 7,442.50
                     
6,794.66
                    
18,929.06
                   
14,539.66
                  
Total changes in inventories 4,389.40
                     
2,147.54
                    
34 Employee beneﬁts expense
Salaries and wages 5,891.97
                     
5,449.92
                    Contribu on to provident and other funds 393.63
                         
424.91
                        Staﬀ welfare expenses 678.57
                         
660.21
                        
6,964.17
                  
6,535.04
                 
2642023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 268 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
35 Deprecia on and amor sa on expense
Deprecia on on Property, Plant and Equipment                       3,177.20 5,477.90
                    Amor sa on of Right of use assets                             33.45                                   -   
Amor sa on of Intangible Assets                          113.06 0.78
                            
3,323.71
                  
5,478.68
                 
36 Finance Cost
Interest on Bank Borrowings 222.04
                         
1,527.85
                     Less : Transferred to  Capital work in progress 133.05
                         
69.32
                          Net interest on  bank  borrowings 88.99
                           
1,458.53
                    Interest on Others 1,546.46
                     
1,764.04
                    
1,635.45
                  
3,222.57
                 
37 Other expenses
Power and Fuel 6,292.48                     6,126.21                    Consump on of Stores, Spares & Chemicals 1,392.75                     1,255.53                    
Rent 1.93                             0.35                            
Repairs to buildings 163.78                         134.60                        
Repairs to Machinery 84.06                           83.02                          
Factory maintenance 1,624.58                     1,445.75                    
Insurance 425.40                         395.91                        
Rates & Taxes 156.81                         98.24                          
Research & Development Expenses 709.37 636.21
Adver sement 3.04                             4.06                            
Payment to Auditors [refer note 37 (a)] 32.00                           35.25                          
Cost Audit fee 2.00                             2.00                            
Travelling and Conveyance 110.95                         51.21                          
Directors' remunera on & perquisites 696.89                         236.21                        
Directors' travelling expenses 71.27                           52.05                          
Directors' si ng fees 9.70                             8.00                            
Freight outward 702.99                         698.41                        
Commission on sales 1,598.45                     675.02                        
Business promo on and selling expenses 81.15                           56.14                          
Lease rentals 332.24                         101.25                        
Professional consultancy charges 383.24                         445.49                        
Allowance for expected credit loss (26.51)                          118.83                        
Bank charges 38.11                           67.65                          
Loss on sale/ discard  of property, plant and equipment 18.84                           16.09                          
Advances / Debit balances wri en oﬀ (Net) 46.27                           -                              
Miscellaneous expenses 507.55                         487.41                        
15,459.34
                   
13,230.88
                  
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
265
===== PAGE 269 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
  As at As at
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
38 Taxes on Income
Income tax expense
Income tax expense 10.71 -                              
10.71                           -                              
37 (a) Payment to Auditors *
For statutory audit 14.50
                           
16.50
                          
For issuing limited review reports 7.50
                             
7.50
                            
For tax audit 2.00
                             
2.00
                            
For cer ﬁcate and other services  # 8.00
                             
9.25
                            
Out of pocket expenses -
                               
-
                              
32.00
                        
35.25
                       
* Excludes Payment towards the cer ﬁca on services of QIP of 
Rs. 23.50 lakhs which was adjusted against the share premium account
#  including Rs. 8.25 lakhs paid to earstwhile auditors in the previous year
 ﬁgures
Deferred tax (liabili es)/assets in 
rela on to:
Opening 
balance
Recognised in 
proﬁt or loss
 Recognised 
in OCI 
 Closing balance 
Property, plant, and equipment and 
Intangible Assets (8,610.56)        (2,470.86)        -                 (11,081.42)                  
Unabsorbed tax deprecia on* 8,610.56          2,470.86          -                 11,081.42                   
Other temporary diﬀerences (322.62)            322.62             -                 -                               
(322.62)            322.62             -                 -                               
For the year ended March 31, 2023
Deferred tax (liabili es)/assets in 
rela on to:
Opening 
balance
Recognised in 
proﬁt or loss
 Recognised 
in OCI 
 Closing balance 
Property, plant, and equipment and 
Intangible Assets (8,283.47)        (327.09)            -                 (8,610.56)                    
Unabsorbed tax deprecia on* 8,283.47          327.09             -                 8,610.56                     
Other temporary diﬀerences (322.62)            -                    -                 (322.62)                       
(322.62)            -                    -                 (322.62)                       
For the year ended March 31, 2024
Movement of deferred tax expense
* Since the Group has unabsorbed deprecia on, it has scaled down the recogni on of deferred tax asset to that extent it
matches with the aggregate deferred tax liability arising on account of property, plant and equipment. However, no
deferred tax asset has been created in respect of carry forward business losses in the absence of convincing evidence
that suﬃcient future taxable income will be available for se ng oﬀ the same.
2662023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 270 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
39 Earnings per share
Proﬁt for the year from  con nuing  opera ons a ributable to owners of the 
Group 9,216.65                     5,309.34                    -                               (677.51)                      
9,216.65                     4,631.83                    
4,83,65,183                4,08,16,400               
19.06                           13.01                          
19.06                           13.01                          
-                               (1.67)                           
-                               (1.67)                           
19.06                           11.35                          
19.06                           11.35                          
40
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Power and fuel -                               
Consump on of stores, spares and chemicals 148.35                         
Salaries, wages and bonus 483.69                         
Contribu on to Provident and other funds 24.65                           
Travelling  and conveyance 6.15                             0.27                            
Filing and registra on expenses 0.77                             
Professional consultancy charges 6.75                             
Others 39.01                           
Total 709.37                         
41
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2023
866.53                         158.44                        
-                               -                              
-                               -                              
-                               -                              
-                               15.51                          
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
Expenditure on Research and Development
Par culars Year ended
March 31, 2023
a ributable to the owners of the Group
-  Diluted   ( Rs.)
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued & con nuing opera ons) :
- Basic       ( Rs.)
-  Diluted   ( Rs.)
Earnings per equity share ( For con nuing opera ons):
- Basic       ( Rs.)
-  Diluted   ( Rs.)
Earnings per equity share ( For discon nued opera ons ) :
- Basic       ( Rs.)
Revenue expenditure rela ng to Research and Development charged to
the Statement of Proﬁt or Loss (excluding deprecia on) includes:
-                                  
133.31                           
Par culars
(a) The principal amount remaining unpaid at the end of the year
(b) The delayed payments of principal amount paid beyond the appointed 
date during the year
(c) Interest actually paid under Sec on 16 of MSMED Act
(d) Normal Interest due and payable during the year, as per the agreed 
terms
(e) Total interest accrued during the year and remaining unpaid
402.62                           
18.78                              
63.96                              
0.88                                
*This informa on has been determined to the extent such par es have been iden ﬁed on the
basis of informa on available with the Company.
Disclosures required by the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development (MSMED) Act, 2006 are as under *
16.39                              
636.21                           
Proﬁt for the year from discon nued Opera ons a ributable to the  owners
of the Group
267
===== PAGE 271 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
42  Commitments and con ngent liabili es
Year ended
March 31, 2024
-                               -                              
- GST tax dispute pending before Commissioner Appeals  * -                               -                              
- Electricity Department claim # 80.93                           52.26                          
4,251.46                     3,456.78                    
1,364.65 738.56 
3,096.11                     675.43                        
*
**
#   Tax demand from Electricity board is under dispute and considered as con ngent liability from 01.04.2020 
43 Opera ng Segments
The Group is in the process of discussion  with the Lessor  for the out of court se lement.
The RP has conﬁrmed that a public announcement was caused by the IRP regarding the ini a on of corporate
insolvency resolu on process and submission of claims was called under sec on 15 on August 24, 2017. Pursuant to
such public announcement, the IRP/ RP of the Corporate Debtor has received certain claims from statutory authori es
which was admi ed under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC code) and subsequent
se lement made as per the approved resolu on plan. Accordingly, the Corporate Debtor/ Resolu on Applicant/ SPV will
have no addi onal exposure arising out of the claims towards the Statutory Dues which have not been admi ed and/or
the claims which have been rejected (partly or fully) by the RP and/or because of the re-classiﬁca on in the category of
creditor(s).
Considering the above, all statutory liabili es of the Holding Company of pre-CIRP period is considered as completely
 se led and no liability, whatsoever, including con ngent in nature is exis ng on implementa on of the resolu on plan.
- Other claims **
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts
The Group has taken certain lands on lease for its opera ons in respect of which the lease agreement expired before the
date of commencement of the Corporate Insolvency Resolu on Process. As part of the right to review the exis ng
agreements, the Group has made a detailed assessment of the market rent for the property and the market value of the
property for outright purchase. Since the present rent as per erstwhile lease agreements is signiﬁcantly high
considering the market value of the property itself, the Group is in talks with the lessor for renewal of the lease with
lower rent or for outright purchase of the property as part of the implementa on of the resolu on plan. However, no
ﬁnality is reached on this ma er as of date. 
Pending comple on of the nego a on, the Company has disputed the por on of the lease rent, considered to be
excessive than the market rate, amoun ng to Rs.3,871.68 Lakhs upto March 31, 2024 (FY : 2022-23 Rs. 3,077.00 lacs)in
respect of the aforesaid lease. Based on the legal opinion obtained, the management is of the opinion that no liability will 
arise on comple on of nego a on. 
Unexpired Le er of Credits and Bank Guarantees
Commitments
Year ended
March 31, 2023Par culars
Con ngent Liability
The opera ons of the Group falls under a single primary segment i.e., "Pharmaceu cals" in accordance with Ind AS 108
"Opera ng Segments" and hence no segment repor ng is applicable.
- Income Tax dispute pending before High Court of Chennai*
Es mated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for
2682023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 272 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
                    14,935.94 
                    66,576.09 
81,512.03                   
(b) Non current assets
Year ended
March 31, 2024Par culars
(a) Revenue from external customers
Informa on rela ng to geographical areas
Year ended
March 31, 2023
India                       10,388.91 
Rest of the world                       55,172.15 
The manufacturing facili es of the Group is situated in India and no non-current assets are held outside India
65,561.06                      
44  Opera ng lease arrangements 
 Year ended
March 31, 2024 
332.24                         Lease payments recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss 101.25                           
As Lessee
The Group has entered into opera ng lease arrangements for certain
facili es. The leases are cancellable at the op on of either party to lease
and may be renewed based on mutual agreement of the par es. 
Par culars
 Year ended
March 31, 2023 
269
===== PAGE 273 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
45 Terms and condi ons of borrowings
A) Long term borrowings - Term loans from banks
1) Foreign Currency Term Loan:
As per the terms of the Loan agreement, Interest for the Foreign Currency Term Loan (FCTL) is @ 6 Months SOFR plus 2.00% margin. 
This Loan is repayable in 14 equal quarterly installments star ng from December 2021. However, in July 2023 the Group had prepaid 
and fully se led the said Loan.
2) Rupee Term Loan :
Rupee term loan of Rs.5,000 Lakhs was sanc oned during the ﬁnancial year 2022-23  with the terms of interest @ 8.36% per annum 
linked with 3 months T bill with a tenor of 54 months including  a moratorium of 12 months from ﬁrst disbursement.  The outstanding 
amount of Rs. 3205.16 lakhs has been prepaid in the month of July 2023 out of QIP funds.
The above Loans were  secured by way of :
i) Exclusive charge on the moveable ﬁxed assets of the Company funded out of the Term Loan by way of hypotheca on, both 
present and future
ii) First pari passu charge over
a) all other movable ﬁxed assets of the Company by way of hypotheca on,  both present and future
b) Immovable Fixed Assets by way of mortgage of land/ leasehold rights and all the buildings of the Company at Alathur, both 
present and future
c) all the rights,  tles, interest, beneﬁts, claims & demand whatsoever of the Company as amended, varied or supplemented from 
 me to  me
d) all the  tle, interest, beneﬁts, claims and demands whatsoever of the Company in any le er of credit, guarantee, performance 
bond provided by any party to the Company present or future.
e) intangibles, goodwill, uncalled capital , present and future
iii) The term loans were addi onally secured by personal guarantee given by one of the director of the Company Mr. Manish 
Dhanuka and one of the director of the holding company Mr. Mahendra Kumar Dhanuka
3) Long term borrowings - 0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures
During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company has issued 14,300 0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures (OCD) of 
Rs.1,00,000 each. In case, the OCD holders exercise their op on to convert the same, then the said conversion shall happen only 
on the basis of face value of each of the OCD and no interest shall be payable to the OCD holders. However, if the OCD holders 
opt not to exercise their op on for conversion, then the OCL holders shall be en tled to redemp on premium of atleast 11 % IRR 
on annual basis on the amount of the said OCDs or such higher amount as the Board decides a er considering the market price 
of  shares of the Company; however in any case, redemp on premium shall not exceed beyond 18% IRR on an annual basis. The 
said OCD,  ll the  me it is not converted into equity shares, shall not be listed on any stock exchange in India and are permi ed 
to be transferred only with the permission of the Board of Directors of the Holding Company.  Further there shall be no 
redemp on of OCDs, including payment of interest/ other kind of return of what so ever nature thereon, un l en re 
outstanding of the loan availed from Union Bank of India is paid in full to the lender.
B) Short term borrowings
During the year YES Bank has renewed  Rs.7,500 Lakhs Working Capital credit facility (100% interchangeable) with terms of 3 
months T bill + 3.11%. Spread. During  the year HDFC bank has renewed  Rs.14,900 Lakhs of Working cpaital credit facili es. The 
present rate of interest is 8.25%. to 8.91%  per annum.Both the facili es have been availed by the Holding Company
The cash credit limits and working capital demand loan with the banks are secured by:
i) First Pari pasu charge by way of hypotheca on over the en re current assets, both present and future.
ii) Second pari passu charge on all movable ﬁxed assets by way of hypotheca on, of all movable ﬁxed assets  of the Company, both 
present and future.
2702023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 274 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
iii) Second pari passu charge by way of mortgage of land/ leasehold rights and all the buildings present and future of the Company.
iv) First pari passu charge over all the rights,  tles, interests, beneﬁts, claims and demand whatsoever of the Company and as 
amended, varied or supplemented from  me to  me.  
v) First pari passu charge on all the  tles, interests, beneﬁts, claims and demand whatsoever  of the Company, in any le er of 
credit, guarantee or performance bond provided by any party to OPL, present or future.
vi) First pari passu charge on intangibles, goodwill uncalled capital present and future.
vii) The cash credit limits and working capital demand loan are addi onally secured by personal guarantee given by Managing 
Director of the Holding Company Mr. Manish Dhanuka and one of the director of the ul mate holding company Mr. Mahendra Kumar 
Dhanuka
271
===== PAGE 275 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
46   Financial Instruments
Capital management
The Group manages its capital to ensure that en  es in the Group will be able to con nue as going concern, while 
maximising the return to stakeholders through the op misa on of the debt and equity balance.
The Group determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual opera ng plans and long-term product and 
other strategic investment plans. The funding requirements are met through equity, long-term borrowings and other 
short-term borrowings.
For the purposes of the Group's capital management, capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity 
reserves a ributable to the equity holders.
Gearing Ra o: March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
12,042.98
          
19,039.52
         361.55
               
2,661.17
            11,681.43
          
16,378.35
         
1,16,946.61
      
68,864.90
         9.99% 23.78%
Categories of Financial Instruments March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Financial assets
a. Measured at amor sed cost
Other non-current ﬁnancial assets 596.37               687.48               
Investment in Associates 3,692.60            3,982.38            
Trade receivables 19,554.71          21,519.38         
Cash and cash equivalents 360.09               2,259.71            
Bank balances other than above 26,296.42          802.91               
Other ﬁnancial assets 450.48
               
15.84
                 
b. Mandatorily measured at FVTOCI
Investments 889.79
               
461.75
               
c. Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Investments -
                      
-
                      
 Total 51,840.46
          
29,729.45
         
Financial liabili es
a. Measured at amor sed cost
Borrowings (non-current, excluding current maturi es) 12,042.98
          
14,883.76
         
Borrowings (current) 1,404.75
            
18,250.81
         
Trade payables 22,957.69
          
17,436.81
         
Lease liabili es                   70.33 -
                      
b. Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Nil Nil
 Total 36,475.75
          
50,571.38
         
Net debt
Total equity
Gearing ra o (%)
Debt 
Less: Cash and bank balances
Deriva ve instruments
2722023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 276 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Financial risk management objec ves
The treasury func on provides services to the business, co-ordinates access to domes c and interna onal ﬁnancial markets, 
monitors and manages the ﬁnancial risks rela ng to the opera ons through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by 
degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), 
credit risk and liquidity risk.
The Group seeks to minimise the eﬀects of these risks by using natural hedging ﬁnancial instruments and forward contracts 
to hedge risk exposures. The use of ﬁnancial deriva ves is governed by the Group's policies approved by the board of 
directors, which provide wri en principles on foreign exchange risk, the use of ﬁnancial deriva ves, and the investment of 
excess liquidity. The Group does not enter into or trade ﬁnancial instruments, including deriva ve ﬁnancial instruments, for 
specula ve purposes.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of any loss in future earnings, in realizable fair values or in future cash ﬂows that may result from a 
change in the price of a ﬁnancial instrument. The Group's ac vi es expose it primarily to the ﬁnancial risks of changes in 
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Group ac vely manages its currency and interest rate exposure 
through its ﬁnance division, wherever required, to mi gate the risks from such exposures.
Foreign currency risk management
The Group undertakes transac ons denominated in foreign currencies; consequently, exposures to exchange rate 
ﬂuctua ons arise. The Group ac vely manages its currency rate exposures through a centralised treasury division and uses 
natural hedging principles to mi gate the risks from such exposures.
Disclosure of hedged and unhedged foreign currency exposure
The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabili es at the end of 
the repor ng period are as follows:
As on March 31, 2024
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net liability 
exposure 
on the 
currency
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged 
using 
deriva ves
Net asset 
exposure on 
the currency
USD 59.63               -                          59.63 249.66         -                         249.66              190.03 
EUR 2.05                 -                            2.05 2.39              -                             2.39                  0.34 
Others 2.14                 -                            2.14 -                -                                  -                   (2.14)
In INR 5,114.04
         
-
                
    5,114.04 19,676.74
   
-
              
     19,676.74        14,562.70 
Currency
(All amt in 
Lakhs)
Liabili es Assets Net overall 
exposure on 
the currency - 
net assets / 
(net liabili es)
273
===== PAGE 277 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
As on March 31, 2023
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged using 
deriva ves
Net liability 
exposure 
on the 
currency
Gross 
exposure
Exposure 
hedged 
using 
deriva ves
Net asset 
exposure on 
the currency
USD 143.84
            
-
                
       143.84 269.02
         
-
              
           269.02              125.18 
EUR 1.91
                 
-
                
            1.91 0.97
              
-
              
               0.97                 (0.94)
Others 0.02
                 
-
                
            0.02 -
                
-
              
                    -                   (0.02)
In INR 12,049.05
       
-
                
  12,049.05 22,110.48
   
-
              
     22,110.48        10,061.43 
Currency
Liabili es Assets
Net overall 
exposure on 
the currency - 
net assets / 
(net liabili es)
Foreign currency sensi vity analysis
Movement in the func onal currencies of the various opera ons of the Group against major foreign currencies may impact the Group's 
revenues from its opera ons. Any weakening of the func onal currency may impact the Group's cost of imports and cost of borrowings 
and consequently may increase the cost of ﬁnancing the Group's capital expenditures. The foreign exchange rate sensi vity is calculated 
for each currency by aggrega on of the net foreign exchange rate exposure of a currency and a simultaneous parallel foreign exchange 
rates shi  in the foreign exchange rates of each currency by 2%, which represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible 
change in foreign exchange rates. The sensi vity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and 
adjusts their transla on at the period end for a 2% change in foreign currency rates.
In management's opinion, the sensi vity analysis is unrepresenta ve of the inherent foreign exchange risk because of the exis ng 
exchange earning capacity of the Group on account of its EOU status (Export oriented undertaking) and higher propor on of earnings in 
foreign exchange through exports.
Interest rate risk management
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk because it borrows funds at both ﬁxed and ﬂoa ng interest rates. The risk is managed by the 
Group by maintaining an appropriate mix between ﬁxed and ﬂoa ng rate borrowings. Hedging ac vi es are evaluated regularly to align 
with interest rate views and deﬁned risk appe te, ensuring the most cost-eﬀec ve hedging strategies are applied. Further, in 
appropriate cases, the Group also eﬀects changes in the borrowing arrangements to convert ﬂoa ng interest rates to ﬁxed interest rates.
Interest rate sensi vity analysis
The sensi vity analysis below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-deriva ve instruments at the end of 
the repor ng period. For ﬂoa ng rate liabili es, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of the liability outstanding at the end of 
the repor ng period was outstanding for the whole year. A 25 basis point increase or decrease is used when repor ng interest rate risk 
internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.
If interest rates had been 25 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's proﬁt for the year ended 
March 31, 2024 would decrease/ increase by Rs. 3.57 lakhs (March 31, 2023 : Rs.55.09 lakhs). This is mainly a ributable to the Group's 
exposure to interest rates on its variable rate borrowings.
Credit risk management
Credit risk arises when a customer or counterparty does not meet its obliga ons under a customer contract or ﬁnancial instrument, 
leading to a ﬁnancial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its opera ng ac vi es primarily trade receivables  and from its
2742023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 278 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
ﬁnancing/ inves ng ac vi es, including deposits with banks and foreign exchange transac ons. The Group has no signiﬁcant 
concentra on of credit risk with any counterparty.
Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of ﬁnancial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure is the total of the carrying 
amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, margin money and other ﬁnancial assets excluding 
equity investments.
(a) Trade Receivables
The Group has credit evalua on policy for each customer and based on the evalua on, credit limit of each customer is deﬁned. 
Wherever the Group assesses the credit risk as high, the exposure is backed by either bank guarantee/le er of credit or security 
deposits.
The Group does not have higher concentra on of credit risks to a single customer. As per simpliﬁed approach, the Group makes 
provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix to mi gate the risk of default in payments and 
makes appropriate provision at each repor ng date wherever outstanding is for longer period and involves higher risk.
(b) Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Bank Deposits
Credit Risk on cash and cash equivalents, deposits with the banks/ﬁnancial ins tu ons is generally low as the said deposits have 
been made with the banks/ﬁnancial ins tu ons, who have been assigned high credit ra ng by interna onal and domes c ra ng 
agencies.
Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved banks/ ﬁnancial ins tu ons/ counterparty. Investments primarily 
include bank deposits, etc. These bank deposits and counterpar es have low credit risk. The Group has standard opera ng 
procedures and investment policy for deployment of surplus liquidity, which allows investment in bank deposit and restricts the 
exposure in equity markets.
Oﬀse ng related disclosures
Oﬀse ng of cash and cash equivalents to borrowings as per the bank agreement is available only to the bank in the event of a 
default. Group does not have the right to oﬀset in case of the counter party's bankruptcy, therefore, these disclosures are not 
required.
Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group cannot meet its ﬁnancial obliga ons. The objec ve of liquidity risk management is 
to maintain suﬃcient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. The Group invests its surplus 
funds in bank ﬁxed deposits, which carry minimal mark to market risks. The Group also constantly monitors funding op ons 
available in the debt and capital markets with a view to maintaining ﬁnancial ﬂexibility.
Liquidity tables
The following tables detail the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-deriva ve ﬁnancial liabili es with agreed 
repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash ﬂows of ﬁnancial liabili es based on the earliest 
date on which the Group can be required to pay.
 Due in 1st 
year 
 Due in 2nd 
to 5th year 
 Due a er 
5th year 
 Carrying 
amount 
  22,957.69                    -   -                 22,957.69        
    1,404.75     12,042.98 -                 13,447.73        
Lease 
          33.33             37.00 70.33
                
  24,395.77     12,079.98                     -            36,475.75 
March 31, 2024
Borrowings (including
interest accrued thereon upto the
repor ng date)
Trade payables
275
===== PAGE 279 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Due in 1st 
year
Due in 2nd 
to 5th year
Due a er 5th 
year
Carrying 
amount
  17,436.81                    -   -                 17,436.81        
    5,978.84     14,778.80 12,376.93     33,134.57        
                 -                      -   -
                 
-
                    
  23,415.65     14,778.80      12,376.93          50,571.38 
March 31, 2023
Lease 
Borrowings (including
interest accrued thereon upto the
repor ng date)
Trade payables
 March 31, 2024    March 31, 2023
Nil NilFair value of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabili es that are
not measured at fair value (but fair value disclosures are 
2762023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 280 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
47 Related party disclosure
a) Name of related party and nature of rela onship
Ul mate Holding Company           Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Associate Company     Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 
Key Management Personnel and their rela ves 
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal     Chairman and non execu ve director
Mr. Manish Dhanuka     Managing Director
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka     Whole me Director
Mr. Arjun Dhanuka     Director ( w.e.f  20th October,  2023)
Mr. Mahendra Kumar Dhanuka    Rela ve of Directors
Mr. Sunil Gupta      Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Mr. Kapil Dayya      Company Secretary (w.e.f.  16th December, 2023)
Ms. Marina Peter (w.e.f. 06.09.2022)   Company Secretary (upto  12th December , 2023) 
Enterprises in which the KMPs are                    Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd
having control/ signiﬁcant inﬂuence                                              Synmedic Laboratories
       Dhanuka Agritech Ltd.
       Invest Care Real Estate LLP
       Golden Overseas Private Ltd.
       M D Buildtech Private Ltd.
       Agrihawk Technologies Private Ltd.
       Star Living Infrastructure Advisors LLP
       Dhanuka Chemicals Private Ltd.
       H D Realtors Private Ltd.
       Turbos Advisers LLP
Par culars
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 
31, 2024
March 
31, 2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
Remunera on & Short term beneﬁts* -
                
-
            
-
                   
-
                 
777.66
           
246.69
      Sale of goods 1,620.80
      
817.62
     
17.09
     
5.05
        
33.33
              
107.50
          Purchase of goods 2,583.96
      
2,172.80
  
17,012.94
      
13,406.93
     Purchase of Land and Buildings -
                
2,696.13
  
-
                   
1,971.62
       Lease income 174.42
          
147.15
     
118.76
            
100.19
          Rent deposit paid -
                   
19.10
             Lease rent paid 46.01
              Expenses paid 0.69
              
0.16
          
2.78
                 Share of Proﬁt/ (Loss) of Associate (289.78)
 
(215.35)
  Sale of Undertaking (105.81)
  Loans/Advances received 1,500.00
      
-
            Loans/Advances received repaid 1,500.00
      
-
            
Associate
b) Transac ons with related par es are as follows
Enterprises in which Key 
Management Personnel and 
their Rela ves have 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
 Key Management 
Personnel and their 
Rela ves 
Ul mate Holding 
Company
*Post employment beneﬁt comprising gratuity and compensated absences is not disclosed as these are determined for the Group as a whole.
277
===== PAGE 281 =====
₹ in lakhs
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
c) Balances with related par es are as follows
Par culars
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 
31, 2024
March 
31, 2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
March 31, 
2024
March 31, 
2023
Trade receivables 409.66 39.22        -                   75.62             
Trade payables 632.84 428.39     6,213.56         3,481.99       
Rent deposit 19.10              19.10             
Remunera on payable 313.46           45.96        
Investment in Associate 3692.60 3982.38
0% Op onally Conver ble 
Debentures (including the equity 
component disclosed under 
"Other Equity")
14300.00 14300.00
Associate Enterprises in which Key 
Management Personnel and 
their Rela ves have 
signiﬁcant inﬂuence
 Key Management 
Personnel and their 
Rela ves 
Ul mate Holding 
Company
d) Material related party transac ons are as follows
                      
Remunera on & Short term beneﬁts
Manish Dhanuka
Mridul Dhanuka
Sunil Gupta
Kapil Dayya
Marina Peter
Sale of goods
Synmedic Laboratories
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 
Purchase of goods
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd
Synmedic Laboratories
Purchase of Land and buildings
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Synmedic Laboratories
Rental  deposit paid
Dhanuka Agritech Limited
Lease rentals for Land and buildings 
received
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Synmedic Laboratories
Sale of Undertaking
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 
Nature of transac ons
 Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Year ended 
March 31, 2023 
355.10
               
 118.11              
355.10
               
 118.11              
54.83
                  
 -                     
4.29
                    
 -                     
8.34
                    
 7.30                   
33.33
                  
 107.50              
1,620.80
            
 817.62              
17.09
                  
 5.05                   
2,583.96
            
 2,172.80           
16,990.24
          
 13,406.93        
22.71
                  
 -                     
-
                      
 2,696.13           
-
                      
 1,971.62           
-
                      
 19.10                
174.42
               
 147.15              
118.76
               
 100.19              
- (105.81)             
2782023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 282 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Nature of transac ons  Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 Year ended 
March 31, 2023 
₹ in lakhs
Share of Proﬁt/ (Loss) of Associate
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited (289.78)
               
(215.35)
             Loans and advances received
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 1,500.00             -                     
Loans and advances received repaid
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 1,500.00
             
-
                     
e) Material related party balances are follows
Trade payables
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 632.84
                
428.39
              
Otsuka Chemical (India) Pvt Ltd 6,212.93
             
3,481.99
           
Synmedic Laboratories 0.63
                     
-
                     
Trade receivables
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 409.66
                
39.22
                Synmedic Laboratories -
                       
75.62
                
Rental  deposit paid
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 19.10                   19.10                
Investment in Associate
Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited 3,692.60
             
3,982.38
           
Equity Share Capital
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited 3,542.00
             
3,672.00
           
0% Op onally Conver ble Debentures
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited
Remunera on payable
14,300.00
313.46
           
14,300.00
45.96
        
(including the equity component disclosed under 
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
Name of the related party
279
===== PAGE 283 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
48 Re rement beneﬁt plans
Deﬁned contribu on plans 
Deﬁned beneﬁt plans 
(a) Gratuity
In accordance with Indian law, eligible employees of the Group are en tled to receive beneﬁts in respect of Gratuity fund, a
deﬁned contribu on plan, in which both employees and the Group make monthly contribu ons at a speciﬁed percentage of the
covered employees’ salary. The contribu ons, as speciﬁed under the law, are made to the Provident fund, Gratuity fund,
Superannua on fund as well as Employee State Insurance Fund. 
The total expense recognised in proﬁt or loss of Rs.393.63 Lakhs (for the year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 424.91  Lakhs) represents 
contribu on paid to these plans by the Company at rates speciﬁed in the rules of the plan.
Gratuity is payable as per Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. In terms of the same, gratuity is computed by mul plying last drawn
salary (basic salary including dearness Allowance if any) by completed years of con nuous service with part thereof in excess of
six months and again by 15/26. The Act provides for a ves ng period of 5 years for withdrawal and re rement and a monetary
ceiling on gratuity payable to an employee on separa on, as may be prescribed under the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, from
 me to  me.  However, in cases where an enterprise has more favourable terms in this regard the same has been adopted.
These plans typically expose the Group to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk and salary risk.
Investment risk
Interest risk
Longevity risk
Salary risk
The principal assump ons used for the purposes of the actuarial valua ons were as follows:
Par culars
Discount Rate 
Rate of increase in compensa on 
level
Expected return on plan assets
Mortality Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14)
(Ul mate)
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated by reference to the best
es mate of the mortality of plan par cipants both during and a er their employment. An
increase in the life expectancy of the plan par cipants will increase the plan's liability. 
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated by reference to the
future salaries of plan par cipants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan
par cipants will increase the plan’s liability.
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
7.19% 7.27%
7.00% 7.00%
7.27% 7.04%
Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14)
(Ul mate)
A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be
par ally oﬀset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt investments.
The present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt plan liability is calculated using a discount rate
determined by reference to the market yields on government bonds denominated in Indian
Rupees. If the actual return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deﬁcit.
The es mates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valua on, take account of inﬂa on, seniority, promo on and 
other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
2802023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 284 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
                       97.62                        88.48 
                     111.91                        97.47 
                     (85.12)                      (18.48)
                     124.41                      167.47 
                       45.06                        23.28 
                       45.06                        23.28 
                     169.47                      190.75 
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Present value of deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                  1,757.10                  1,588.19 
Fair value of plan assets                 (1,477.00)                    (277.46)
Net liability/ (asset) arising from deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on                      280.10                  1,310.73 
Funded                      280.10                  1,310.73 
Unfunded                               -                                 -   
                     280.10                  1,310.73 
Amounts recognised in total comprehensive income in respect of
these deﬁned beneﬁt plans are as follows:
Amount recognised under Employee Beneﬁts Expense in the Statement of proﬁt and
Loss:
Current service cost
Net interest expense
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest 
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in proﬁt or loss
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the Year
Remeasurement on the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability comprising:
Actuarial (gains)/losses recognised during the period
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in other 
Components of deﬁned beneﬁt costs recognised in other comprehensive income
i. Current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the 'Employee Beneﬁts Expense' in proﬁt or loss.
ii. The remeasurement of the net deﬁned beneﬁt liability is included in other comprehensive income.
The above provisions are reﬂected under 'Provision for employee beneﬁts - Gratuity' (Non current provisions) [Refer Note 23] and
'Provision for employee beneﬁts - Gratuity' (Current provisions) [Refer Note 28]. 
The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the Group's obliga on in respect
of its deﬁned beneﬁt plans is as follows:
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Opening deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on             1,588.19              1,440.26 
Current service cost                  97.62                    88.48 
Interest cost                111.91                    97.47 
Actuarial (gains)/losses                  56.71                    73.58 
Beneﬁts paid                 (97.33)                (111.60)
Closing deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on             1,757.10              1,588.19 
Movements in the present value of the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on in
the current year were as follows:
281
===== PAGE 285 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
Opening fair value of plan assets                277.46                 316.24 
Contribu ons paid             1,200.10                      4.04 
                 85.12                    18.48 
Beneﬁts paid                 (97.33)                (111.60)
Actuarial gains/(loss)                  11.65                    50.30 
Closing fair value of plan assets             1,477.00                 277.46 
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets in the current year
were as follows:
Return on plan assets 
Sensi vity analysis
(b) Compensated absences
The design en tles the following risk
In view of the fact that the Group for preparing the sensi vity analysis considers the present value of the deﬁned
beneﬁt obliga on which has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the repor ng
period, which is the same as that applied in calcula ng the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on liability recognised in the balance
 sheet 
The leave scheme is a ﬁnal salary deﬁned beneﬁt plan, that provides for a lumpsum payment at the  me of
separa on; based on scheme rules the beneﬁts are calculated on the basis of last drawn salary and the leave
count at the  me of separa on and paid as lumpsum.
Interest rate risk 
Salary inﬂa on risk
Demographic risk
The deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on calculated uses a discount rate based on
government bonds. If bond yields fall, the deﬁned beneﬁt obliga on will  tend to increase 
Higher than expected increases in salary will increase the deﬁned beneﬁt  obliga on 
This is the risk of vola lity of results due to unexpected nature of decrements that include 
mortality a ri on, disability and re rement. The eﬀects of these decrement on the DBO 
depends upon the combina on salary increase, discount rate, and ves ng criteria and 
therefore not very straight forward. It is important not to overstate withdrawal rate because 
the cost of re rement beneﬁt of a short caring employees will be less compared to long service 
employees.
The above provisions are reﬂected under  'Provision for employee beneﬁts - Compensated absences' (Non current provisions) 
[Refer Note 23] and 'Provision for employee beneﬁts - Compensated absences' (Current provisions) [Refer Note 28] 
2822023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 286 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
49 Addi onal regulatory and other informa on as required by the Schedule III to the Companies Act 2013
(a) Ageing Schedule of Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP)  :
As at March 31, 2024
As at March 31, 2023
(b) Ageing Schedule of Intangible assets under development :
As at March 31, 2024
As at March 31, 2023
(c) Comple on Schedule for Capital Work-in-Progress whose comple on is overdue
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 1,602.23     37.16          -             -             1,639.39   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -               -              -             -             -             
1,602.23 37.16 - - 1,639.39
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
                                            
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 3,667.92     242.87       1.57           733.98      4,646.34   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -               -              -             -             -             
3,667.92     242.87       1.57           733.98      4,646.34   
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress 1,427.77     -              -             -             1,427.77   
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -               -              -             -             -             
1,427.77     -              -             -             1,427.77   
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i) Projects in Progress -               -              -             -             -             
(ii) Projects temporarily suspended -               -              -             -             -             
-               -              -             -             -             
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Nil -               -              -             -             -             
-               -              -             
To be completed in Total
283
===== PAGE 287 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
As at March 31, 2023
Par culars
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Nil -               -              -             -             -             
-               -              -             
To be completed in Total
(d) Ageing Schedule of Trade Receivables
As at March 31, 2024
Par culars
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
to 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good 14,690.17 4,226.12  20.75       -            -         -            18,937.04  
Credit impaired -             -            -           -            -         4,705.97  4,705.97    
Disputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good -             -            -           -            -         -            -              
-            -              
Credit impaired -             -            -           -            -         259.61      259.61       
14,690.17 4,226.12  20.75       -            -         4,965.58  23,902.62  
Less: Expected Credit Loss Allowance (4,347.91)   
19,554.71  
Which have signiﬁcant increase in credit 
risk and considered doub ul
Which have signiﬁcant increase in credit 
risk and considered doub ul
TotalOutstanding for following periods from due date of payment
As at March 31, 2023
  
Par culars
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
to 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Undisputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good 15,810.32 5,380.41  -           -            -         -            21,190.73  
-              
0 0 0 0 0 0
Credit impaired -             -            -           -            348.00  4,095.46  4,443.46 
Disputed Trade  Receivables
Considered good -             -            -           -            -         -            - 
- 
-            
Credit impaired -             -            -           -            -         259.61      259.61       
25,893.80  
Less: Expected Credit Loss Allowance (4,374.42)   
21,519.38  
Which have signiﬁcant increase in credit 
risk and considered doub ul
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Which have signiﬁcant increase in credit 
risk and considered doub ul
2842023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 288 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
₹ in lakhs
(e) Ageing Schedule of Trade Payables
  Par culars
Not due Less than 
1 year
1-2 years More than 
3 years
As at March 31, 2024
(i). MSME 770.55      91.58       3.97         0.40          866.53       
(ii) Others 6,310.36   8,650.21  292.99     5,187.39  20,581.88  
(iii). Disputed Dues - MSME -             -            -           -            
(iv). Disputed Dues - Others -             -            -           -            
(v). Unbilled Dues 1,509.28   -            -           -            1,509.28    
8,590.19   8,741.79  296.96     5,187.79  22,957.69  
As at March 31, 2023
(i). MSME 96.91 41.94       1.30         17.15        158.44       
(ii) Others 8,660.25   2,167.71  134.23     5,089.00  16,177.62  
(iii). Disputed Dues - MSME -             -            -           -            -              
(iv). Disputed Dues - Others -             -            -           -            -              
(v). Unbilled Dues 1,035.91   58.70       6.14         -            1,100.75    
9,793.07   2,268.35  141.67     127.57     -         5,106.15  17,436.81  
140.96                       
1.14                            
126.43                       
-                              
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
2-3 years
-                              
-                              
0.03                            
140.93                       
-                              
-                              
-                              
(f)     Proceedings under the Benami Transac ons (Prohibi on) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder
There are no proceedings ini ated or are pending against the Group for holding any benami property under the Benami Transac ons 
(Prohibi on) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder
(g)    Borrowings from banks
The Group is not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or ﬁnancial Ins tu on or other lenders.
(h)    Rela onship with Struck oﬀ Companies
The Group did not have any transac ons with Companies struck oﬀ under Sec on 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or Sec on 560 of 
Companies Act, 1956 considering the informa on available with the Group.
(I)     Compliance with number of layers of companies
The Group is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of sec on 2 of the Act read with Companies 
(Restric on on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
(j)     Scheme of arrangements
There are no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sec ons 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 
during the year.
(k)    Advance or loan or investment to intermediaries and receipt of funds from intermediaries
The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) 
to any other person(s) or en ty(ies), including foreign en  es (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in wri ng or 
otherwise) that the Intermediary shall (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or en  es iden ﬁed in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group (Ul mate Beneﬁciaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the 
Ul mate Beneﬁciaries.
The Group has also not received any fund from any person(s) or en ty(ies), including foreign en  es (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in wri ng or otherwise) that the Group shall (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
en  es iden ﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ul mate Beneﬁciaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ul mate Beneﬁciaries.
285
===== PAGE 289 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
(l)      Undisclosed Income
The Group do not have any transac on which are not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as income 
in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 during any of the years.
(m)    Details of Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency
The Group did not trade or invest in Crypto Currency or virtual currency during the ﬁnancial year. Hence, disclosures rela ng to it are not 
applicable.
2862023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 290 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
50A      Disclosure of interests in subsidiary companies consolidated as per Ind AS 110 'Consolidated Financial Statements”
Name of enterprise *
 Country of 
Incorpora on 
 Propor on of 
ownership 
interest 
 Orchid Europe Limited, UK (Upto  27.09.2022) UK 100.00%
 Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA USA 100.00%
 Orgenus Pharma Inc., USA (Subsidiary of Orchid Pharmaceu cals Inc USA.) USA 100.00%
 Orchid Pharma Inc / Karalex Pharma USA, (Subsidiary of Orchid Pharmaceu cals 
Inc, USA) USA 
100.00%
 Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA (Proprietary) Limited, South Africa (upto 31.01.2024) South Africa 100.00%
 Bexel Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA USA 100.00%
 Diakron Pharmaceu cals Inc., USA ** USA 76.65%
 Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited , India India 100.00%
* All the above companies, except Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited, are not in opera on and the investments are fully provided by the 
   holding company
 ** Since the company is not opera onal and fully provided for, no non-controlling interest has been considered
50B Disclosure of interests in associate company consolidated under equity method as per Ind AS 28 "Investments in
Associates and Joint ventures .
Name of enterprise *
 Place of Business/ 
Country of Incorpora on 
 Propor on of 
ownership 
interest 
 Share in Total 
Comprehensive
Income under 
equity method 
 Orbion Pharmaceu cals Private Limited India 26.00% (289.78)                  
50C Addi onal Informa on, as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
 As % of 
consolidated 
Net Assets 
 Amount  As % of 
consolidated 
Proﬁt / (Loss) 
 Amount  As % of 
consolidated  
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Amount  As % of 
consolidated 
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Amount 
 Orchid Pharmaceu cals 
Inc., USA and its 
subsidiaries 
-4.35% (5,083.88)
          
0.00% -
          
-
                          
-
                                  
0.00% -
                    Orchid Pharmaceu cals SA 
(Proprietary) Limited, South 
Africa 
-
               
-
                     
-
                   
-
          
-
                          
-
                                  
-
                     
-
                   
 Bexel Pharmaceu cals 
Inc., USA -0.13% (148.30)
             
0.00% -
          
-
                          
-
                                  
0.00% -
                   
 Diakron Pharmaceu cals 
Inc., USA -2.74% (3,203.68)
          
0.00% -
          
-
                          
-
                                  
0.00% -
                   
 Orchid Bio-Pharma Limited 
, India 1.28% 1,494.81 0.34% 31.46 - - 0.34% 31.46
 Net Assets i.e. Total
Assets minus
Total Liabili es 
 Share in
Proﬁt or Loss 
 Share in
Other Comprehensive
Income 
 Share in
Total Comprehensive
Income 
287
===== PAGE 291 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
51 Disclosure of Leases
(i) Changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets.
Building Building
Balance as at 1st April, 2022 -
                                
-
                              Addi ons during the year -
                                
-
                              Termina on during the year -
                                
-
                             Deprecia on -                               -                             Balance as at 31st March, 2023 -                                -                              Addi ons during the year 100.36                         -                              Termina on during the year -                                -                             Deprecia on (33.45)                          -                             Balance as at 31st March, 2024 66.91                            -                              
(ii) Movement in Lease Liabili es
Opening Balance -                                -                              
Addi ons during the year 100.36                         -                              
Finance cost accrued during the year 11.04                            -                              
Termina on during the year -                               -                             
Payment of lease liabili es (41.07)                          -                             
Closing Balance 70.33                            -                              
(iii) Break-up of current and non-current lease liabili es.
Non-current lease liabili es 37.00                            -                              
Current lease liabili es 33.33                            -                              
Total 70.33                            -                              
(iv) Contractual maturi es of lease liabili es on undiscounted basis.
Not later than one year 41.07
                            
-
                              
Later than one year but not later than ﬁve years 41.07
                            
-
                              
Later than ﬁve years
Total 82.14
                            
-
                              
Par culars
Par culars Category of Right-of-use asset
Par culars
Par culars
The aggregate deprecia on expense on Right-of-use assets is 
included under deprecia on and amor za on expense in the 
statement of proﬁt and loss. (Refer Note No. 35)
52 Audit trail :
The accoun ng so ware used by the Company, to maintain its Books of account have a feature of recording audit trail (edit
log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year for all transac ons recorded in the so ware. The Company has an 
established process of regularly iden fying shortcomings, if any, and upda ng technological advancements and features including 
audit trail. The shortcomings iden ﬁed during the course of audit are being reviewed and correc ve ac on is being taken wherever 
required.
2882023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 292 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
 As at 
March 31, 2024 
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
Liabili es
Non Current liabili es                               -                                 -   
Financial Liabili es                               -                                 -   
Other Current Liabili es                               -                                 -   
                              -   Total liabili es                               -                                 -   
Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)                               -                                 -   
Intangible Assets                               -                                 -   
Capital Work in Progress                               -                                 -   
Intangible under development                               -                                 -   
Non Current Financial Assets                               -                                 -   
Current Financial Assets                               -                                 -   
Other current assets                               -                                 -   
Total Assets                               -                                 -   
Net Assets/ (Liabili es)                               -                                 -   
(ii) The revenue and expenses in respect of ordinary ac vi es a ributable
to discon nuing opera ons For the year ended For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023Revenue
Revenue from opera ons -                           -                           
Other Income -                           -                           
Other Income ( Excep onal income) -                           (105.81)                   
Total revenue (a) -                           (105.81)                   
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed -                           -                           
Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, stock in trade and ﬁnished goods -                           -                           
Employee beneﬁts expense -                           -                           
Deprecia on and amor za on expense -                           -                           
Other expenses -                           571.70                    
Total expenses (b) -                           571.70                    
proﬁt/ (Loss) before excep onal item and tax  (a-b) = (c) -                           (677.51)                   
Less : Excep onal item -                           -                           
Proﬁt/ (Loss) before tax -                           (677.51)                   
Tax expenses                           
Proﬁt/ (Loss) from discon nuing opera ons -                           (677.51)                   
(i) The carrying value of the total assets and liabili es of discon nued opera ons
53 Discon nuing opera ons
 During the previous year, the Company has completed the sale of Orchid Towers which is previously classiﬁed as disposal group  as 
 per Ind AS 105.  Accordingly the gain  of Rs. 3921.04 lacs has been disclosed in excep onal items in  proﬁt and loss account.
During the year 2021-22 the Group had completed the sale of IKKT Division which was previously classiﬁed as disposal group  as 
per Ind AS 105 "Non Current Assets held for sale and Discon nued opera ons". Further, during the previous year the related 
working capital adjustment as per the Sale Agreement was ﬁnailised and the resultant net ou low amoun ng to Rs.105.81 lakhs  
has been disclosed under discon nuing opera ons .
As required by Ind AS 105, the Group re-presented the disclosures for prior periods presented in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements so that the disclosures relate to 
all opera ons that have been discon nued by the end of the repor ng period for the latest period presented.
289
===== PAGE 293 =====
Notes to the ﬁnancial statements as at and for the period ended March 31, 2024
(All amounts are INR lakhs, except share data and unless otherwise stated)
Amount as stated in 
the       Oﬀer 
Document  (Rs. in 
Lakhs)
Total amount 
u lised  upto March 
31, 2024 (Rs. In 
Lakhs)
Balance amount as 
on March 31, 2024 
kept  in Fixed 
deposits (Rs. In lakhs)
Remarks
9000                             412 8588
14100 14100                                   -   
9982                                 -   9982
6098                             512 5860 #
39180 15024 24430
2) Repayment/prepayment, in full or in 
part, of certain outstanding borrowings 
availed by the Company
3)  Funding capital expenditure 
requirements for se ng up a new block 
at the API Facility of the Company in 
Alathur, Tamil Nadu
4) General corporate purposes
Total
Par culars
1) Investment in OBPL (subsidiary) for 
se ng up Jammu Manufacturing Facility
# As per the QIP oﬀer document the amount allocated for General Corporate Purpose (GCP) was Rs. 6098 Lakhs which was
based on the proposed net proceeds a er issue expenses being Rs. 39180 Lakhs. However, net proceeds transferred to
Monitoring Account was Rs. 39454 Lakhs as against the proposed Net Proceeds of Rs. 39180 Lakhs, therefore the surplus
amount ofRs. 274 Lakhs has been included in the  GCP Balance as on 31st  March, 2024
Notes to the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2024(All amounts are INR lakhs, except 
share data and unless otherwise stated)
54 During the year the Holding Company allo ed  Equity shares of  99,02,705 fully paid up of face value Rs. 10/- each  on 27th June
 2023 by way of  Qualiﬁed Ins tu onal Placement (QIP) whereby proceeds of Rs.39180 Lakhs (Net of Share issue expenses of
 Rs.805.79 lakhs ) was raised. Further,  post receipt of Lis ng Approval and Trading approval dated June 30, 2023,  the newly 
 issued shares were available for trading on Stock Exchanges w.e.f. July 03, 2023.  As on March 31, 2024. the en re net Proceeds
 of Rs.39180 Lakhs was received by the Holding Company under the QIP and the Statement of Net funds raised as per Oﬀer
 document and its u lisa on is furnished below :    
55 During the previous year the Holding Company completed the sale of land and buildings at Orchid Towers, Chennai which was 
 classifed in earlier years as "Non Current asset held for sale".  The resultant proﬁt on sale of the assets amoun ng to Rs. 
 3921.04 Lakhs is treated as an excep onal item in the Statement of proﬁt and loss. 
56  Previous year ﬁgures have been regrouped or rearranged wherever considered necessary.
57  The ﬁnancial statements are approved and adopted by Board of Directors of the Company in their mee ng held on May 23,  
 2024.
Sd/-
Mridul Dhanuka
Whole me director
DIN: 00199441
Sd/-
Kapil Dayya
Company Secretary
As per our report of even date a ached
For Singhi & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registra on No. 302049E
Sd/-
Sudesh Choraria
Partner
Membership No. 204936
Place : Mumbai
Date: May 23,  2024
Sd/-
Manish Dhanuka
Managing Director
DIN: 00238798
Sd/-
Sunil Gupta
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Place : Gurgaon
Date: May 23,  2024
For and on behalf of the board
2902023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 294 =====
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED
Regd. Oﬃce: Plot No. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur,
Chengalpa u, Alathur Industrial Estate, Kanchipuram, 
Tamil Nadu, India. Tel: +91-44-27444471 / 72/73 
 
Website: www.orchidpharma.com
ST
NOTICE OF THE 31  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
st 
No ce is hereby given that the 31 Annual General Mee ng 
(“AGM”) of the Members of Orchid Pharma Limited 
(“Company”) will be held on Wednesday, August 21, 2024 at 
11:30 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following 
businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt:
  a)  The Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial year ended March 31, 2024 
inter-alia, including Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024, the 
Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and Cash Flow Statement for 
the year ended on March 31, 2024 together with the 
Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon;
  b) The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial year ended March 31, 2024 
inter-alia, including Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024, the 
Statement of Proﬁt and Loss and Cash Flow Statement for 
the year ended on March 31, 2024 together with the 
Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon;
2.  To appoint Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) Non- 
Execu ve, Non- Independent Director of the Company, who 
re res by rota on and being eligible, oﬀers himself for re-
appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3.  Appointment of Ms. Shubha Singh (DIN: 06926872) as the 
Independent Director of the Company.
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without 
modiﬁca on(s), the following resolu on as Special Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 149,150, 
152, 160 read with schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended read with 
Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁca on of Directors) Rules, 
2014 (including any statutory modiﬁca on(s) or re-enactment 
thereof for the  me being in force) and Regula on 17, 25 and 
other relevant applicable regula on(s) of the SEBI (Lis ng 
Obliga ons & Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as 
amended, Ms. Shubha Singh (DIN: 06926872) who was 
appointed as an Addi onal Director under the category of 
Independent Director of the Company by the Board of Directors, 
based on the recommenda ons of Nomina on and 
Remunera on Commi ee with eﬀect from May 23, 2024 and 
who holds the said oﬃce as an Addi onal Director pursuant to 
the provisions of Sec on 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 upto 
the date of this Annual General Mee ng and in respect of whom 
a no ce from a Member of the Company has been received u/s 
160 of the Companies Act, 2013, be and is hereby appointed as 
an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to re re by 
rota on, for a period of 5 (Five) Years upto May 22, 2029 (day 
inclusive) (“First Term”).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and hereby authorized to do all such ﬁlings, acts, 
deeds and things and execute all such documents as may be 
necessary and expedient to give eﬀect to this resolu on.”
4. Ra ﬁca on of Remunera on to the Cost Auditor for the 
Financial Year 2024-25
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolu on as 
an Ordinary Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 148 and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) and the relevant Rules made thereunder (including 
any statutory modiﬁca on(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
 me being in force), the remunera on of Mr. J Karthikeyan, Cost 
Accountant (Membership No. 29934, Firm Registra on Number 
M-102695) appointed as the Cost Auditor to conduct the Audit of 
Cost Records of the Company by the Board of Directors based on 
the recommenda on of the Audit Commi ee, for the Financial 
Year ending March 31, 2025, at a remunera on of Rs. 2,50,000/-
(Rupees Two Lakhs and Fi y Thousand Only) excluding 
applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses, if any, be and is 
hereby ra ﬁed and approved.
Email: corporate@orchidpharma.com, cs@orchidpharma.com        
291
===== PAGE 295 =====
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds 
and things and execute all such documents as may be necessary 
and expedient to give eﬀect to this resolu on.”
5.   Approval for con nua on of Directorship of Mr. Ram Gopal 
Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) as Non- Execu ve, Non- 
Independent Director cum Chairman of the Board beyond 
the age of Seventy- Five years
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass, the following Resolu on as 
a Special Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regula on 17(1A) of Securi es and 
Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2015, as amended and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
applicable Rule(s)/ Regula on(s) made thereunder (including any 
amendment(s), statutory modiﬁca on(s) and/or re-enactment 
thereof for the  me being in force), consent of the Members of 
the Company be and is hereby accorded for con nua on of 
Directorship of Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) as Non-
Execu ve Non-Independent Director cum Chairman of the Board 
from the day he a ains the age of 75 years i.e., from July 30, 2024, 
on the same terms and condi ons as approved at the  me of 
Ini al Appointment approved by the Members vide Resolu on 
dated December 30, 2020 i.e. appointed as Non-Execu ve 
Director of the Company liable to re re by rota on with nil 
remunera on.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds 
and things and execute all such documents as may be necessary 
and expedient to give eﬀect to this resolu on.”
6.   Approval for the Re- appointment of Mr. Manish Dhanuka 
(DIN: 00238798) as Managing Director of the Company and 
payment of remunera on to him
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to the following Resolu on as a 
Special Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sec on 152, 196, 
197, 198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act ”) and Companies (Appointment and 
Remunera on of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modiﬁca on(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof) read 
with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable, if any and Regula on 17 of the SEBI (Lis ng 
Obliga ons and Disclosures Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 
read with the Ar cles of Associa ons of the Company and such 
other approvals, permissions and sanc ons, as may be required 
and subject to such condi ons and modiﬁca ons, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by any of the authori es while gran ng 
such approvals, permissions and sanc ons, if any and based on 
the recommenda on of the Nomina on and Remunera on 
Commi ee and consent of Board of Directors, approval of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to re-
appoint Mr. Manish Dhanuka (DIN: 00238798) as the Managing 
Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years i.e. 
from February 28, 2025 to February 27, 2030 (both days 
inclusive), whose oﬃce shall not be liable to determina on for 
re rement of Directors by Rota on, at such remunera on and on 
such terms and condi ons as set out below with the authority to 
the Board of Directors to alter and vary the terms and condi ons 
of the said re-appointment within the above men oned scale of 
remunera on .
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Regula on 17(6)(e) of the 
SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regula ons, 2015 read with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (including any amendment, modiﬁca on or 
re-enactment thereof), the rules, regula ons, direc ons, and 
no ﬁca ons issued / framed thereunder read with the Ar cles of 
Associa on of the Company and based on the recommenda on 
of Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee and consent of 
Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the members of 
the Company be and is hereby accorded to pay remunera on to 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director of the Company, during 
his period of aforesaid re-appointment on such terms and 
condi ons as approved by the Board of Directors from  me to 
 me, notwithstanding (i) the annual remunera on payable to 
him exceeds Rs. 5 crore or 2.5% of the net proﬁts of the Company, 
whichever is higher; or (ii) the aggregate annual remunera on 
payable to all execu ve directors of the Company exceeds 5% of 
the net proﬁts of the Company.”
Terms and Condi ons of Appointment 
1.   Period of Appointment: Re-appointed as Managing Director 
for a period beginning from February 28, 2025 to February 27, 
2030.
2. Details of Remunera on:-
A. Salary: Rs. 12,50,000/- (Rupees Twelve Lakhs Fi y Thousand 
only) per month with an increment by 10% of ﬁxed salary 
every year.
B.  Commission: Commission at 2% of Cash proﬁt of the Company 
for each ﬁnancial year.
C.  Perquisites and Allowances: In addi on to the Salary, Mr. 
Manish Dhanuka shall be en tled to the following perquisites 
and allowances.
I.    Furnished accommoda on or House Rent Allowance (HRA) in 
lieu thereof and house maintenance allowance (Gas, 
Electricity, Water, Repairs, Security, etc.) thereof.
II.  One Company maintained Car with reimbursement of Driver's 
salary.
III. Reimbursement of Medical Expenses/ Medical Insurance 
Premium incurred for self and his family.
IV.  Leave Travel Concession - For self and his family once in a year  
incurred in accordance with the Rules of the Company.
V.    Personal Accident Insurance premium.
VI. Ex-gra a, Bonus & Incen ve - In accordance with the Rules 
and discre on of the Trustees of the Fund/Board of Directors.
VII. Any other perquisite or allowance as may be agreed to by the
2922023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 296 =====
Board of Directors and the Managing Director.
The Salary, Commission, Perquisites & Allowances all put 
together as men oned in A, B and C above is subject to the overall 
limits prescribed under the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
D.   Other Beneﬁts:-
Apart from “A”, “B” and “C” above, Mr. Manish Dhanuka, 
Managing Director would be en tled for the following beneﬁts as 
per the rules and regula ons of the company, which would not be 
considered for compu ng the overall limits under the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.
I.     Company's contribu on to Provident Fund, Super- annua on 
Fund or Annuity Fund as per the Rules and Regula ons of the 
Company.
II.    Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month's salary 
for each completed year of service.
III. Reimbursement of Medical Expenses/Medical Insurance  
Premium incurred for self and his Family.
Note I. For the purpose of calcula ng the overall limits under the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013, perquisites shall be evaluated 
as per Income-tax Rules, 1962, wherever applicable. In the 
absence of such rules, perquisites shall be evaluated at actual 
cost.
Note II. For the purposes of perquisites, “family” means spouse, 
dependent children and dependent parents of Mr. Manish 
Dhanuka.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the direc on, control and 
superintendence of the Board of Directors and service rules of 
the Company, Mr. Manish Dhanuka shall be responsible for the 
overall management of the aﬀairs of the Company and shall 
perform such du es and exercise such powers as are entrusted to 
or conferred upon him by the Board, in the best interests of the
Company and all other terms and condi ons of his re- 
appointment remains the same in accordance with his original 
appointment dated March 31, 2020.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company 
be and is hereby authorized to do all such act, deeds and things to 
execute all such documents, instruments and wri ngs as may be 
required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Commi ee of Director(s) to give eﬀect to the aforesaid 
resolu on.”
7.  Approval for the Re-appointment of Mr. Mridul Dhanuka 
(DIN: 00199441) as Whole- me Director of the Company 
and payment of remunera on to him
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolu on as 
a Special Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sec on 152, 196, 
197, 198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act ”) and Companies (Appointment and 
Remunera on of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modiﬁca on(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof) read 
with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable, if any and Regula on 17 of the SEBI (Lis ng 
Obliga ons and Disclosures Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 
read with the Ar cles of Associa ons of the Company and such 
other approvals, permissions and sanc ons, as may be required 
and subject to such condi ons and modiﬁca ons, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by any of the authori es while gran ng 
such approvals, permissions and sanc ons, if any and based on 
the recommenda on of the Nomina on and Remunera on 
Commi ee and consent of Board of Directors, approval of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to re-
appoint Mr. Mridul Dhanuka (DIN: 00199441) as the Whole Time 
Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (ﬁve) years i.e. 
from February 28, 2025 to February 27, 2030 (both days 
inclusive), whose oﬃce shall be liable to determina on for 
re rement of Directors by Rota on, at such remunera on and on 
such terms and condi ons as set out below with the authority to 
the Board of Directors to alter and vary the terms and condi ons 
of the said re-appointment within the above men oned scale of 
remunera on.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Regula on 17(6)(e) of the 
SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regula ons, 2015 read with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (including any amendment, modiﬁca on or 
re-enactment thereof), the rules, regula ons, direc ons, and 
no ﬁca ons issued / framed thereunder read with the Ar cles of 
Associa on of the Company and based on the recommenda on 
of Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee and consent of 
Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the members of 
the Company be and is hereby accorded to pay remunera on to 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director of the Company, 
during his period of aforesaid re-appointment on such terms and 
condi ons as approved by the Board of Directors from  me to 
 me, notwithstanding (i) the annual remunera on payable to 
him exceeds Rs. 5 crore or 2.5% of the net proﬁts of the Company, 
whichever is higher; or (ii) the aggregate annual remunera on 
payable to all execu ve directors of the Company exceeds 5% of 
the net proﬁts of the Company.”
Terms and Condi ons of Appointment 
1.  Period of Appointment: Re-appointed as Whole Time Director 
for a period beginning from February 28, 2025 to February 27, 
2030.
2.   Details of Remunera on:-
A.  Salary: Rs. 12,50,000/- (Rupees Twelve Lakhs Fi y Thousand 
only) per month with an increment by 10% of ﬁxed salary 
every year.
B.  Commission: Commission at 2% of Cash proﬁt of the Company 
for each ﬁnancial year.
C. Perquisites and Allowances: In addi on to the Salary, Mr. 
Mridul Dhanuka shall be en tled to the following perquisites 
and allowances.
293
===== PAGE 297 =====
I.     Furnished accommoda on or House Rent Allowance (HRA) in 
lieu thereof and house maintenance allowance (Gas, 
Electricity, Water, Repairs, Security, etc.) thereof.
II.   One Company maintained Car with reimbursement of 
Driver's salary.
III.  Reimbursement of Medical Expenses/ Medical Insurance 
Premium incurred for self and his family.
IV.   Leave Travel Concession - For self and his family once in a year 
incurred in accordance with the Rules of the Company.
V.    Personal Accident Insurance premium.
VI.  Ex-gra a, Bonus & Incen ve - In accordance with the Rules 
and discre on of the Trustees of the Fund/Board of 
Directors.
VII.  Any other perquisite or allowance as may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors and the Whole Time Director.
    The Salary, Commission, Perquisites & Allowances all put 
together as men oned in A, B and C above is subject to the 
overall limits prescribed under the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013.
D.   Other Beneﬁts:-
Apart from “A”, “B” and “C” above, Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole 
Time Director would be en tled for the following beneﬁts as per 
the rules and regula ons of the company, which would not be 
considered for compu ng the overall limits under the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.
I.     Company's contribu on to Provident Fund, Super- annua on 
Fund or Annuity Fund as per the Rules and Regula ons of the 
Company.
II.    Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month's salary 
for each completed year of service.
III. Reimbursement of Medical Expenses/Medical Insurance 
Premium incurred for self and his Family.
Note I. For the purpose of calcula ng the overall limits under the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013, perquisites shall be evaluated 
as per Income-tax Rules, 1962, wherever applicable. In the 
absence of such rules, perquisites shall be evaluated at actual 
cost.
Note II. For the purposes of perquisites, “family” means spouse, 
dependent children and dependent parents of Mr. Mridul 
Dhanuka.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the direc on, control and 
superintendence of the Board of Directors and service rules of 
the Company, Mr. Mridul Dhanuka shall be responsible for the 
overall management of the aﬀairs of the Company as Whole Time 
Director and shall perform such du es and exercise such powers 
as are entrusted to or conferred upon him by the Board, in the 
best interests of the Company and all other terms and condi ons 
of his re- appointment remains the same in accordance with his 
original appointment dated March 31, 2020.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company 
be and is hereby authorized to do all such act, deeds and things to 
execute all such documents, instruments and wri ngs as may be 
required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Commi ee of Director(s) to give eﬀect to the aforesaid 
resolu on.” 
8. Approval for Material Related Party Transac ons with M/s. 
Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolu on as 
an Ordinary Resolu on:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sec on 188 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the 
applicable Rules made there under (including any statutory 
modiﬁca on(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the  me being in 
force), Regula on 23 and other applicable provisions of the 
Securi es Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015(“Lis ng 
Regula ons”) as amended from  me to  me, the Company's 
policy on “Materiality of Related Party Transac ons and also on 
dealing with Related Party Transac ons”, all other applicable laws 
and regula ons, as amended, supplemented or re-enacted from 
 me to  me, subject to such other approvals, consents, 
permissions and sanc ons of other authori es as may be 
necessary and pursuant to the recommenda on and approval of 
the Audit Commi ee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board of Directors ('the Board', which term shall 
include any Commi ee) of the Company to enter into Material 
related party transac ons in the nature of Purchase of raw 
materials from M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited 
being 'Related Party' under Sec on 2(76) of the Act and 
Regula on 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Lis ng Regula ons based on the 
expected value of the transac ons upto Rs. 250,00,00,000 
(Rupees Two Hundred Fi y Crores Only) for the Financial year 
2024-25, which is expected to  exceed 10% of the Annual 
Consolidated Turnover as per the last audited Financial 
Statements of the Company, provided that the  said transac ons 
to be entered into / carried out are in the Ordinary course of 
business and are on arm's length basis on such terms and 
condi ons as may be considered appropriate by the Board of 
Directors and as may be agreed between the Company and M/s. 
Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited more par cularly 
enumerated in the Explanatory statement annexed to this 
No ce.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereina er 
referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include 
any Commi ee thereof) of the Company be and are hereby 
authorized to perform and execute all such deeds, ma ers and 
things including delega on of authority as may be deemed 
necessary or expedient to give eﬀect to this resolu on and for the 
ma ers connected there with or incidental thereto”.
2942023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 298 =====
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Orchid Pharma Limited
          Sd/-
  Kapil Dayya
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
NOTES:
1.   In view of the massive outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
social distancing is a norm to be followed and pursuant to 
Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs' General Circulars No. 14/2020 
dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 20/2020 
dated 5th May, 2020, 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022 and 
10/2023 dated September 25, 2023 (collec vely referred to 
as “MCA Circulars”) and any updates thereto issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (“MCA”) read with Circular 
number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/ CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 
2 0 2 0  a n d  C i r c u l a r  n u m b e r        
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated January 15, 
2021, SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated January 5, 
2023  and SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-POD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated 
October 07, 2023 issued by the Securi es and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI”) (hereina er collec vely referred to as 
“the Circulars”), companies are permi ed to conduct the 
Annual General Mee ng through Video Conferencing / 
Other Audio Visual Means (“VC” / “OAVM”) without the 
physical presence of members at a common venue. Hence, in 
accordance with the Circulars, provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”), and SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 (“Lis ng 
Regula ons”), the Annual General Mee ng (“AGM”) of the 
members of the Company, for the ﬁnancial year ended on 
March 31, 2024, is being held through VC /OAVM facility on 
Wednesday, August 21, 2024 at 11:30 A.M. (IST). Hence, the 
Members can a end and par cipate in the AGM through VC 
/ OAVM only. In accordance with the Secretarial Standard-2 
on General Mee ng issued by the Ins tute of Company 
Secretaries of India (ICSI) read with guidance/ clariﬁca on 
dated April, 15, 2020 issued by ICSI, the proceedings of the 
AGM shall be deemed to be conducted at the Registered 
Oﬃce of the Company which shall be the deemed venue of 
the AGM. The detailed procedure for par cipa ng in the 
mee ng through VC / OAVM is appended herewith and also 
available at the Company's website
        h p://www.orchidpharma.com/
2.   Since this AGM is being held through VC / OAVM, physical 
a endance of Members has been dispensed with. 
Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the 
Members will not be available for the AGM and hence the 
Proxy Form and A endance Slip are not annexed to this 
No ce. 
3.     Pursuant to Sec on 112 and 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Representa ves of Members such as the President of India or 
Governor of a State or a Body Corporates can a end the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and par cipate thereat and cast their 
votes through e-vo ng. Corporate members intending to 
a end/vote at AGM through VC/ OAVM by their respec ve 
authorized representa ve(s) pursuant to sec on 113 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are requested to send their Cer ﬁed 
True Copy of the resolu ons/ Power of A orney to the 
Scru nizer by e-mail to with a copy info@pmkadvisors.com 
marked to Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) at 
r t a @ a b h i p r a . c o m  a n d  t o  t h e  C o m p a n y  a t 
cs@orchidpharma.com authorizing their representa ves to 
a end and vote on their behalf at the Annual General 
Mee ng of the Company.
4.   The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Sec on 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, Secretarial Standards- 2 on General 
Mee ngs and SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 se ng out material facts in 
respect of the Item Nos. 3 to 8 of the No ce to be transacted 
at the Annual General Mee ng is annexed and forms part of 
this No ce. 
5.  Further, the relevant details with respect to Item No.2 
pursuant to Regula on 36(3) of the SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 (“SEBI 
Lis ng Regula ons”) and Secretarial Standard-2 on General 
Mee ngs issued by the Ins tute of Company Secretaries of 
India, in respect of Director seeking reappointment at this 
AGM under re rement by rota on are also annexed. 
6.    The Company has appointed Na onal Securi es Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”) to provide facility for vo ng through 
remote e-Vo ng or through e-vo ng at the AGM, for 
st 
par cipa on in the 31 AGM through VC/OAVM Facility.  The 
procedure for par cipa ng in the mee ng through VC/ 
OAVM is explained in these notes and is also available on the 
website of the Company at h p://www.orchidpharma.com/
7.   Members are requested to in mate changes, if any, pertaining 
to their name, postal address, e-mail address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number 
(PAN), mandates, nomina ons, power of a orney, bank 
details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc.
   For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository 
Par cipants (DPs) in the prescribed Form in Annexure- A 
pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-
1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024.
      For shares held in physical form: to the Company's Registrar 
and Transfer Agent in prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms 
pursuant to SEBI Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/MIRSD_ 
RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated November 3, 2021 and 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated March 
16, 2023.
       Members are requested to address all correspondence to the 
Company's Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) viz., 
M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited, Abhipra Complex, A-387, 
Dilkhush Industrial Area, GT Karnal Road, Azadpur, New 
Delhi, 110033, India, electronic communica on at 
rta@abhipra.com or to the Company at
        cs@orchidpharma.com
Date: July 19, 2024
Place: Gurugram
295
===== PAGE 299 =====
8.  The copy of Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel (KMP) and their shareholding, maintained under 
Sec on 170 of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or 
Arrangements in which the directors are interested, 
maintained under Sec on 189 of the Act, will be available 
electronically for inspec on by the members during the 
AGM. All documents referred to in the No ce will also be 
available for electronic inspec on without any fee from the 
date of circula on of this No ce up to the date of AGM, i.e. 
August 21, 2024. 
9.  Members holding shares in physical form can avail the 
nomina on facility by ﬁling Form SH-13, as prescribed under 
Sec on 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made 
thereunder, with the Company's Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent (RTA). Members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to convert their holdings to 
dematerialized form to eliminate all risks associated with 
physical shares, Members can contact the Depository 
Par cipants (DPs) for assistance in this regard.  
10.  In case of joint holders a ending the AGM, the Member 
whose name appears as the ﬁrst holder in the order of 
names as per the Register of Members of the Company will 
be en tled to vote at the AGM.
11.  Pursuant to Sec ons 101 and 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Rule 18(1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administra on) Rules, 2014, the No ce calling the 31st AGM 
along with the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2023-24 
is being sent through electronic mode to all the Members 
who have registered their e-mail ID's with the 
Company/Depository Par cipants for communica on 
purposes.
st
12.  In line with the MCA circulars, the No ce convening 31  AGM 
and explanatory statement ('the No ce') and the Annual 
Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2023-24 is 
a v a i l a b l e  o n  t h e  C o m p a n y ' s  w e b s i t e  o n
 .    h p://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_Annualreports.html
The No ce and Annual Report of the Company is also hosted 
on the website of stock exchanges where the shares of the 
C o m p a n y  a r e  l i s t e d  i . e .  B S E  L i m i t e d
 and Na onal Stock Exchange of      h ps://www.bseindia.com/
India Limited and also on the h ps://www.nseindia.com/
website of Na onal Securi es Depository Limited (“NSDL”) 
(agency for providing the VC/ OAVM facility/Remote e-
Vo ng and e-vo ng system during the AGM) i.e., 
h ps://www.evo ng.nsdl.com/. For any communica on, 
the shareholders may also send  request to the following 
mail id: cs@orchidpharma.com
13. A endance of the members a ending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Sec on 103 of the Act.
14.   Facility of joining the AGM through VC/ OAVM shall be open 
at least Fi een (15) minutes before the  me scheduled to 
start the AGM and will be kept open  ll the expiry of Fi een 
(15) minutes a er such scheduled  me of commencement 
of mee ng as stated in the No ce herein. 
15.  The facility of par cipa on at the AGM through VC/OAVM 
will be made available for 1000 members on ﬁrst come ﬁrst 
served basis (“FIFO”). The large members (i.e. members 
holding 2% or  more shareholding), promoters, ins tu onal 
investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Commi ee, Nomina on and 
Remunera on Commi ee and Stakeholders Rela onship 
Commi ee, Auditors, etc. are allowed  to a end the 
Mee ng without restric on on account of FIFO principle. 
16.   Remote e-vo ng: Pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 108 
of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administra on) Rules, 2014, as amended, Secretarial 
Standard on General Mee ngs (“SS-2”) issued by the ICSI 
and Regula on 44 of the Lis ng Regula ons, as amended 
read with circular of SEBI on e-vo ng facility provided by 
Listed en  es and the MCA Circulars, the Company is 
providing facility to its Members to exercise their right to 
vote on the resolu ons proposed to be passed at the AGM 
through remote e-vo ng facility.
17.  Vo ng at the AGM: Members who could not vote through 
remote e-vo ng may avail the e-vo ng facility which will be 
made available at the Mee ng (“e-vo ng”), facility to be 
provided by NSDL.
18.  The Members are requested to note that the Company has 
arranged Video Conferencing Facility (VC) for the 
proceedings of the AGM through Webex pla orm. Members 
may use this facility by using the same login creden als as 
provided for remote e-Vo ng. Members on the day of the 
AGM will login through their user ID and password on e-
Vo ng website of NSDL. The link/tab will be available in 
Member login where the EVEN of the Company will be 
displayed.
19.   The Board of Directors of the Company at their Mee ng held 
on July 17, 2024 had appointed Mr. Muthukumaran 
(Membership No. F11218 & Cer ﬁcate of Prac ce No. 
20333), Partner, M/s P Muthukumaran & Associates, 
Company Secretaries [UCN: P2024TN099300], as the 
Scru nizer to scru nize the remote e-vo ng process and 
cas ng of vote through e-vo ng system during the AGM in a 
fair and transparent manner.
20.   The scru nizer shall, immediately a er the conclusion of the 
e- vo ng at the Annual General Mee ng, ﬁrst count the votes 
cast at the Mee ng, therea er unblock the votes cast 
through remote e- vo ng and submit not later than 2 
working days from conclusion of the Mee ng, a Scru nizer's 
Report of the total votes cast in favor or against, to the 
Chairman or in his absence any other Director or Key 
Managerial Personnel as authorized by the Chairman of the 
AGM, who shall countersign  the same.
21.  The results of vo ng along with Scru nizer's Report will be 
declared within 2 working days from the conclusion of the 
Annual General Mee ng. The results declared along with the 
Scru nizer's Report shall be communicated to stock 
exchanges, where the Company's shares are listed within the 
prescribed  melines and will also be uploaded on the 
Company's website and onh p://www.orchidpharma.com/ 
2962023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 300 =====
     h ps://www.evo ng.nsdl.com/ Further, the results shall be 
displayed on the No ce Board of the Company at its 
Registered Oﬃce. 
22. Pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 124 and 125 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Investor Educa on and 
Protec on Fund Authority (Accoun ng, Audit, Transfer and 
Refund) Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules), the amounts, which remain 
unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years, shall be 
transferred to the Investor Educa on and Protec on Fund. 
As per the provisions of  Sec on 124 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act”), read with IEPF rules as amended, all  shares 
in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed for 
seven consecu ve years shall be transferred by the Company 
in the name of IEPF. The shareholders are en tled to claim 
the shares and the dividend transferred to IEPF in 
accordance with such procedure and on submission of such 
documents as prescribed in the Act.
23.  Members seeking any addi onal informa on on the subject 
ma er to be placed at the AGM, are requested to write to the 
Company on or before August 02, 2024 through email at 
cs@orchidpharma.com the same will be replied by the 
Company suitably through email.
24. The Company has designated an exclusive Email ID: 
cs@orchidpharma.com for redressal of shareholders 
complaints/grievances. For any investor related queries, you 
are requested to please write to us at the above Email ID.
 CALENDER OF AGM 
Sr. No.  Par culars  Date 
1.  Cut -oﬀ Date For Eligibility of Vo ng for the 
AGM  
Wednesday , August 14, 202 4 
2.  Remote E -Vo ng Period  
3.  Date & Time of AGM  Wednesday , August 21, 2024 at 11:30 A.M. IST 
 
From 9:00 A.M (IST) on Saturday, August 17, 2024  ll 5:00 P.M. 
(IST) on Tuesday, August 20, 2024
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER: -
The remote e-vo ng period begins on Saturday, August 17, 2024 
at 09.00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Tuesday, August 20, 2024 at 
05.00 P.M. (IST). The remote e-vo ng module shall be disabled 
by NSDL for vo ng therea er. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members / Beneﬁcial Owners as on 
the record date (cut-oﬀ date) i.e. Wednesday, August 14, 2024, 
may cast their vote electronically. The vo ng right of 
shareholders shall be in propor on to their share in the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the above cut-oﬀ 
date.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Vo ng system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Vo ng system consists of 
“Two Steps” which are men oned below: 
Step 1:  Access to NSDL e-Vo ng system
A)   Login method for e-Vo ng and joining virtual mee ng for 
Individual shareholders holding securi es in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Vo ng 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securi es in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Par cipants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in 
order to access e-Vo ng facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securi es in 
demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securi es in 
demat mode with 
NSDL.
 
1.   Exis ng IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz.  either on h ps://eservices.nsdl.com
a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneﬁcial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under 'IDeAS' sec on, this will prompt you to enter your exis ng User ID 
and Password. A er successful authen ca on, you will be able to see e-Vo ng services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Vo ng” under e-Vo ng services and you will be able to see e-Vo ng 
page. Click on company name or e-Vo ng service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-
Vo ng website of NSDL for cas ng your vote during the remote e-Vo ng period or joining virtual mee ng 
& vo ng during the mee ng.
2.   If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, op on to register is available at 
h ps://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at
 h ps://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
297
===== PAGE 301 =====
Type of shareholders Login Method
 
3.   Visit the e-Vo ng website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
h ps://www.evo ng.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page 
of e-Vo ng system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
'Shareholder/Member' sec on. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Veriﬁca on Code as 
shown on the screen. A er successful authen ca on, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Vo ng page. Click on company name or e-Vo ng service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be redirected to e-Vo ng website of NSDL for cas ng your vote during the remote e-
Vo ng period or joining virtual mee ng & vo ng during the mee ng.
4.   Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning 
the QR code men oned below for seamless vo ng experience.
Individual
Shareholders holding 
securi es in demat 
mode with CDSL
1.   Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their exis ng user id and 
password. Op on will be made available to reach e-Vo ng page without any further authen ca on. The 
users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website  and click on login icon www.cdslindia.com
& New System Myeasi Tab and then user your exis ng my easi username & password.
2.   A er successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Vo ng op on for eligible 
companies where the evo ng is in progress as per the informa on provided by company. On clicking the 
evo ng op on, the user will be able to see e-Vo ng page of the e-Vo ng service provider for cas ng your 
vote during the remote e-Vo ng period or joining virtual mee ng & vo ng during the mee ng. 
Addi onally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Vo ng Service Providers, so that the 
user can visit the e-Vo ng service providers' website directly.
3.    If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, op on to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registra on 
op on.
4.    Alterna vely, the user can directly access e-Vo ng page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from an e-Vo ng link available on  home page. The system will www.cdslindia.com
authen cate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. A er successful authen ca on, user will be able to see the e-Vo ng op on where the 
evo ng is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Vo ng Service Providers.
Individual
 Shareholders (holding 
securi es in demat 
mode) login through 
t h e i r  d e p o s i t o r y 
par cipants
You can also login using the login creden als of your demat account through your Depository Par cipant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Vo ng facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Vo ng op on. 
Click on e-Vo ng op on, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site a er successful 
authen ca on, wherein you can see e-Vo ng feature. Click on company name or eVo ng service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Vo ng website of NSDL for cas ng your vote during the 
remote e-Vo ng period or joining virtual mee ng & vo ng during the mee ng.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password op on 
available at abovemen oned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securi es in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
2982023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 302 =====
Login type  Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securi es 
in demat mode with NSDL  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evo ng@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securi es 
in demat mode with CDSL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evo ng@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
 
B)   Login Method for e-Vo ng and joining virtual mee ng for 
shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securi es in demat mode and shareholders holding 
securi es in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Vo ng website?
1.   Visit the e-Vo ng website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: h ps://www.evo ng.nsdl.com/ 
either on a personal computer or on a mobile. 
2.    Once the home page of e-Vo ng system is launched, click on 
the icon “Login” which is available under
 'Shareholder/Member' sec on.
3.    A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, 
your Password/OTP and a Veriﬁca on Code as shown on the 
screen.
Alterna vely, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, 
you can log-in at h ps://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your exis ng 
IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices a er using your 
log-in creden als, click on e-Vo ng and you can proceed to Step 2 
i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4.     Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical
 
 
Your User ID is:
 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.  
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
 
 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** 
then your user ID is IN300***12******.  
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.  
16 Digit Beneﬁciary ID  
 
For example if your Beneﬁciary ID is 12************** then 
your user ID is 12**************  
c) For Members holding shares in Physical Form.  EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
company  
 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then 
user ID is 101456001***
 
 
5.  Password details for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders are given below:
a)   If you are already registered for e-Vo ng, then you can use 
your exis ng password to login and cast your vote.
b)   If you are using NSDL e-Vo ng system for the ﬁrst  me, you 
will need to retrieve the 'ini al password' which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 'ini al 
password', you need to enter the 'ini al password' and the 
system will force you to change your password.
c)    How to retrieve your 'ini al password'?
       (I)  If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with 
the company, your 'ini al password' is communicated to 
you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
a achment i.e. a pdf ﬁle. Open the pdf ﬁle. The 
password to open the pdf ﬁle is your 8 digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account 
or folio number for shares held in physical form. The pdf 
ﬁle contains your 'User ID' and your 'ini al password'. 
    (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps 
men oned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered.
6.    If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Ini al 
password” or have forgo en your password:
a)    Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding 
shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) op on 
available on www.evo ng.nsdl.com.
b)   Physical User Reset Password? (If you are holding shares in 
physical mode) op on available on www.evo ng.nsdl.com.
299
===== PAGE 303 =====
c)   If you are s ll unable to get the password by aforesaid two 
op ons, you can send a request at evo ng@nsdl.com 
men oning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d)   Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based 
login for cas ng the votes on the e-Vo ng system of NSDL.
7.   A er entering your password,  ck on Agree to “Terms and 
Condi ons” by selec ng on the check box 
8.    Now, you will have to click on “Login” bu on.
9.    A er you click on the “Login” bu on, Home page of e-Vo ng 
will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Mee ng 
on NSDL e-Vo ng system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Mee ng 
on NSDL e-Vo ng system
1.    A er successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the 
companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose vo ng cycle and General Mee ng is in ac ve status.
2.   Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your 
vote during the remote e-Vo ng period and cas ng your 
vote during the General Mee ng. For joining virtual 
mee ng, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under 
“Join Mee ng”.
3.      Now you are ready for e-Vo ng as the Vo ng page opens.
4.    Cast your vote by selec ng appropriate op ons i.e. assent or 
dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you 
wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Conﬁrm” when prompted.
5.    Upon conﬁrma on, the message “Vote cast successfully” will 
be displayed.
6.   You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print op on on the conﬁrma on page.
7.    Once you conﬁrm your vote on the resolu on, you will not be 
allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1.    Ins tu onal shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolu on/ Authority le er 
etc. with a ested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scru nizer 
by e-mail to  with a copy marked to info@pmkadvisors.com
evo ng@nsdl.com. Ins tu onal shareholders (i.e. other 
than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolu on / Power of A orney / Authority Le er etc. by 
clicking on "Upload Board Resolu on / Authority Le er" 
displayed under "e-Vo ng" tab in their login.
1.    It is strongly recommended not to share your password with 
any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password conﬁden al. Login to the e-vo ng website will be 
disabled upon ﬁve unsuccessful a empts to key in the 
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
U s e r  R e s e t  P a s s w o r d ? ”  o p   o n  a v a i l a b l e  o n 
www.evo ng.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3.   In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Ques ons (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-vo ng user manual 
for Shareholders available at the download sec on of 
www.evo ng.nsdl.com or call   on: 022 – 4886 7000 or send 
a request to NSDL at evo ng@nsdl.com
 Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registra on of email ids for e-vo ng for the 
resolu ons set out in this no ce:
1.     In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio 
No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
cer ﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self-a ested scanned copy 
of PAN card), AADHAR (self-a ested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) by email to RTA at rta@abhipra.com.
 
2.     In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-
CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneﬁciary ID), Name, 
client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self-a ested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-
a ested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to RTA at 
rta@abhipra.com. 
3.   If you are an Individual shareholders holding securi es in 
demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method 
explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Vo ng and 
joining virtual mee ng for Individual shareholders holding 
securi es in demat mode.
4.    Alterna vely shareholder/members may send a request to 
evo ng@nsdl.com    for for procuring user id and password 
e-vo ng by providing above men oned documents.
5.     In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Vo ng 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securi es in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Par cipants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Vo ng 
facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY 
OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1.    The procedure for e-vo ng on the day of the AGM is same as 
the instruc ons men oned above for remote e-vo ng.
2.   Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolu ons through remote e-Vo ng i.e. 
from August 17, 2024 to August 20, 2024 and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through 
3002023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 304 =====
        through e-Vo ng system in the AGM.
3.   Members who have voted through Remote e-Vo ng will be 
eligible to a end the AGM. However, they will not be eligible 
to vote at the AGM.
4.  The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-vo ng on the day 
of the AGM shall be the same person men oned for Remote 
e-vo ng.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM 
THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.   Member will be provided with a facility to a end the AGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Vo ng system. 
Members may access by following the steps men oned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Vo ng system. A er successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join 
mee ng” menu against company name. You are requested 
to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Mee ng 
menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will 
be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have 
the User ID and Password for e-Vo ng or have forgo en the 
User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the 
remote e-vo ng instruc ons men oned in the no ce to 
avoid last minute rush.
2.   Members are encouraged to join the Mee ng through 
Laptops for be er experience.
3.    Further, Members will be required to allow Camera and use 
Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the mee ng.
4.   Please note that Par cipants Connec ng from Mobile Devices 
or Tablets or through Laptop connec ng via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctua on in their 
respec ve network. It is therefore recommended to use 
Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connec on to mi gate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
5.  Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask  
ques ons during the mee ng may register themselves as a 
speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 4 days 
prior to mee ng men oning their name, demat account 
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
cs@orchidpharma.com. Those shareholders who have 
registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to 
express their views/ask ques ons during the mee ng. The 
shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but 
have queries may send their queries in advance 7 days prior 
to the mee ng men oning their name, demat account 
number/ folio number, email id and mobile number at 
cs@orchidpharma.com. These queries will be replied to by 
the company suitably by email. The Company reserves the 
right to restrict the number of ques ons and numbers of 
speakers, as appropriate, for smooth conduct of the AGM. 
Procedure for obtaining the AGM no ce and e-vo ng 
instruc ons by the shareholders whose email addresses are not 
registered with the depositories or with RTA on physical folios:
i.  Members may send an e-mail request at the email id 
rta@abhipra.com along with scanned copy of the signed 
request le er providing the email address, mobile number, 
self-a ested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of 
electronic folio and copy of Share Cer ﬁcate in case of 
physical folio for sending the No ce of AGM, Annual Report 
and the e-vo ng instruc ons.
ii.  Shareholders may also visit the website of the company 
h p://www.orchidpharma.com/or the website of the NSDL 
h ps://www.evo ng.nsdl.com/downloading the No ce of 
the AGM and Annual Report.
iii.   Those shareholders who have registered/not registered their 
mail address and mobile number including address and bank 
details may please contact and validate/update their details 
with the relevant Depository Par cipant in case of shares 
held in electronic form and with the Company's Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent M/s. Abhipra Capital Limited 
(“Abhipra”) in case the shares held in physical form.
iv.    Shareholders who have not registered their mail address and 
in consequence the No ce of AGM and e-vo ng instruc ons 
could not be serviced may temporarily get their email 
address and mobile number provided with the Company's 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, Abhipra, by sending 
email to  for sending the same. rta@abhipra.com
Shareholders are requested to follow the process as guided 
to capture the email address and mobile number for sending 
the so  copy of the no ce and e-vo ng instruc ons along 
with the User ID and Password. In case of any queries, 
shareholder may write to  or  rta@abhipra.com
cs@orchidpharma.com
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS
a.    A person who is not a Member as on the Cut-oﬀ Date for e-
vo ng should treat this No ce for informa on purposes only. 
A person whose name is recorded in the register of members 
or in the register of beneﬁcial owners maintained by the 
depositories as on the Cut-oﬀ Date i.e. Wednesday, August 
14, 2024 only shall be en tled to avail the facility of remote e-
vo ng or for par cipa on at the AGM and e-vo ng thereat.
b.    You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id in the 
user proﬁle details to get e- vo ng conﬁrma on and which 
may be used for further communica ons. 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Orchid Pharma Limited
          Sd/-
  Kapil Dayya
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
Date: July 19, 2024
Place: Gurugram
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 (1) OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
 The following Explanatory Statement, pursuant to Sec on 
301
===== PAGE 305 =====
102 of the Companies Act, 2013, set out the material facts 
rela ng to the business men oned in the accompanying No ce 
dated July 19, 2024.
Item No. 3 – Appointment of Ms. Shubha Singh  (DIN: 06926872) 
as the Independent Director of the Company.
The Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee and the Board of 
Directors of the Company at their Mee ngs held on May 23, 2024 
had approved the appointment of Ms. Shubha Singh as an 
Addi onal Director of the Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of Sec on 149, 152, 161 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Companies (Appointment and 
Qualiﬁca on of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regula on 17, 
Regula on 25 of SEBI (Lis ng Regula on and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regula ons, 2015, the conﬁrma on of 
Appointment of Ms. Shubha Singh as the Non- Execu ve and 
Independent Director is required to be taken from the members 
of the Company in the ensuing Annual General Mee ng or within 
three months from the date of appointment as an Addi onal 
Director, whichever is earlier.
Accordingly, the consent of the members is sought for passing a 
special resolu on approving the appointment of Ms. Shubha 
Singh as a Non- Execu ve and Independent Director of the 
Company, whose willingness for such appointment has been 
received along with the required declara on/ cer ﬁcates under 
Companies Act and SEBI Lis ng Regula ons.
In the opinion of the Board, she fulﬁls the condi ons speciﬁed in 
the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder read with the 
SEBI Lis ng Regula ons for such an appointment and she is 
independent of the management.
The terms and condi ons of appointment of independent 
directors has been posted on the website of the Company and are 
open for inspec on as stated in the notes to the No ce of AGM.
Addi onally, in accordance with Regula on 36(3) of SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, par culars of Ms. Shubha Singh (DIN: 06926872) 
including her proﬁle and speciﬁc areas of exper se are given 
below as “Annexure 1”.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their rela ves except Ms. Shubha Singh are in any 
way interested or concerned with this Resolu on.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of 
the Special Resolu on set out in Item No. 3 to the members of the 
Company.
Item No. 4 – Ra ﬁca on of Remunera on to the Cost Auditor 
for the Financial Year 2024-25
The Audit Commi ee and the Board of Directors of the Company 
at their Mee ngs held on May 23, 2024 have approved the 
appointment of Shri J Karthikeyan, Cost Accountant 
[Membership No. 29934, Registra on Number - 102695], 
Chennai, as the Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct the 
audit of the Cost records of the Company with regard to 
Pharmaceu cals Segment (Bulk Drugs & Formula ons) for the 
Financial Year 2024-25.
In accordance with the Provisions of Sec on 148 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the 
remunera on payable to the Cost Auditor as recommended by 
the Audit Commi ee and approved by the Board of Directors, has 
to be ra ﬁed by the Members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for passing an 
Ordinary Resolu on as set out in Item No.4 of the No ce to ra fy 
the remunera on of Rs. 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs and ﬁ y 
thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out 
of pocket expenses to Shri J Karthikeyan, Cost Auditor towards 
audit of the Cost records of the Company for the Financial Year 
2024-25 which has been duly approved by the Board of Directors 
a er considering the recommenda on made by the Audit 
Commi ee of the Company at the mee ng held on May 23, 2024.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their rela ves are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the resolu on set out at item No.4 of 
the No ce.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of 
the Ordinary Resolu on set out in Item No. 4 to the members of 
the Company.
Item No. 5 -Approval for con nua on of Directorship of Mr. 
Ram Gopal Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) as Non- Execu ve, Non- 
Independent Director cum Chairman of the Board beyond the 
age of Seventy- Five years
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) was appointed as an 
Addi onal Director, Non-Execu ve Non- Independent Director of 
the Company, with eﬀect from March 31, 2020, in terms of 
Sec on 161 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ('the Act') and rules made thereunder (including any 
statutory modiﬁca ons or re-enactment thereof for the  me 
being in force) read with Ar cle of Associa on of the Company. 
He was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors with 
eﬀect from June 29, 2020. Further, his oﬃce as an Addi onal 
Director was regularised as Non-Execu ve Director, liable to 
re re by rota on, in the Annual General Mee ng held on 
December 30, 2020 in accordance with Sec on 152 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013, as amended. 
In terms of the Regula on 17(1A) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, 
inserted by SEBI (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) (Amendment) Regula ons, 2018, eﬀec ve from 
April 01, 2019, no listed Company shall appoint or con nue the 
directorship of any person as Non-Execu ve Director, who has 
a ained the age of seventy ﬁve years, unless a special resolu on 
is passed to that eﬀect.
3022023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 306 =====
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal will a ain the age of 75 years on July 30, 
2024 and therefore the approval of the Members will be required 
for con nua on of his directorship in the Company.
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal is Founder Chairman of Dhanuka Group. 
He has 56 years of rich and wide experience in the Industry. He is a 
decisive and ac on oriented visionary who took over a sick 
pes cide Company named Northern Mineral Pvt. Ltd. in 1980 and 
transformed it today to Rs. 1700 Crore organiza on. His deep 
commitment and inspiring leadership in ini al turbulent days is 
an example worth inculca ng. He was the past Chairman of CCFI, 
(Crop Care Federa on of India) the apex Chamber of all Indian 
Agrochemical majors. He has been bestowed with many Awards 
for his tremendous contribu on in Agro Industry like “Life Time 
Achievement Award” by Agri Business Summit and Agri Awards 
2019, “Dis nguished Contribu on to Indian Agrochemicals 
Industry” during India Chem 2016 Interna onal Conference 
organised by FICCI, Na onal Safety Award – 3  mes; Forbes 
Award – 200 Best under A  Billion Companies in Asia Paciﬁc etc.
The Board of Directors considering his vast experience, 
knowledge, exper se, performance, coveted mentorship role 
and unparalleled proﬁle hereinbefore stated, at their mee ng 
held on July 17, 2024 have approved the con nua on of 
directorship of Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal (DIN: 00627386) as Non-
Execu ve Non- Independent Director cum Chairman of the Board 
from the day he a ains the age of 75 years i.e., July 30, 2024 on 
the same terms and condi ons as approved at the  me of Ini al 
Appointment that was approved by the Members of the 
Company vide Resolu on dated December 30, 2020 i.e. 
appointment as Non-Execu ve Director liable to re re by 
rota on with nil remunera on.
Addi onally, in accordance with Regula on 36(3) of SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, par culars of Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal including his 
proﬁle and speciﬁc areas of exper se are included as “Annexure 
2”.
None of the Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel and their 
rela ves, except Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal and his rela ves, to the 
extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, are 
in any way, interested or concerned, ﬁnancially or otherwise in 
the Resolu on set out at Item No. 5 of the No ce.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of 
the Special Resolu on set out in Item No. 5 to the members of the 
Company.
Item No. 6- Approval for the Re- appointment of Mr. Manish 
Dhanuka (DIN: 00238798) as Managing Director of the 
Company and payment of remunera on to him
Based on the recommenda on of the Nomina on and 
Remunera on Commi ee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their mee ng held on July 17, 2024 approved the re-
appointment of Mr. Manish Dhanuka as the Managing Director of 
the Company for the period commencing from February 28, 2025 
to February 27, 2030 whose oﬃce shall not be liable to 
determina on for re rement of directors by rota on on such 
terms and condi ons and remunera on as were set out in the 
resolu on.
Pursuant to Regula on 17(6)(e) of SEBI (LODR) Regula ons 2015, 
the fees or compensa on payable to execu ve directors who are 
promoters or members of the promoter group, shall be subject to 
the approval of the shareholders by special resolu on in a 
general mee ng if:
i)   The annual remunera on payable to such execu ve director 
exceeds Rs. 5 crores or 2.5 % of the net proﬁts of the Company 
(calculated as per the provisions of Sec on 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013) whichever is higher; or
ii) Where there is more than 1 such director, the aggregate annual 
remunera on to such director exceeds 5 % of the net proﬁts of 
the Company (calculated as per sec on 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013).
The annual remunera on payable to Mr. Manish Dhanuka is 
expected to be within the prescribed limits of Sec on 197 of 
Companies Act, 2013. However, the annual remunera on 
payable to Mr. Manish Dhanuka is expected to exceed the limits 
men oned under regula on 17(6)(e)) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, 
2015 either singly or collec vely with Mr. Mridul Dhanuka (Whole 
Time Director) and accordingly, approval of shareholders is being 
sought by way of Special Resolu on.
Therefore, the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on July 17, 
2024 considered and recommends the proposal to obtain Special 
Resolu on from the members of the Company on the ma er.
Further, terms and condi ons of his re- appointment other than 
as set out in No ce shall remain same as of the Resolu on passed 
by the shareholders at General Mee ng held on December 30, 
2020. The Members wishes to seek the above stated resolu on 
may write to the Company at .cs@orchidpharma.com
Addi onally, in accordance with Regula on 36(3) of SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, par culars of Mr. Manish Dhanuka including his 
proﬁle and speciﬁc areas of exper se are given below as 
“Annexure 3”.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
or their rela ves, except Mr. Manish Dhanuka, are in any way, 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the 
aforemen oned resolu on.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of 
the Special Resolu on set out in Item No. 6 to the members of the 
Company.
303
===== PAGE 307 =====
Item No. 7: Approval for the Re- appointment of Mr. Mridul 
Dhanuka (DIN: 00199441) as Whole- me Director of the 
Company and payment of remunera on to him
Based on the recommenda on of the Nomina on and 
Remunera on Commi ee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company at their mee ng held on July 17, 2024 approved the 
appointment of Mr. Mridul Dhanuka as the Whole-Time Director 
of the Company, for the period commencing from February 28, 
2025 to February 27, 2030 whose oﬃce shall be liable to 
determina on for re rement of directors by rota on on such 
terms and condi ons and remunera on as were set out in the 
resolu on.
Pursuant to Regula on 17(6)(e) of SEBI (LODR) Regula ons 2015, 
the fees or compensa on payable to execu ve directors who are 
promoters or members of the promoter group, shall be subject to 
the approval of the shareholders by special resolu on in a 
general mee ng if:
i)   The annual remunera on payable to such execu ve director 
exceeds Rs. 5 crores or 2.5 % of the net proﬁts of the Company 
(calculated as per the provisions of Sec on 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013) whichever is higher; or
ii)  Where there is more than 1 such director, the aggregate 
annual remunera on to such director exceeds 5 % of the net 
proﬁts of the Company (calculated as per sec on 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013).
The annual remunera on payable to Mr. Mridul Dhanuka is 
expected to be within the prescribed limits of Sec on 197 of 
Companies Act, 2013. However, the annual remunera on 
payable to Mr. Mridul Dhanuka is expected to exceed the limits 
men oned under regula on 17(6)(e)) of SEBI Lis ng Regula ons, 
2015, either singly or collec vely with Mr. Manish Dhanuka 
(Managing Director) and accordingly, approval of shareholders is 
being sought by way of Special Resolu on.
Therefore, the Board of Directors at its mee ng held on July 17, 
2024 considered and recommends the proposal to obtain Special 
Resolu on from the members of the Company on the ma er.
Further, terms and condi ons of his re- appointment other than 
as set out in No ce shall remain same as of the Resolu on passed 
by the shareholders at General Mee ng held on December 30, 
2020. The Members wishes to seek the above stated resolu on 
may write to the Company at .cs@orchidpharma.com
Addi onally, in accordance with Regula on 36(3) of SEBI Lis ng 
Regula ons, par culars of Mr. Mridul Dhanuka including his 
proﬁle and speciﬁc areas of exper se are given below as 
“Annexure 4”.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
or their rela ves, except Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, are in any way, 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the 
aforemen oned resolu on.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of 
the Special Resolu on set out in Item No. 7 to the members of the 
Company.
Item No. 8 – Approval for Material Related Party Transac ons 
with M/s Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited
Pursuant to the Provisions of Sec on 188 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”), read with the Companies (Mee ngs of Board 
and its Powers) Rules, 2014 ('Rules'), the Company is required to 
obtain consent of the Board of Directors and prior approval of the 
members by way of Ordinary resolu on, in case certain 
transac ons with related par es exceeds such sum as speciﬁed in 
the said Rules. The aforesaid provisions are not applicable in 
respect of transac ons which are in the ordinary course of 
business and on arm's length basis.
However, pursuant to Regula on 23(4) of the Securi es and 
Exchange Board of India (Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regula ons, 2015 (the 'Lis ng Regula ons') 
approval of the members through resolu on passed at General 
Mee ng is required for all Material related party transac ons, 
even if they are entered into in the ordinary course of business 
and on arm's length basis. For this purpose, a transac on is 
considered material, if the transac on/transac ons to be 
entered into individually or taken together with previous 
transac ons during a Financial Year exceeds rupees one 
thousand crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company, as per the last audited Financial statements of the 
Company, whichever is lower.
M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) private Limited is a 'Related Party' 
within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI 
(Lis ng Obliga ons and Disclosure Requirements) Regula ons, 
2015. The Company has exis ng transac ons with M/s. Otsuka 
Chemicals (India) private Limited, which is in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm's length basis. Otsuka Chemical (India) 
Private Limited is the only approved source of the Key Raw 
Material GCLE for Orchid, even before the takeover by Dhanuka 
group. It is only incidental that a er Dhanuka's takeover, this 
transac on has become a related party transac on by virtue of 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director of Orchid Pharma 
Limited being a Director and member in Otsuka Chemical (India) 
Private Limited & Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director also 
being a Member of Otsuka Chemical (India) Private Limited. 
Moreover, Otsuka also buys the end product produced from GCLE 
for its global requirements from Orchid under a long-term supply 
contract. The proposed RPTs with Otsuka will help the Company 
achieve economies of scale and will be in the best interest of the 
members.
Further, the es mated value of transac ons with M/s. Otsuka 
Chemicals (India) private Limited for the ﬁnancial year 2024-25 is 
likely to exceed 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company as per the last Audited Consolidated ﬁnancial
3042023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 308 =====
statements of the Company. Thus, these transac ons would 
require the prior approval of the Members by way of Resolu on 
at the General Mee ng and therefore approval of the Members is 
sought to enable the Board for entering into new/further 
contracts/ arrangements/ agreements/ transac ons (including 
any modiﬁca ons, altera on for the Financial Year ended 2024-
25 subject to the limits men oned in the table below. The value 
of Related Party transac ons with Otsuka Chemicals (India) 
Private Limited for the period commencing from April 01, 2024  ll 
the date of this No ce has not exceeded the materiality 
thresholds and the Company will ensure that the same does not 
st 
exceed the aforesaid threshold upto the date of the 31 AGM, i.e. 
August 21, 2024.
The relevant informa on pertaining to transac ons with Otsuka 
as required under Rule 15 of Companies (Mee ngs of Board and 
its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended and SEBI circular vide. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021 
is given below:
Name of the related party and its rela onship with the listed en ty or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern 
or interest ( Financial or otherwise)
 
Name of the related party 
 
M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) Private Limited
 Name of the director or Key Managerial Personnel 
who is related, if any;
 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka
 Mr.
 
Mridul
 
Dhanuka
 Nature of rela onship
 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka is a Director and Member in
 
M/s. Otsuka 
Chemicals
 
(India) Private Ltd.
 Mr. Mridul
 
Dhanuka is a Member of M/s. Otsuka Chemicals 
(India) Private Ltd.
 Aggregate maximum value of the contract/ 
arrangement per transac on in any Financial year
 
Aggregate value Upto
 
Rs. 250 Crores (Rupees Two hundred and 
Fifty
 
Crores Only) for the Financial year 2024-25
 Nature, type, material terms, monetary value and 
par culars of the contract or arrangements
 
The proposed transac ons relate d
 
to supply of raw material 
which shall be governed by the Company's Related Party 
Transac on Policy and shall be approved by the Audit 
Commi ee within the overall limits approved by the Members. 
 
Tenure of the proposed transac on
 
Contracts/arrangements with a dura on upto 1 year
 
Any other informa on relevant or important for  the members to take a decision on the proposed 
resolu on.  
All the transac ons are on recurring basis and on arm's length 
basis and in the ordinary course of business. The transac ons 
are based on Purchase Orders issued from  me to  me. 
The percentage of the Orchid's  annual 
consolidated turnover, for the immediately 
preceding Financial Year, that is represented by 
the value of the proposed transac on  
30.51% 
Jus ﬁca on as to why the RPT is in the interest of 
the listed en ty;  
The details are provided in the foregoing paragraphs 
Percentage of the counter -party's annual 
consolidated turnover that is represented by the 
value of the proposed RPT on a voluntary basis;  
23.67% 
A copy of the valua on or other external party 
report, if any such report has been relied upon
 The transac ons do not contemplate any valua on 
Where the transac on relates to any loans, 
intercorporate deposits, advances or investments 
made or given by the listed en ty or its subsidiary, 
the details speciﬁed under point4(f) of the
 
aforesaid circular
 
Not Applicable
 
 
305
===== PAGE 309 =====
As per Regula on 23(4) of Lis ng Regula ons, all en  es falling 
under the deﬁni on of Related Par es shall not vote to approve 
the relevant transac on irrespec ve of whether the en ty is a 
party to the par cular transac on or not and accordingly the 
Promoters, Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (Holding Company) 
shall not vote on the resolu ons set out at Item No. 8., even a er 
not being party in the given transac on.
The said transac on(s)/contract(s)/arrangement(s) have been 
recommended by the Audit Commi ee. The Board considers that 
the proposed related party transac ons with M/s. Otsuka 
Chemicals (India) Private Limited play a signiﬁcant role in the 
Company's business opera ons and accordingly the Board 
recommends the Ordinary Resolu on as set out in Item No. 8 of 
this No ce for approval of the Members. This Explanatory 
statement may also be regarded as a disclosure under SEBI 
(LODR) Regula ons, 2015.
None of the Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel or their 
rela ves, except Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director 
(Director on Board & Member of M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) 
Private Limited) and Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director 
(Member of M/s. Otsuka Chemicals (India) private Limited), are in 
any way, concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the 
said resolu on. 
3062023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 310 =====
Annexure-1
INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF ITEM NO.3 (PURSUANT TO REGULATION 36(3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ISSUED BY INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 118 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
Brief Proﬁle of Ms. Shubha Singh, Non- Execu ve and Independent Director
Par culars 
 
 
 
Name of Director
 
Ms. Shubha Singh, 48 years
 
DIN
 
06926872
 
Date of Birth
 
January
 
26, 1976
 
Qualiﬁca on
 
B.com (Hons), LLB, CS, CFA, MBA
 Date of First Appointment on the 
Board
 
May 23, 2024
Brief Proﬁle/ Experience/ Skills/ 
Exper se 
 
Having 25 years of experience in various domains like Secretarial, compliances, legal, 
investor rela ons, stakeholder management, strategy, CSR, POSH etc. in corporate 
sector.
Honoured with the Best Non-Execu ve Director Award in Listed Company category at 
MMB Iconic Women Directors of India, 2023 conclave held on 15th December, 2023 
at BSE Conven on center, Mumbai. Mrs. Smri  Irani and Dr. Kiran Bedi presided over 
the conclave. 
Featured on cover page of Board stewardship magazine in Women's Day Special 
edi on – March, 2024 and also her ar cles on ESG were published in the same 
edi on. 
Awarded the Dis nguished Alumni Award 2024 for Corporate Excellence in Finance 
category by IMT CDL at Alumni meet held on 11th February, 2024. 
Featured in the Alumni Spotlight sec on of the IMT CDL Alumni Yearbook 2024 which 
can be accessed at ps://www.imtcdl.ac.in/Annual-Alumni-Book-2024/, 
Her ar cle on Viksit Bharat- sustainability and sustainable development was 
published in ICSI- Chartered Secretary Journal, April, 2024. 
Part of Achiever's talk series, was invited for a live talk with Mr. Ashok Sharma, Dean– 
IMT CDL on Unlocking Financial Poten al in May, 2024. 
Thought leadership by wri ng ar cles, posts etc. in various forums and as Guest 
speaker especially w.r.t Corporate governance, compliances, ethics, Laws, eco-legal 
regulatory eco-system, domes c and interna onal.
307
===== PAGE 311 =====
Inter-se rela onships with 
Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel  
Ms. Shubha Singh is not related to any director/ Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. 
Shareholding in the Company 
including shareholding as a 
beneﬁcial ownner
 
Ms. Shubha Singh does not hold any shares directly
 
or indirectly
 
in 
the Company. 
 
Listed Companies in which the 
Director holds directorship
 M/s. AMD Industries Limited, Director
 
M/s. Lords Chloro Alkali Limited, Director
 
M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited
 
Listed Companies in which Director 
holds Commi ee Membership
 
M/s. AMD Industries Limited
 
-
 
Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee
 
-
 
Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee
 
-
 
Corporate Social Responsibility Commi ee
 
M/s. Lords Chloro Alkali Limited
 
-
 
Nomina on and Remunera on Commi ee
 
-
 
Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee
 
 
Terms and Condi ons of 
Appointment along with details of 
remunera on sought to be paid
 
In terms of Sec on 149 and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
Ms. Shubha Singh is eligible to be appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company and has given a declara on to the Board 
that she meets the criteria of independence as provided under 
Sec on 149 (6) of the Act.
 
As per the provisions of Sec on 149 of the Act, an
 
Independent 
Director shall hold oﬃce for a term up to ﬁve consecu ve years on 
the Board of a company and is not liable to re re by rota on. The 
ma er regarding appointment of Ms. Shubha Singh as Independent 
Director was placed before the Board whic h recommends her 
appointment as Independent Director for a term of 5 years with 
eﬀect from May 23, 2024. Ms. Shubha Singh is en tled only to the 
si ng fee for a ending the Board and commi ee mee ngs which 
is ﬁxed at Rs. 40,000 (Rupees Forty Thousan d Only) per Board 
Mee ng and Rs. 10,000 (Rupees Ten Thousand Only) per 
Commi ee Mee ng.
 
 
Listed Companies in which the Director 
holds directorship 
M/s. AMD Industries Limited, Director 
M/s. Lords Chloro Alkali Limited, Director 
M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited
 
Listed Companies in which Director holds 
Commi ee Membership
 M/s. AMD Industries Limited
 
-
 
Nomina on and Remuneration
 
Committee
 
-
 
Stakeholders Rela onship Commi ee
 
-
 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 
M/s. Lords Chloro Alkali Limited
 
-
 
Nomina on and Remuneration Commi ee
 
-
 
Stakeholders Rela onship Committee
 
Terms and Condi ons of Appointment 
along with details of remunera on 
sought to be paid
 In terms of Sec on 149 and other applicable provisions of the Act, Ms. Shubha 
Singh
 
is eligible to be appointed as an Independent Director of
 
the Company 
and has given a declara on to the Board that she meets the
 
criteria of 
independence as provided under Sec on 149 (6) of the Act.
 
As per the provisions of Sec on 149 of the Act, an Independent Director
 
shall 
hold oﬃce for a term up to ﬁve consecu ve years on the Board of a
 
company 
and is not liable to re re by rota on. The ma er regarding
 
appointment of 
Ms. Shubha Singh
 
as Independent Director was placed
 
before the Board which 
recommends her
 
appointment as Independent
 
Director for a term of 5 years 
with eﬀect from May 23, 2024. Ms. Shubha Singh is en tled
 
only to the si ing 
fee for a ending the Board and
 
committee mee ngs which is ﬁxed at Rs.
 
40,000 (Rupees Forty Thousand Only) per Board Mee ng and Rs.
 
10,000 
(Rupees Ten Thousand
 
Only) per Commi ee Meeting.
 
Jus ﬁca on for choosing the appointees 
for appointment as Independent 
Directors
 
In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Shubha Singh
 
fulﬁls the condi ons
 
speciﬁed 
in the Act and the Rules made there under for appointment
 
as Independent 
Director and she is independent of the management.
 
The proposal
 
for 
appointment of Director has been approved by the
 
Board considering their 
skills, wide experience and knowledge
 
Number of mee ngs of the Board
 
a ended during the year
 
2023-24
 
Not Applicable, being appointed a er the closure of ﬁnancial year ended on 
March 31, 2024.
 
Details of remunera on drawn in
 
FY23-
24
 
Not Applicable, being appointed a er the closure of ﬁnancial year ended on 
March 31, 2024.
 
Details of Remunera on sought to
 
be 
paid
 
Si ng Fees as paid to other Non-Execu ve Directors of the Company 
 
  
 
3082023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 312 =====
Annexure-2
DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT / RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
REGULATION 36 (3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL 
STANDARDS 2 (SS 2) ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA
Brief Proﬁle of Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal, Non- Execu ve Director
Par culars
 
 Name of 
 
Director
 
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal
 DIN
 
00627386
 Date of Birth
 
July 30, 1949
 
Age
 
74 years
 
Qualiﬁca on
 
Bachelor of Commerce
 
(Honours)
 
Brief Proﬁle/ Experience/ Skills/ Exper se
Terms and Condi ons
 
Inter-se rela onships with Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel
 NIL
  
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal is Founder Chairman of Dhanuka Group. He 
has 56 years of rich and wide experience in the Industry. He is a decisive 
and ac on oriented visionary who took over a sick pes cide Company 
named Northern Mineral Pvt. Ltd. in 1980 and transformed it today to 
Rs. 1700 Crore organiza on. His deep commitment and inspiring 
leadership in ini al turbulent days is an example worth inculca ng. He 
was the past Chairman of CCFI, (Crop Care Federa on of India) the apex 
Chamber of all Indian Agrochemical majors. He has been bestowed 
with many Awards for his tremendous contribu on in Agro Industry 
like “Life Time Achievement Award” by Agri Business Summit and Agri 
Awards 2019, “Dis nguished Contribu on to Indian Agrochemicals 
Industry” during India Chem 2016 Interna onal Conference organised 
by FICCI, Na onal Safety Award – 3  mes; Forbes Award – 200 Best 
under A  Billion Companies in Asia Paciﬁc etc.
Same terms and condi ons as approved by the Members vide 
Resolu on dated December 20, 2020 i.e. Appointed as Non-Execu ve 
Director liable to re re by rota on with nil remunera on.
309
===== PAGE 313 =====
Listed Companies in which the Director holds 
directorship and commi ee membership
 
M/s. Dhanuka
 
Agritech Limited
 M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited
 
Shareholding in the Company including 
shareholding as a beneﬁcial owner  
 
Listed En  es from which the Director has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years  
NIL  
Number of mee ngs of the Board a ended 
during the year 2023-24  
1 out of 9 
Details of remunera on drawn in FY23 -24  Nil  
Details of Remunera on sought to be paid
 
Si ng Fees as paid to other Non -Execu ve Directors of the Company
 
 
Mr. Ram Gopal Agarwal does not hold any shares directly in the 
Company. However, he is a beneﬁcial owner of 69.84% through 
Dhanuka Laboratories Limited (Holding Company categorised as 
Promoter of the Company) u/s 89 of the Companies Act 2013, as 
amended.
3102023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 314 =====
Annexure-3
INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF ITEM NO.6 (PURSUANT TO REGULATION 36(3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ISSUED BY INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 118 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
Brief Proﬁle of Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director
Par culars
 
 Name of the Director
 
Mr. Manish Dhanuka
 DIN
 
00238798
 Date of Birth
 
28.09.1967
 
Age
 
56 Years
 
Qualiﬁca on
  Mr. Manish Dhanuka holds a B. Tech in Chemical Engineering from IIT, 
New Delhi, and M.S in Chemical Engineering from the University of 
Akron, USA
 
 
Brief Proﬁle/ Experience/ Skills/ Exper se  
Mr. Manish Dhanuka has 29 years of rich experience in research, 
evalua on, and teaching in the pharmaceu cal industry with exper se 
in innova ve pharmaceu cal technologies. He excels in crea ng 
economical pharmaceu cal technologies and accelerated evalua on 
process for improving healthcare. His wide-ranging experience of 
handling opera ons, commercial, marke ng and ﬁnance in the 
manufacturing industry provides for his analy cal and decision- making 
skills facilita ng the restora on of the company to its glorious past and 
to achieve even greater heights. Before establishing Dhanuka 
laboratories Ltd. In 1993, he began his career at Ranbaxy Labs Ltd. in 
New Delhi and worked there for 5 years. His vision and strategy to grow 
the Pharmaceu cal industry in the Indian sub- con nent, have helped 
the Dhanuka Group enhance its Bulk Drugs manufacturing arm 
exponen ally. He spearheaded the acquisi on of Synmedic 
Laboratories in the year 2013 which is involved in pharmaceu cal 
formula ons. This entrepreneurial vigor enabled him to take over the 
opera ons of Orchid Pharma Ltd. in March 2020 and since he has 
played an importat role in turning around the business of the Company 
with knowledge, exper se and dedica on. He is driving force behind 
the new business ver cal of the Company.In accordance with sec on 
2(77) of the Companies Act, 2023, Mr. Manish Dhanuka does not have 
any rela onship with Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company  force behind the new business ver cal of the Company.
311
===== PAGE 315 =====
 
Inter-se rela onships with Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel  
 
Listed Companies in which the Director holds 
directorship and commi ee membership
 M/s. Dhanuka Agritech
 
Limited
 
M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited
 
Listed En  es from which the
 
Director has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years
 NIL
 
Number of mee ngs of the Board a ended 
during the year 2023-24
 9 of 9
 
Details of remunera on drawn in FY23 -24
 
 
Details of Remunera on sought to be paid
 
As set out in the Resolu on
 
 
In accordance with sec on 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2023, Mr. 
Manish Dhanuka does not have any rela onship with Director and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company
Rs. 3.55 Crores (Detailed explana on included in the Corporate 
Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report.
3122023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 316 =====
Annexure-4
INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF ITEM NO. 7 (PURSUANT TO REGULATION 36(3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ISSUED BY INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 118 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
Brief Proﬁle of Mr. Mridul Dhanuka, Whole- me Director
Par culars
 
 Name of the Director
 
Mr. Mridul
 
Dhanuka
 DIN
 
00199441
 Date of Birth
 
20.10.1980
 Age
 
43 Years
 
Qualiﬁca on
 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka is a Chemical Engineer with a Master's Degree in 
Business Administra on.
 
Brief Proﬁle/ Experience/ Skills/ Exper se
 
Inter-se rela onships with Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel
 
 
 
Mr. Mridul Dhanuka has wide experience of 20 years. He is associated 
with Dhanuka Group Ltd. since 2005. His technical exper se has 
supported to enlarge the product base of Dhanuka. He helped 
Dhanuka in smoothening the produc on, procurement and logis c 
func ons and established quality control.
With the takeover of the opera ons of Orchid Pharma Ltd. in March 
2020 and his appointment as Whole Time Director of the Company 
has played an vital role in turning around the business of the 
Company with knowledge, exper se and devo on . He is 
instrumental in driving various ini a ves to achieve the set 
milestones of the organiza on. Under his exuberant personality and 
ambi ous leadership the Company was able to expand its business 
facili es. He was responsible in successfully realigning the en re 
supply chain ver cal from procurement to sales thereby making a 
posi ve contribu on in the proﬁtability of the Company. He is a 
driving force behind the new business ver cal of the Company.
In accordance with sec on 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2023, Mr. 
Mridul Dhanuka does not have any rela onship with Director and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
313
===== PAGE 317 =====
Listed Companies in which the Director holds 
directorship and commi ee membershi p  
M/s. Orchid Pharma Limited 
Listed En  es from which the Director has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years  
M/s. Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
Number of mee ngs of the Board a ended 
during the year 2023-24  
9 of 9  
Details of remunera on drawn in FY23 -24  
 
Details of Remunera on sought to be paid  As set out in the Resolu on 
 
Rs. 3.55 Crores (Detailed explana on included in the Corporate 
Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report.
3142023-24
Annual Report
===== PAGE 318 =====
Reg. Oﬀ: “Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur,
Chengalpattu Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India”
Tel: (91)-44- 2744 4471/72/73 | Fax: (91)-44-28211002 | CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994
Email : corporate@orchidpharma.com, cs@orchidpharma.com | Web: www.orchidpharma.com 
