SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Aug_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 18

===== PAGE 1 =====
•• 
OrchidPharm~~ 
-- A Dhanuka Group Company ----------------------------------
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Symbol : ORCHPHARMA 
August 24, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumba i-400001 
Scrip Code: 524372 
Ref: (i) Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015 
(ii) SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-
POD2/1/3762/2026 dated January 30. 2026 
Sub: Transcript of Analystsl Investors Earning Call held with Public at large on 
August 21, 2026- Orchid Pharma Limited ("the Company") 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in continuation to our earlier intimation and submission dated August 17, 20 & 21, 
2026. 
In reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 and Sub- Para 15 of 
Para A, Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended read with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, 
please find enclosed herewith transcript of Analysts/ Investors Earning Call held with Public 
at large on Friday, August 21, 2026 on the financial performance/ financial results of the 
Company for the Quarter-I of Financial Year 2026-27, ended on June 30, 2026 and the same 
be read in conjunction with the Audio Recording submitted via our letter dated August 21, 
2026. 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the aforesaid transcript is being 
made available on the Company's website at htt ps:/Iw ww.o rchidpharma .com/in vesto rs 
You are requested to take the above on your record . 
Thanking You, 
For Orchid Pharma Limited 
Kapil Dayya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: F10698 
Encl.: as above 
+91-44-27 44 4471/72/73 corporat e@orchidpharma .com 
Registered Office: 
Orch id Pharma Limited 
Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A- 133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industr ial Estat e, 
Alathur, Chengalpattu Dist - 603 110, Tamil Nadu, India. 
orchidpharma.com CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994 
Corporate Office : 
15th Floor, Tower 1. DLF Corporate Greens, Sector 74A, 
Gurugram - 122004 , Haryana, India 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Orchid Pharma Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 21, 2026 
 
 
 
             
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH DHANUKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. MRIDUL DHANUKA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. NISHANT DALAL – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE – 
ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. KAPIL DAYYA – COMPANY SECRETARY – ORCHID 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MS. LOVELEEN BAGGA – SYSTEMATIX SHARES AND 
STOCKS 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Orchid Pharma Limited Q1 & FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Systematix Shares and Stocks. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportun ity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone.  
This conference call may contain forward -looking statemen ts about the company which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Loveleen Bagga from Systematix Shares and Stocks. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Loveleen. 
Loveleen Bagga: Thank you, Danish. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 earnings call of Orchid Pharma. We thank the Orchid Pharma 
management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Today we have with us the senior 
management of the company represented by Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director; Mr. 
Mridul Dhanuka, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Nishant Dalal, VP, Finance; and Mr. Kapil Dayya, 
Company Secretary.  
I will now hand over the call to the company management. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Dhanuka: Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Manish Dhanuka, Managing D irector of 
Orchid Pharma, and I welcome you to our discussion on the results for the first quarter of 
financial year '27. As you may be aware, on 10th of July, the merger with Dhanuka Laboratories 
became effective with an appointed date of 1st April 2024.  
Accordingly, the FY25 comparative and FY26 results have been restated to reflect the combined 
operations of Orchid Pharma and Dhanuka Laboratories. The financial numbers that we will 
discuss today are, therefore, on a combined and comparable basis. They will differ from the 
Orchid-only numbers discussed in earlier calls.  
As we had indicated in our last call, financial year '26 was a difficult year for cephalosporin 
business. It was among the most challenging environments our cephalosporin franchise has 
faced in the last 15 to 20 years. In a number of important products and  markets, both volumes 
and pricing were affected, with declines of 15% to 20% depending on the product.  
On a restated, combined basis, revenue from operations was INR1,233 crores for financial year 
'26 compared with INR1,398 crores for the financial year '25. After the first quarter, our focus 
was on protecting volumes and customer relationships in the challenging market. This involved 
accepting some pressure on margins, particularly because of product mix and pricing conditions.  
Consequently, combined gross margin moderated by approximately 4% to 32% in financial year 
'26 compared to approximately 36% in financial year '25. We remain disciplined on controllable 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
costs. Combined employee and other operating expenses were broadly flat at INR353 crores in 
FY26 compared with approximately INR353 crores in FY25. However, this cost discipline could 
only partially offset the effect of lower revenue and gross margin compression.  
Turning to the current quarter, we have begun financial year '27 on a better footing. Revenue 
from operations increased to INR304 crores in Q1 '27 from INR263 crores in corresponding 
quarter last year, representing growth of approximately 15%. Combined gross margin improved 
by approximately 3% points to 33% in Q1 '27 compared with approxima tely 30% in Q1 of '26. 
EBITDA improved to INR25 crores in Q1 of '27 compared with EBITDA of INR10 crores in 
Q1 of '26.  
Though we can see some improvement in sales over last year, we feel the industry is still facing 
overcapacities leading to cutthroat com petition. Our focus remains on growing volumes with 
discipline, improving product mix, maintaining tight control over operating costs, and 
progressively strengthening the underlying profitability of the combined platform.  
We have also started a number of focused integration projects to crystallize savings from this 
merger. We expect initial benefits of these initiatives to begin becoming visible in the next 
financial year. The AMS business continues to be managed with financial discipline. Its 
quarterly EBITDA drag has reduced significantly, while we continue to build the platform and 
its long-term strategic relevance in Antimicrobial Stewardship.  
I will now move to the operational and strategic updates on other businesses and projects. Let 
me begin with Exblifep. We continue to make measured progress in building Exblifep as a global 
commercial platform. In Russia, the estimated 10 -year value of our licensing arrangement is 
approximately USD178 million. This is an estimated long -term value and not current p eriod 
revenue. Execution will depend on registration, launch, and market development over time.  
In Europe, the business is growing at a steady manner whilst volumes grew by approximately 
300% in Q3 of '26, 170% in Q4 of '26, and about 50% in Q1 of '27. So, there is a significant Q-
by-Q growth in the volumes. We remain focused on building the business country -by-country 
rather than extrapolating early growth rates.  
In the Middle East and Africa, registration in South Africa has been completed. We now have 
coverage across the GCC markets. Planned launch activity in the region has been affected by the 
recent regional conflict, and timing of commercial rollout will depend on normalization of 
conditions in the Middle East.  
We continue to engage with potential partners in other markets and are at an advanced stage of 
discussion for South America, Mexico, Philippines, Thailand, Morocco, and Australia. These 
agreements will lead to large -scale availability of Exblifep across the globe. We are also in 
discussion with prospective candidates in US and China.  
Coming to cefiderocol, the project remains on schedule. Some equipment originally sourced 
from China had to be rerouted through Italy. While this created execution complexity, it has not 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
changed the overall project timelines. We target commissioning by December of '26, followed 
by validation and initial batches during January to March '27 period.  
Commercial launch will be subject to the approval process from DCGI. Separately, GARDP has 
floated a global RFP proces s for broader market access, and once they finalize the distributors 
in different countries -- as you know, 135 countries are entitled to get the product from GARDP 
-- we hope to start the supplies as per their progress in the agreements.  
Finally, on the 7-ACA project, our objective remains unchanged, commissioning and the first 
commercial batch by March of '27. This is among the largest and most complex fermentation 
projects being executed in the country. It's a critical backward integration project which  can 
provide the advantage of scale to Orchid, and we are putting our best efforts to execute the 
project successfully.  
More broadly, while the first quarter has shown improvement, it would be premature to assume 
a straight-line recovery. Pricing and demand conditions in our core markets remain competitive, 
and the benefits of merger synergies, product mix improvement, and new projects will emerge 
progressively rather than all at once.  
Our near-term priority is clear; protect and grow the core business with cost discipline, improve 
margins through volumes and product mix, and execute our capital projects safely and on time. 
Over the longer term, we remain constructive about the opportunities before us.  
The combined Orchid -Dhanuka platform, backward integr ation into 7 -ACA, the cefiderocol 
access project, Exblifep commercialization, and selective expansion into regulated finished dose 
markets create a more diversified set of value creation opportunities than the company had in 
the past.  
However, these oppor tunities will create value only through consistent execution. We will, 
therefore, remain focused on operational discipline, prudent capital allocation, regulatory 
compliance, timely project delivery, and transparent communication with all the stakeholders.  
Thank you for your continued trust and support in Orchid Pharma. We now welcome your 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Shashwat Vijay with SIC Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Shashwat Vijay: Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, sir, you are. Please go ahead. 
Shashwat Vijay: Yeah. Congrats for a good result. I just wanted -- I just have two questions. Firstly, it was that 
as you said that the industry pricing pressure cycle is still on. I wanted to understand what is the 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
management thinking? Will there be any margin recovery in H2 or will it take more time? Will 
it go to FY28? 
Manish Dhanuka: See, I believe that in the -- in the non -regulated market, the competition will continue, and 
generally, it depends on the cycle of demand. So, it's very difficult to predict in that -- in that 
area. But for us, what is important is the regulated market demand, which also is kind of cyclical, 
and we have seen that the quarter where we have more of the regulated products demand, that is 
much better. And I would consider this quarter as a med iocre in that terms. So, we hope in the 
next two, three quarters our demand for the regulated products will improve, and we can do 
better performance. 
Shashwat Vijay: Okay. And another one was that since the Jammu facility of 7 -ACA will, you know, start in  
February 2027, so I wanted to know what's the expected ramp-up curve and utilization trajectory 
for that facility? And how much will be the output be captive and how much will be a third-party 
sale? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Hi. So, our ramp-up plan is to go to about 80% to 100% by the end of the first year. Initially, it 
would be slow and then increasing progressively. With respect to utilization, our long -term 
guidance on this is 80% in-house use and 20% selling to third party. 
 Initially, the entire product would be used in-house as we develop customer approvals from the 
new site because it's a pharmaceutical product, so our customers would have GMP approval 
cycle. Once that starts, third-party sales can also start. 
Shashwat Vijay: Okay. Thank you. That's from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tarun Krishna with ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Tarun Krishna: Thank you for the opportunity. So, is it like exports of 7 -ACA from China to India is 
concentrated with two to three Chinese companies or is it like there are a lot of companies which 
export to India? And if you can name some of them. And another one, are you expecting them 
to drastically reduce their prices once our 7-ACA site is fully commissioned? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah, thanks for the question, Tarun. It's concentrated between three to four companies only. 
Not too many companies make this product. It's a complicated fermentation synthesis. The 
second question is with respect to price reduction. So, although you can't pred ict the Chinese, 
but what I believe is all the companies are now want to make profit. 
 It's different situation compared to what used to be 15, 20 years ago when the state was funding 
most of the companies. So, private enterprises want to make profit. The pricing in 7-ACA has 
been stable over the last 10 to 12 years. The weighted average is about USD60. So, we believe 
that there is not much room to reduce prices drastically. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, that's helpful. Can you name some of these Chinese companies as well? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Manish Dhanuka: So, there's a company called Sinopharm Weiqida. There's a company called Zhuhai United. Then 
there is Yili Pharmaceutical. And there's a company called Livzon Pharma. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, got it. And next one on commercializing Cefepime-Enmetazobactam. So, for the countries 
that we have signed the marketing partnerships with, will we be also manufacturing the products 
for those partners? 
Manish Dhanuka: So, we have acquired the asset from Allecra, and they already had a CMO in China.  They have 
a long-term agreement of providing the product from their CMO in China. So, the -- the supplies 
will start from that CMO itself, but we will have our margin in the supplies. 
 And we do have the right to start manufacturing, and as our cefiderocol project will get started, 
say, in the next year, then we will take validation batches and hopefully, after two years, we 
would be able to -- once we are able to register the product from our side, we would be able to 
supply some percentage from our side. That's our long-term plan. 
Tarun Krishna: So, currently, before -- we are not producing Cefepime-Enmetazobactam for the partners. It's 
fully imported… 
Manish Dhanuka: No, we are producing for our consumption for domestic market. We manufacture and supply to 
Cipla, and we sell in our own brand, Orblicef, in India. That is manufactured by us completely. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, so all the international sales of Cefepime-Enmetazobactam is from the third party? 
Manish Dhanuka: It will come from our CMO in China to  begin with. And slowly, we will -- we will, you know, 
get registration from our site and partially start to supply from here also. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, understood. Understood. And the next one on GCLE, so can we talk around where exactly 
is this product used in our value chain? And will commencement of our 7-ACA plant affect our 
procurement of GCLE? 
Manish Dhanuka: No, it will not. GCLE is used for different products and 7-ACA is used for different products. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, got it. And our share of business with Otsuka Chemicals has been increasing since the last 
5 years. So, what would be the reason for this? 
Manish Dhanuka: I am not really aware… 
Mridul Dhanuka: You are talking about from the related party report, are you reading from there? 
Tarun Krishna: Yes. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah. So, that is the procurement of GCLE largely that you can see there. So, it is dependent on 
the product demand. As we shared, last year, the numbers had significantly reduced due to 
overall demand reduction of 15% to 20%. So, that is why you see a decline in the overall value. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Tarun Krishna: Yeah, absolute value, yeah, but as if I take it as a percentage of our material cost, that number 
has been increasing since the last 5 years. That's the point I am coming to. 
Mridul Dhanuka: I am not sure which number you're reading from, so unfortunately, I cannot clarify further on 
this call. 
Manish Dhanuka: Actually, the prices also vary and the volumes vary depending on our demand, so that would 
have led to some changes. But as such, in a strategic alignment with Otsuka with respect to 
GCLE, there is no change. We procure our 100% GCLE from Otsuka. So, the value -- values 
may change depending on our demand and the pricing factor. 
Tarun Krishna: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishita: Yes. Hello, am I audible? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, Nishita. 
Nishita: Yeah. So, I just wanted to understand with the new facility coming and everything, what kind of 
capex have we budgeted for FY27? 
Manish Dhanuka: So, as such -- we have not considered very significant capex in the next financial year. In this 
financial year, we will be completing our projects of cefiderocol and 7-ACA. 
Mridul Dhanuka: So, the entire capex would be spent. 
Nishita: Okay. Can you quantify the capex? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah, it's already there in the presentation, but INR750 crore s is for the 7 -ACA project and 
USD20 million to USD25 million, I don't remember the crore s amount we have disclosed, for 
the cefiderocol project. 
Nishita: Okay, understood. And my next question is on -- so you mentioned that for regulated markets 
also, our demand is cyclical. So, like can you specify more like in which quarters do we have 
more demand? You mentioned that Q1 was mediocre in that sense. So, like if you could say, is 
H2 better for us in regulated markets? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, last year trend, we have seen that the second half is generally having more demand from 
the regulated. It's probably the winter season there. 
Nishita: Right, right. So, like can we expect the Q-o-Q growth to be better than in H2? Like in this in Q1, 
we had a 15% Q-o-Q growth. So, can we expect that growth number to be better in H2? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, we hope to have better sales on Q-o-Q basis. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Nishita: Okay. So, like if you could give some sort of guidance Y -o-Y, what sort of growth can we do 
for FY27, because we are going to have a Q -o-Q growth. So, I am assuming we can like -- can 
we achieve around 20% growth for the whole year? 
Manish Dhanuka: I don't think it will be prudent to give you any number at this time. 
Nishita: Okay. Okay, that's understandable. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhwanil Desai with Turtle Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. So, my first question is on the 7-ACA project, and I think in line 
with one of the earlier participants. So, what happened in Pen G with Aurobindo, you know, the 
way China dumped and the reduced prices, and we have seen that across many APIs where you 
start new capacity and try to take market share, China is just doing irrational pricing. So, do we 
have a plan B on that just in case if they decide to dump at a price which is not sustainable, what 
will happen to the capex investment, everything? Anything on that? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, I would say, rather than having plan B, we decided to have a good plan A. And that's the 
reason we went to Jammu, get some GST benefit, go into -- go to a state where the electricity 
cost is the cheapest in India, water is abundantly available, the boiler steam cost is lower due to 
available of abundant agricultural waste. 
So, and obviously, we are working aggressively towards improving our overall tighter 
concentration so that our yields can improve. Our pilot team, pilot plant team, is working towards 
that. I think the best you can do is use all your resources to improve efficiencies, and that is what 
our target is. 
Mridul Dhanuka: And when you compare with Pen G, what happened, Dhwanil, you know, we've talked about 
earlier in our other call, in Pen G, three of the large manufacturers came together and decided to 
collectively increase prices because they knew India could not buy from  anyone. And because 
they increased the prices from USD10, USD12 to USD30, USD40, they had that opportunity to 
crash the price.  
You can see the price crashing after PLI. But in 7-ACA, that joint cooperation or whatever you 
want to call it was never happened, and the prices have been stable. So, therefore, I said I don't 
see much room for China to drop the prices. But having said that, they are unpredictable. 
Sometimes other things can still happen. 
Manish Dhanuka: What he is trying to say is that even in Pen G, the Chinese have not dropped the prices to below 
pre-PLIs level. If you look at the prices of Pen G, the current prevailing prices are same as they 
were in 2019 or '20. So, because of the PLI, they had increased to probably create a war chest. 
They were preparing themselves to fight when the PLI companies start their production. And 
they brought it back to the normal level. 
Dhwanil Desai: Got it. Very clear. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Manish Dhanuka: Like Mridul said earlier also, now these companies are largely privatized, and  we don't know 
what future holds for us, but the intent is not as it used to be 20 years back to just flood the 
market. They want to work on a profitable model. That -- that's the general belief now for the 
Chinese companies, and we have seen in other products also. 
We believe that they are dumping the product, but whenever they reduce the price, they 
definitely have some cost advantage. So, we have changed -- at least I have changed my thinking 
about the Chinese. If I find that the Chinese are selling some thing cheaper, I would want to 
believe that their technology is better and I should look at my technology. That's my belief these 
days. 
Dhwanil Desai: Got it, sir. Got it, very clear. Sir, second question is, I think we have a technology partner and I 
think they also supply to the Chinese manufacturer. So, do we have only the process technology 
transfer, or the strain part also is given by them  because the yielding strain will make a lot of 
difference in terms of the end competitiveness? So, how is it working? 
Manish Dhanuka: We have a comprehensive agreement with them. They will handhold us during manufacturing 
process. They will support us in the production stabilization. They will continue to develop strain 
and provide with better strains when they come up with that, and they will help us in improving 
the technology over the years. They have some incentive to give us those improvements. 
Dhwanil Desai: Okay. Okay, got it. And last question, so, sir, with all this in place, typically, we've seen that 
fermentation product takes a longer time to ramp up. So, where are we today? And when you 
say commercial batch, I think that would be a very -- I mean, the first part of the ramp -up. But 
eventually, the stabilization will take, you know, what 12 to 15 months? Is that the timeline that 
you guys are working with? 
Mridul Dhanuka: We've guiding 12 months, but you know -- and I have said that again earlier that Aurobindo 
looking at other experience, it might be longer . Although we have, like Mr. Manish said, the 
technology partner with us all the way to make sure the risks are lesser. But it is something 
unpredictable, and we wait -- we'll have to wait to see what actually happens. 
We've been successfully been able to commercial -- scale up our existing pilot plant by 20x, and 
we have to another do about 800x from there to Jammu, but it's a little unpredictable. We still 
remain hopeful that we'll be able to reach full utilization in one year, by the end of one year. 
Dhwanil Desai: Okay. And we'll come to know the end out put is including in terms of quality, yield by March, 
right? That's a fair way to  -- so, 20 to 800x that you are talking about, that will happen in 
February, March of '27? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah, the first batch, yes. 
Dhwanil Desai: The first batch, yeah. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Dhwanil Desai: Okay, got it. Very clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rupesh Tatia with Long Equity Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatia: Hi, Manish. Hi, Mridul. First question is, some data you gave on vials. I don't know if it was for 
Enmetazobactam, so could you please just repeat that? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Which one? 
Rupesh Tatia: Russia? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah, USD178 million for Russia, that's what you are talking about? 
Rupesh Tatia: No, no, no, for vials. You gave some growth data, Q2 these many vials, Q3 these many vials, so 
what was that? So that data, if you can repeat it. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Europe number of vials growth data, we were just trying to talk about how the business is 
growing in Europe as more and more markets get added. So, in Q3 FY26, there was a 300% 
growth Q-o-Q, and in Q4, over Q3, it was 175%, and in Q1 FY27, there was a further 50% 
growth over that. So, as the volumes are increasing, we are seeing this J -curve continue to play 
out. That's what we were trying to shape. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. Okay. So, in -- now has Advanz Pharma launched the product in all the markets where it 
is registered? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Sorry? Advanz Pharma what? 
Rupesh Tatia: Have they launched in all the markets or are there still some markets where launch is pending? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Advanz Pharma is focused in Western Europe. Big five would be their largest markets, which is 
Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and UK. They've launched in all of those big five markets and 
some of the other Nordic countries. But for Eastern Europe, they will have B2B partnerships 
that they will forge. They have the license for full EU, but rest of the Eastern Europe, they've 
not made the partnerships to launch yet. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. Okay. And I mean, I don't know, at what point does this Advanz Pharma stream start 
becoming, you know, 5%, 10% of the revenue? Do you think it is FY28, FY29? 
Mridul Dhanuka: I would not guide on Advanz Pharma specific -- specifically becoming 10% of our revenue, 
although I would be happy to see that. So, our long -term guidance on this is remaining the 
USD1.1 billion to USD2 billion that we came up with in 2021.  
And looking at e ven the Russia numbers, we remain optimistic that the partners continue to 
believe that it's a viable asset. But to actually sell a product and get value out of it is a long-term 
thing, and things can change over time. So, it would be difficult to say the answer to your 
question. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. Okay. And Russia, what are the timelines for registration and commercial launch? 
Mridul Dhanuka: So, the agreement is just signed. We announced last month. And since that time, I think 
registration dossier submission and launch would take about 1.5 to 2 years. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. Now coming to cefiderocol, any update on trial waiver? How is that discussion going? 
Manish Dhanuka: Sorry? 
Rupesh Tatia: Trial waiver, right? DCGI, we have to do a trial for cefiderocol for launching in India, and I 
think we are hoping for a waiver on that. 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, that we will come to know only after we apply. So, as you know, there's a process -- there's 
a SEC committee that sits in DCGI after your application. So, we are  working with GARDP to 
engage the stakeholders in the utilization -- usefulness of the product and the strong unmet need 
in the country. But the actual result will come to know after the application. 
Rupesh Tatia: Is there any precedent for the waiver? 
Manish Dhanuka: Sorry? 
Rupesh Tatia: Is there any precedent for here, you know, DCGI has granted a waiver in the past? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah, yeah, our Cefepime-Enmetazobactam itself is a precedent. We got the waiver because the 
committee thought that the -- because of the antimicrobial resistance, the country needs new 
antibiotics. So, we ourselves have got this waiver, that's why we are more hopeful, actually. 
Rupesh Tatia: I see. Okay. And this GARDP RFQ, do you see any registration or regulatory approvals? How 
does that work because for 125 countries or just WHO enables you to supply to 125 countries , 
WHO certification? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah. So the overall target is that getting the WHO PQ. If you get WHO PQ, then the process 
of registration in many countries becomes very simplified. And when the product is distributed 
by non-profit organizations like CHAI and GARDP, then it becomes further, I would say, faster. 
So, our target is to file with the WHO Geneva and get the PQ. 
Rupesh Tatia: How much time does it take to get a PQ after filing? 
Manish Dhanuka: It takes 2 years, around 2 years. 
Rupesh Tatia: Around 2 years. 
Manish Dhanuka: We are banking on our sales in India, I think that will be our first market. 
Rupesh Tatia: First market, okay. And any update on US formulation strategy, I mean, any just summary maybe 
you can give where we are at? Where we will go in next 3, 4 quarters? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah. So, Rupesh, we just talked about that strategy first time last quarter, and the guidance is 
still 2030. I don't think there will be quarterly updates on that. We'll be sharing possibly annual 
updates on that only. So, things won't move much in Q-o-Q, quarter-to-quarter. 
Rupesh Tatia: But I mean, have you -- I don't know, have you started looking at the products? 
Mridul Dhanuka: No, no, the products are already identified and part of our presentation, which products we are 
going to launch. So, it's Cefta -avi, Ceftaroline, Ceftolozane-tazobactam, 3 new molecules, and 
three older molecules in Cefepime, Ceftriaxone, and Cefazolin. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. And where are we on ANDA filings, DMFs for those? Are we also looking for some 
distributors in the US? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yeah. Those will take time. For the generic molecules, we'll be using our Cefiderocol facility to 
file, so that will require taking validation batches, US FDA approval, filing, all of that, which 
will take few years' time. For the newer molecules, we'll be using a CMO to launch faster in the 
market, but nothing starts before 2028 sometime. Some of the new molecules might be filed by 
end of next year, but nothing before that. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. And what was the EBITDA loss for AMS division in quarter 1? Where do you see that 
for the full year? And how is the discussion to get distribution license for Cefiderocol? 
Manish Dhanuka: It was around INR50 lakhs for this quarter. 
Rupesh Tatia: Sorry? 
Manish Dhanuka: About INR50 lakhs for this quarter. The results were much better than the last quarter. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay, okay. And I mean, if you can share the number also, revenue number from that division? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. It was a revenue for AMS was INR5 crores. 
Rupesh Tatia: Cefiderocol distribution, I mean, whatever process license. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Cefiderocol is… 
Manish Dhanuka: No, not Cefiderocol. The Orblicef and we have couple of other brands that sales through AMS 
division was around INR5 crores or so. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. Cefiderocol is not launched 
Rupesh Tatia: Yeah, but eventually we are looking to become a distributor of cefiderocol, right?  
Manish Dhanuka: Yeah. 
Rupesh Tatia: When we launch, will we be the distributor? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. We are building this network for cefiderocol launch itself. That is the main purpose, and 
we are in advance discussion to finalize our distribution agreement with GARDP. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishita: Yeah, thank you for the follow-up question. So, I just -- if you could just reiterate, when are we 
going to, like, start commercial operations in both of our projects, 7 -ACA and Cefiderocol? I 
missed it, if you could just repeat that. 
Mridul Dhanuka: 7-ACA is March 2027, and Cefiderocol, facility would be ready by December, and first product 
approval will take 6 to 9 months from there for Cefiderocol approval in India depending on 
DCGI granting the clinical trial waiver. So, that would be Q3 of next financial year. 
Nishita: Right. So, 7-ACA revenue contribution we can see from FY28, right? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Correct. 
Nishita: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankur Chedda, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. Ankur, you may please proceed ahead with the question. Thank you. 
Ankur Chedda: Hello, sorry, yeah. Just one question, is there any risk to the PLI benefit due to the slippage in 
the timeline, or has that matter been settled with the government? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Manish Dhanuka: PLI, we'll probably be entitled for 2 years. Based on the current scenario, we'll be entitled for 2 
years. 
Ankur Chedda: Okay. So, any scope of getting extension on that? 
Manish Dhanuka: We will maybe try for extension only once the plant gets started. 
Ankur Chedda: Okay. And just one more qu estion on this NPNC business, which came from Dhanuka 
Laboratories. So, in this quarter, of this 350 revenue, what was the portion of NPNC business? 
Manish Dhanuka: We'll just come back. We'll check and come back. Just check. That's a relatively smaller part of 
the business as of now. 
Ankur Chedda: Okay. That's it from me. 
Moderator: Thank you. 
Manish Dhanuka: It's around INR20 crores, INR25 crores per quarter. For this particular quarter, we'll have to 
separately check and come back. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you s o much, sir.  Our next question comes from the line of Prat eek Shrivastava with 
Nivesh Wisdom. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Thank you for giving me this opportunity, sir. Sir, my question again is more broader. But 
beyond Cefiderocol or 7 -ACA, what are like the 5 target products that are probably furthest 
along in the filing and approval process, sir? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Sorry, I did not understand your question, Prateek. Can you repeat? 
Prateek Shrivastava: Beyond cefiderocol, what are like the  5 to 6 target products which probably are furthest along 
in the filing or approval process, sir? 
Manish Dhanuka: So, there is -- I mean, it depends on which market you are talking about. Like, we have recently 
launched this product called Ceftaroline in India, and our brand is called ORTA RO. This is a 
molecule which was only provided by Pfizer, and they have -- they are trying to withdraw this 
product from India because probably their cost -- manufactured in Europe is not viable. So, like 
that is one product which we will slowly manufacture and export to other ROW countries. And 
if you are talking about the U .S. market, that is one product, Ceftaroline, which we plan to file 
ANDA. And of course, Ceftazidime-avibactam combination is another product that we wish to  
file in the regulated markets. 
Then after that, in the pipeline is a molecule called Ceftolozane and Tazobactam. That is in our 
R&D stage at this point of time. So, we feel these are couple of molecules which are going off 
patent in the injectable space, and relatively there are less number of players who can 
manufacture such complex molecules, first of all, and less number of regulated market facilities 
for the cef-injectables. We feel that will give a significant edge to Orchid in the coming years. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Correct. Thank you, sir. And another one more question on the Enmetazobactam, sir. I think 
you, if I am right, you mentioned that $1 billion to $2 billion lifetime sales potential with peak 
at around, year four to five post launch. So, and I think we are active in India, but any other  
markets or regulated markets today we are active with this product? And what could be the 
realistic revenue contribution from this for FY27? 
Mridul Dhanuka: No, Prat eek, we don't give yearly numbers guidance on  this. The $1  billion to $2 billion is 
lifetime sales, not the fourth year or the fifth year sale. And besides India, it's already selling in 
Europe, and GCC is approved, which is the Middle East market, and South Africa is approved. 
Launching would be short, shortly it would be launched.  
And like Mr. Manish explained in his speech, we are talking to several markets in Latin America, 
Southeast Asia, U .S., China, to launch it in other geography. We hope that by end of this 
financial year, it would be launched in three, four agreements would be in place for three, four 
more places, out of those. 
Pratik Shrivastava: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir, and all the best for future. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vishal Manchanda with Systematix. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Manchanda: Yes. Hi, good evening, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. On 7 -ACA, have we seen any 
material price changes on a quarter-over-quarter basis? 
Manish Dhanuka: No, it's pretty stable for last one year. 
Vishal Manchanda: And on our final APIs like Cefixime, Cefuroxime, are they also stable? 
Manish Dhanuka: Cefixime is the one having maximum pressure. Cefuroxime and other 7 -ACA-based, 
fortunately, seem to be more stable compared to Cefixime. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. But on Cefixime, would that spreads be narrowing or the spreads remain the same? 
Manish Dhanuka: Cefixime does not start from 7-ACA. That starts from Pen G and GCLE. 
Vishal Manchanda: Yes, but the spreads are kind of going down or they remain as they are? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes, Cefixime as a product is under maximum stress with respect to margins. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. And is it so for even the regulated markets or it's only for the rest of world markets? 
Manish Dhanuka: It's for the rest of the world market is where the volumes are huge and that's where the pressure 
comes from. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. Anything that we're doing to kind of get reduce our dependence on this product, since this 
is Pen G derived and we're not backward integrated there? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes, I mean, we are trying to work on other products, and we have couple of other products that 
we manufacture in Dhanuka. We are trying to create a situation where we remain the sole player 
of those products. Our focus, our strategy is completely different from our competitors, who are 
more focused on the volume busines s. We are more focused on the value -based business and 
more of a diversified portfolio. 
If you see the competitors in cephalosporin right now, we are the only company which can make 
about 20 to 25 products, whereas the others, they make three or four produ cts and focus on the 
volume. So, our strategy per se as a cephalosporin player is completely different from our 
competitors in India. And how it plays out, I mean, tha t is the reason we, I mean, we could see 
that the generic business of cephalosporin API is going to become a low -margin business, and 
that is the reason we sought to go for a backward integration and a forward integration.  
And in that mission only, we decided to set up 7-ACA and the injectable facilities. So, we think 
we are trying to de -risk ourselves from the traditional API business, which is becoming more 
competitive. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vishal Manchanda: So, post like once you have 7-ACA, is there like Ceftriaxone is potentially another large market 
within the cephalosporin space. So, would we , is there an opportunity for us to scale up there 
and kind of, and kind of scale up quickly there in a shorter timeframe? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes, that's our plan. So, for Ceftriaxone, not just sterile, we would be supplying to all other 
players like Aurobindo and other sterile players in India the non -sterile part, which they are 
currently importing from China. So, the market is not just our own sterile product, but our 
competitors also become our customers. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. So you will supply the non-sterile version, not the sterile version? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes, absolutely. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. But would you have capacities to sell the sterile version too? Your sterile , are th ere 
adequate capacities if you want to do that? 
Manish Dhanuka: I would not say our sterile can completely consume our 7 -ACA capacity, but we are re -
engineering our non -sterile capacity so that we are able to convert the product and supply the 
non-sterile. I think that is a better model rather , you see, I mean, selling a sterile product needs 
an approval process, which is more long drawn. So, it would make more sense to work with our 
other players in India. Then there are three, four players, they can take large part of your volume 
production, rather than getting approval process in 200, 300 customers. It's better to collaborate 
with these four manufacturers of sterile who already have the capacity and who already have 
worldwide approvals. So, I don't see much benefit of competing and creating overcapacity. We 
would rather collaborate with them. 
Vishal Manchanda: Understood. Understood. And sir, on Zavicefta, you had once indicated you have been trying to 
do a non -infringing route for an early launch in Europ e. Is that work under progress, and any 
timelines to that? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. I mean, we have customers who are taking this product for us for their own development. 
We also have plans to take our own validation batches and file in Europe. And the U .S. plan, 
although unfortunately last filing had some objections, we still continue to have plans to re-file, 
and that is going on. 
Vishal Manchanda: The filing should be, should happen this year for in the U.S. for Zavicefta? 
Manish Dhanuka: I am hoping maybe validation batches maybe this year or early next year, and then six months 
for filing. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rupesh Tatia with Long Equity Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatia: Yes, hi, hi. Thanks for follow -up. One question on 7 -ACA, there is this, what do you say, 
cancellation of VAT, VAT refund, so has that, is that applicable for 7-ACA manufacturers also 
in China? 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  August 21, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Mridul Dhanuka: Sorry, I am not sure what you're talking about. 
Rupesh Tatia: In, in relation of battery, sorry in battery  or solar, in a host of other industries, Chinese 
government used to give a tax refund to the manufacturers, and then government now is 
canceling the refund from April for some industries, April, some industries January, like that.  
So, my question is where 7 -ACA manufacturers in China getting this refund, and is it now 
getting canceled? 
Manish Dhanuka: Honestly, not aware about this. We heard that slowly the VAT refunds are getting reduced, but 
not aware exactly of this. 
Rupesh Tatia: Okay. Okay. And another question is, what was the sale of, NP-NC segment in maybe last year 
or this quarter? And any, sorry high-value APIs that you're working on in NP-NC? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. So, this quarter sales was INR21 crores, and we are working on a couple of molecules. We 
are also planning to scale up and backward integrate in these molecules also. 
Rupesh Tatia: So, that launch would be this year, next year? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes, I mean, it's a continuous process, you see, in synthetic. You cont inue to introduce new 
products. It's not something, I would not say it's a news that we would want to discuss on a large 
scale, yes. It's an incremental improvement that you continue to do in NP -NC synthetic. You 
have to keep working either by increasing c apacities or introducing new products, so we keep 
evaluating which options are better at any point of time. 
Rupesh Tatia: But I mean, will it become, let's say, 20%, 25% of our revenue in three, four years? 
Manish Dhanuka: 25%, no. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, team. 
Manish Dhanuka: Thank you. We thank you dear investors for your continued interest in Orchid Pharma. We value 
your input and feedback. Thanks once again for your participation. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Systematix Shares and Stocks, that 
concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 