[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
Orchid Pharma Limited Regd. Office: Plot Nos. 121-128, 128A-133, 138-151, 159-164, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Alathur, Chengalpattu Dist.- 603110, Tamil Nadu, India  
Phone: (91)-44- 2744 4471/72/73                 Email: Corporate@orchidpharma.com                     Website: www.orchidpharma.com           CIN: L24222TN1992PLC022994                                         
 
November 17, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001 
                                
 Symbol: ORCHPHARMA          Scrip Code: 524372 
 
Ref: (i) Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
       (ii) SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 
                 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/ Investors Earning Call held with Public at large on     
November 11, 2025- Orchid Pharma Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier intimation and submission dated November 05 & 11, 
2025. 
 
In reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 and Sub- Para 15 of 
Para A, Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended read with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of Analysts/ Investors Earning Call held with Public at large on 
Tuesday, November 11, 2025 on the financial performance/ financial results of the Company 
for the Quarter-II and half year ended on September 30,  2025 and the same be read in 
conjunction with the Audio Recording submitted via our letter dated November 11, 2025. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the aforesaid transcript is being 
made available on the Company’s website at  
https://www.orchidpharma.com/invr_conferencecalls.html  
 
Furthermore, it is confirmed that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/ 
discussed during the aforesaid Analysts/ Investors Earning Call. 
You are requested to take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Orchid Pharma Limited  
 
 
 
  
Kapil Dayya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: F10698 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Orchid Pharma Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. MANISH DHANUKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR– 
 O RCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 M R. MRIDUL DHANUKA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
 O RCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 M R. SUNIL KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ORCHID PHARMA LIMITED 
 M R. KAPIL DAYYA – COMPANY SECRETARY – ORCHID 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: M R. VISHAL MANCHANDA – SYSTEMATIX 
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Orchid Pharma Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Vishal Manchanda. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Manchanda: Thank you, Heena. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I 
welcome you to the Q2 FY26 earnings call of Orchid Pharma. We thank the Orchid Pharma 
management for giving us an opportunity to host the call today. We have with us the senior 
management of the company represented by Mr. Manish Dhanuka, Managing Director; Mr. 
Mridul Dhanuka, Whole Time Director; Mr. Sunil Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Kapil Dayya, Company Secretary.  
I now hand over the call to the company management for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Dhanuka: Thank you, Vishal. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Manish Dhanuka, Managing 
Director of Orchid Pharma Limited and I welcome you to our discussion on the results for the 
second quarter of financial year 2026. First, we go to the financial performance. For the Q2 
'26, our sales stood at INR194 crores, representing a decline of around 13% year-on-year.  
However, when compared sequentially, this quarter marks a modest improvement over Q1 of 
'26 of around 13% Global margins for the quarter stood at 32% compared to 43% in the 
previous quarter. We have faced a dual setback this year. As you may recall from our last call, 
we had decided to not chase volumes aggressively in Q1 and had instead held back material 
expecting that market prices might recover in the following quarter.  
Unfortunately, that recovery did not happen. As prices continue to remain weak, we eventually 
sold the higher-priced inventory that we were carrying at the prevailing market rates. 
Additionally, we increased our sales in emerging markets once it became clear that volumes 
and prices were unlikely to recover.  
In emerging markets, where price realizations tend to be lower, this further impacted 
profitability. Together, these factors led to significant reduction in gross margins. EBITDA for 
the quarter was INR6 crores compared to INR14 crores for the last quarter, primarily due to 
the margin compression and inventory revaluation. The AMS division sales have grown by 
40% since last quarter, although on a very low base.  
The drag from AMS division continues, however, reducing on a quarterly basis. Now a brief 
discussion on market environment. The broad antibiotics market remains under severe strain. 
The downturn that began in the first quarter has persisted and in some segments, even 
deepened.  
Our analysis of exports out of India show that for this quarter, the overall quantity of 
antibiotics exports fell by 26% year-on-year compared to a 23% decline in the previous 
[[PAGE 4]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
quarter. While export value dropped by 36% compared to 37% in Q1. This persistent decline 
clearly indicates that there is no real recovery either in volume or in price. The situation is 
similar in China.  
Our market sources there indicate that both domestic demand and export activity have slowed 
in China sharply for the Cephalosporin-based antibiotic. In summary, we continue to face one 
of the most prolonged and broad-based slowdowns the global antibiotics industry has seen in 
the past decade. 
 A brief discussion on some strategic initiatives. Coming to our strategic initiatives, I am 
pleased to announce that following our update last quarter on Allecra's insolvency and the 
resulting uncertainty around Orchid's royalty stream, the acquisition of global rights to 
Enmetazobactam and the trademark Exblifep has now been formally completed. This is a 
transformative development for Orchid.  
It gives us full control over the regulatory and commercial strategy for this innovative 
antibiotic worldwide. According to our estimates, this asset should lead to an economically 
significant revenue and profits for Orchid as we will now try to out-license the product in 
multiple markets across the world.  
All future economic benefits, including the double-digit royalties from Advanz in Europe will 
now accrue directly to us. 
 Globally, Exblifep has already been licensed in Europe, MENA markets, and price approvals 
in five largest EU markets, that is Germany, France, Spain, Italy and U.K. are expected to be 
completed by the end of this calendar year, which should bring in the sales. At the recent CPHI 
event, we held multiple discussions for further licensing opportunities.  
While it is too early to announce details, we hope to share concrete progress on one or more 
new licensing arrangements in the coming quarters. Orblicef. Our domestic demand for our 
brand, Orblicef continues to perform well. In fact, we have exceeded our 1-year target, 
supported by our partnership with Cipla and the strong field presence of our AMS division.  
Prescriber acceptance remains encouraging, and we see this as a stable and growing segment 
for Orchid in the Indian hospital antibiotics space. Antimicrobial stewardship. The AMS 
division continues to expand its engagement with hospitals and clinicians focusing on 
responsible antibiotic use and AMR awareness.  
While still in the investment phase, it is helping position Orchid as a trusted partner in critical 
care antibiotics. This platform will also be a key success factor in launch and scale-up of 
Cefiderocol in India, given its specialized positioning and the hospital-based prescriber 
audience. 
 Now on to the projects. The 7ACA project continues to progress in line with our revised time 
lines. I am pleased to share that all fermentals have been erected. This is a critical engineering 
milestone for the project. Other major equipment has started arising. We are modifying our 
[[PAGE 5]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
project execution strategy to ensure delays in civil construction due to -- do not slow down 
other parallel activities. 
 Despite setbacks due to unprecedented rain in the region, we continue to target mechanical 
completion as announced earlier. Once operational, this facility will strengthen Orchid's API 
manufacturing base, reduce import dependency and deliver long-term cost synergies. 
Cefiderocol project. The building structure is nearly complete on this project and equipment 
deliveries have begun.  
We are on track for production readiness by Q4 of '26. Operational discipline, even as we 
invest in new projects and differentiated products, operational discipline remains central to our 
approach. Maintaining cost stability in an inflationary environment while safeguarding 
margins in a declining market continues to be our key focus. 
 Persistent volume and price pressure in antibiotics continues to weigh on revenues. At this 
stage, we see no signs of revival in the current financial year. However, our priorities for the 
second half of the financial year '26 remain very clear to us. Finalize licensing deals for 
Exblifep in new geographies, ensure fast track progress on both projects, continue business 
development efforts. 
While maintaining a wait-and-watch approach on the global demand recovery and maintain 
our frugal management strategy, build volumes and credibility in hospital sales through AMS 
division initiatives. With the regained control of Enmetazobactam, a strong domestic hospital 
franchise and major projects under execution, Orchid remains positioned to withstand short-
term headwinds and prepare for long-term growth. Thank you for your attention. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Vishal from Systematix Shares Group. 
Vishal: Sir, as you said, Enmetazobactam is showing a good uptake in India. If you could quantify 
something around this in terms of number of patients or probably value of how is it shaping 
up? 
Manish Dhanuka: So around 15,000 patients have been treated, and we would have sold how many vials -- 
200,000-plus vials have already been sold, Cipla and ourselves combined. With respect to our 
sales, we are looking at good month-on-month progress, around 10% to 20% few months we 
get the incremental sales of Orblicef. So we are even planning to expand our areas and we 
have started selling -- we have started our enrolment of our employees for the East also. We 
were already present in South, West and North. Now we are going to start operations in East 
from Kolkata. 
Vishal: Sir, do we have capacities to take further volumes? I hope that's not a constraint here? 
Manish Dhanuka: That is not a constraint. So we manufacture API at Orchid Pharma, we have sufficient 
capacity. And the CMO from where we are getting the vials also has sufficient capacity. 
[[PAGE 6]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Vishal: Sir, would INR20,000 per patient cost be a fair assumption on Enmetazobactam India. So not 
from a retail point of view, but would this be a fair assumption from a manufacturer point of 
view, realization? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Vishal, we will not be able to share that number. I can share the retail number. It is 20 vials per 
patient with INR1,700 price. So INR34,000 per patient is the treatment cost at retail level. 
Company level margins are complicated, so we'll not be able to share that. 
Vishal: Okay. And sir, again, with respect to Enmetazobactam, as you said, your pricing negotiations 
have just completed for the large -- the top 5 countries in Europe, including U.K. So does that 
mean there is no sales that we are realizing that Advanz Pharma is realizing as of now in 
Europe or is that the way to look at it? 
Mridul Dhanuka: So some market sales have already started. So the 5 largest market of Europe, we just 
summarized will happen. Germany was the first one to start 1 year ago. Their sales are 
happening. Spain, Italy and France have started this quarter or will start by the end of this 
quarter country by country. And U.K. had started last quarter. 
Vishal: Okay. So any sense if you -- do you have a number as to what would be the Europe sales as of 
now? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. I think we'll have the number by the next quarter. We've just completed the closure. So 
we are now in official contact with all the customers and licensees. So we should start getting 
the data shortly. So from next quarter, we'll be able to possibly report some numbers. 
Vishal: And do you think it's going to kind of -- any sense on directionally, how is it shaping up? Like 
can this be a very healthy product just looking at Europe alone? 
Manish Dhanuka: So we had a discussion with Advanz Pharma. They seem positive about the molecule from 
whatever they have seen. But it takes a little bit of time to develop doctors' confidence plus 
getting approvals from the countries separately. Hopefully, in the next calendar year, we 
should be able to get the genuine sense. But from whatever response we have got in India, the 
efficacy of molecule seems good. And hopefully, if our partner markets it properly, we expect 
good returns. 
Vishal: Just a clarity on the India part, 15,000 patients, is it for this year or so far till date since this 
drug has been launched? 
Manish Dhanuka: It was launched last October only. So just 1 year has just been completed. 
Vishal: Okay. And the traction, there is a month-over-month positive traction that you can see, while 
this is -- this would be a seasonal product, right? Or this is not a seasonal product? 
Manish Dhanuka: Not really. It's -- I mean, your lung cases increase, but not significantly seasonal, I would say. 
The major indication is the urinary tract infection, plus hospital-acquired pneumonia. So I 
would not say it has any seasonality. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ankur Chadda, an individual investor. 
[[PAGE 7]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Ankur Chadda: I just wanted to know what do you think is leading to the decline in the demand? And is it just 
an oversupply problem? And if you could just let us know like globally, how is the 
Cephalosporin market as a whole growing? Is it like growing at a certain sort of rate year-on-
year or is it declining? 
Manish Dhanuka: So there are different factors according to us. Like as I said in the speech, the export analysis 
shows that the overall sales from India to overall exports from India has declined. So that does 
not indicate any supply issue with respect to the pricing. It's actually a demand issue, I would 
say. So there is a decline in demand. 
 And when we talk to our customers also, they feel that some reasons could be that last 3 years 
had shown very good growth. So some of our customers were anticipating the same this year, 
and they had probably taken a lot of inventories and because they could not liquidate those 
inventories or did not see the same growth. So they did not purchase the APIs' raw materials, 
which led to less demand at our end. 
 And secondly, I feel that sometimes it depends that the season did not come out. One of the 
countries, some customers said that the season -- the flu season did not come out this year. 
Some countries have slightly clamped down on the misuse of antibiotics. So that would have 
reduced to some demand.  
In some countries, the government wants to reduce its health care expenditure. So again, they 
are trying to reduce antibiotic consumption. It's multiple factors, partly geopolitical factors 
with all the wars going on. Russia is a big market. There are some uncertainty lies. So I think 
there are multiple factors at play. Difficult to point out to one single factor. 
Mridul Dhanuka: But if you see the innovative molecules, which are there, Ceftaroline, Cefiderocol, 
Ceftazidime, Avibactam, all of those which are in innovation stage are showing healthy growth 
globally. So resistance is a continued problem, and it is not that new class of antibiotics is there 
and suddenly infection will not happen. So we don't see any structural change yet. Right now, 
it is still market factors combined with all the cases Mr. Manish explained. 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. Cephalosporin remains the most favorite class of antibiotics, and that much we are sure 
that it has not been replaced by any other class or any new molecule. So that threat is not there. 
Ankur Chadda: Okay. So structurally, I mean, I remember seeing a presentation from Orchid Pharma maybe 
four or six quarters ago, where you had mentioned that Cephalosporin as a market has been 
growing annually at 5% to 8%. I can't remember the exact number. But do you foresee this 
structural growth trend to continue going forward? Or looking at how things have shaped up 
this year, you think that might not be feasible? 
Manish Dhanuka: This year would be difficult to predict. But in the long run, markets in Asia and Africa 
definitely should grow as more and more people get access to health care. In the regulated 
markets, which are fully mature, it would be difficult to say that this kind of growth will be 
there. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Aashita Jain from Nuvama. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Aashita Jain: Sir, a couple of questions. Firstly, on the pricing part that you mentioned. Is this only related to 
emerging markets or are you also seeing pricing issues in the developed market as well? 
Manish Dhanuka: So I believe we have been able to maintain the regulated market prices for last 2 quarters. But 
the threat always remains, the regulatory customers also get a sense of reduced prices. So they 
do start asking for reduced prices. The only positive thing is that there is some -- there is a 
reduction in the raw material prices also. So we have to evaluate that we don't give more than 
what we are getting benefit out of raw materials. 
Aashita Jain: So is it fair to assume that the current gross margin that we are seeing in the coming quarters 
should see the benefit of the lower raw material cost inventory in the coming quarters? 
Manish Dhanuka: That's what we are hoping for because partly it is the revaluation of the inventory on the basis 
of lower raw material costs and also liquidation of high-value inventory. That's what we are 
hoping. 
Aashita Jain: Understood. And thirdly, is it possible to quantify the drag from your AMS division in this 
quarter? And what are the expected breakeven time lines for this division? 
Manish Dhanuka: It comes around INR1.8 crores per quarter, I think. 
Aashita Jain: Negative, right? Drag. 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. Negative. 
Mridul Dhanuka: It used to be INR6 crores. It comes to about INR1.8 crores this quarter. 
Aashita Jain: And how are -- when are we expecting this division to breakeven for us? 
Mridul Dhanuka: So I think next year should be breakeven definitely. 
Manish Dhanuka: So we are looking at this division as an investment. You see our -- I would say that if I have to 
consider just my sales team, I'm hopeful that maybe in the fourth quarter of this financial year 
itself, we can be breakeven. But I'm looking at it from the investment point of view because we 
have engaged a lot of doctors. 
And scientists who are engaged in the antimicrobial stewardship program, which is basically 
our -- you can say, show window to GARDP and Shionogi for launching of Cefiderocol, which 
will be run on the AMS program only. So this is an investment for launching of Cefiderocol, I 
would say. But the Piperacillin can be breakeven by last quarter of this financial year. 
Aashita Jain: Understood. And on Allecra, are there any numbers in the current quarter or any one-off 
related to the acquisition in this quarter? And how should we see Allecra merger into our 
numbers going forward? 
Manish Dhanuka: I think we'll get the sales data from this quarter onwards, right? We have just finished the 
acquisition. The sales data will come to us -- December quarter sales data will come to us 
directly. Then we will have some. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Mridul Dhanuka: So to answer your question till September, nothing is built in the financial P&L. 
Aashita Jain: Understood. But no one-off related to the acquisition cost or anything of that sort related? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes, because all of that would be capitalized mostly. So nothing appearing in the P&L. 
Aashita Jain: Okay. Understood. And just two last things. One, on the Enmetazobactam for the U.S. market, 
how are we thinking for this drug and for the U.S. in terms of out-licensing? And secondly, 
just an update on the Dhanuka Labs merger. These are the last two questions from my side. 
Mridul Dhanuka: On the U.S. market, since we have just completed the acquisition, there were several 
discussions during CPHI. We are hopeful to sign a potential deal in the next 12 months. That 
would be our key target. And with respect to Dhanuka Labs merger, we have the next hearing 
in the last week of November. Hopefully, it would be passed by the courts. Right now, they 
have asked for report from government department, which should come in the last week, and 
this merger would be completed. 
Manish Dhanuka: And I'd just like to add that there is a difference between what strategy Allecra was following. 
They were only considering the regulated markets for licensing, whereas we feel that a large 
chunk of population lives in the nonregulated markets, and there is scope for this molecule in 
those markets also, considering our experience in India.  
So we are also talking to companies across the globe, even Latin America, some Southeast 
Asian countries, which were not under consideration by Allecra. So we hope we can do 
multiple small licensing deals in these countries, and that can add to both top line and the 
bottom line. So U.S. is not the only market available to us. We are looking at multiple markets. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Viraj Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Viraj Shah: All of my questions have been answered. Just one question. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, but you are not at all audible to us. Please increase your volume. It's low. 
You need to increase it. 
Viraj Shah: Am I audible now? 
Moderator: Yes, you sound loud and clear now. 
Viraj Shah: Okay. Perfect. So all of my questions have been answered. Just one question on the debt side. 
From March right now, the debt has increased by INR1,000 crores. So can you help me with 
that as to where has been the allocation for that? 
Sunil Gupta: Debt has been increased by INR1,000 crores? 
Mridul Dhanuka: I think there's some misunderstanding. It's not -- debt cannot increase by INR1,000 crores. 
Sunil Gupta: Yes. It is not there. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Mridul Dhanuka: So I think there is some misunderstanding. It is not INR1,000 crores. We'll just get you the 
numbers. 
Sunil Gupta: See, debt is only INR47 crores. 
Viraj Shah: Okay. My bad. Got it. Fine. That's it from my side. All of my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: Mr. Mridul, are you there? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. His questions had been answered he said, right? 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. 
Sanjay Kumar: I have some basic questions on -- some technical questions on the 7ACA project. So do we 
make Cephalosporin C, that's Ceph C in-house fermentation and then do the enzymatic 
conversion to get 7ACA or do we buy Ceph C? 
Mridul Dhanuka: No, no, it will be made in-house. 
Sanjay Kumar: Fermentation will be made in-house. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. 
Sanjay Kumar: Okay. And then we'll do chemical conversions to get 7ADCA,7ACCA or those also will be 
enzymatic conversion? 
Mridul Dhanuka: So it's process to process, it would depend what intermediate we are making. Some are 
enzymatic, some are chemical, but those would be done in Orchid facility. The 7ACA requires 
only enzymatic. 
Manish Dhanuka: So to answer your question, CPC, Ceph C will be made by fermentation, and it will be 
enzymatically converted to 7ACA. 
Sanjay Kumar: Got it. Okay. And extension to that, so some of the beta-lactamase inhibitors, say, our own 
Enmetazobactam, Sulbactam, they're all made in the penicillin side of things, where you start 
with 6-APA and then do pen G and then go on downwards. So do we plan to do that also in the 
future once we once we have capabilities for fermentation? 
Manish Dhanuka: No. As of now, we don't plan because we are not manufacturing pen G. And those are 
synthetic products. They don't give you any significant leverage over time. 
Sanjay Kumar: Got it. Okay. And are there any other fermentation adjacencies that you're looking at? 
Manish Dhanuka: Right now, our focus is these two projects, Cefiderocol, selling our products in hospital, trying 
to be part of the B2C sphere in Indian pharma industry and backward integration in 7ACA. 
And I think I am hopeful that a significant revenue stream will be generated from the out-
licensing of Exblifep. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sagar Arya from Xponent Tribe. 
[[PAGE 11]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Sagar Arya: I have a few questions. Starting with the base business, obviously, we've seen margins -- gross 
margin grow to about 32% because of inventory situation and assuming pricing as well. Now 
at least with the inventory situation almost behind us, when do we expect these margins to -- 
the gross margins normalize to 40% to 43%? Is it something that you anticipate could happen 
over the next couple of quarters itself or are you anticipating a longer period for this reversal? 
Manish Dhanuka: It would not be correct to give you exact guidance. Yes, we still need to see the recovery and 
the demand from our regulated customers. They are the ones who take this margins on a higher 
side. So that still needs to be evaluated. It would not be right to give you a confirmation on this 
at this time. 
Sagar Arya: Sure. But do we have any indicative sense on when will the inventory at the customer end may 
also clear up? Or is this something that we'll only find out with time? 
Manish Dhanuka: Generally, all Western customers, they -- after the Christmas only, they evaluate their demand, 
coming demand. Work would be less in November, December in the Western countries. 
Sagar Arya: Okay. And what are the numbers for Dhanuka Lab. I'm assuming that business may also have 
been impacted because of the current situation. So what revenue and EBITDA are we looking 
at there for the first half? 
Manish Dhanuka: Yes. So first half sales was INR196 crores in Dhanuka. That's there also around 25% reduction 
in sales. It's the same. I think the trend remains across the industry. 
Sagar Arya: And what EBITDA did we do in Dhanuka for the first half? 
Manish Dhanuka: I don't have the EBITDA, it's non-listed. I would not have the EBITDA ready in this. 
Sagar Arya: Okay. I think in the last call on Enmetazobactam, you mentioned, correct me if I'm wrong, that 
you will be getting royalties from August onwards for the sales of the product. Is that still the 
case that we will get royalties or will start royalty now post this acquisition materializing? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. So the economic effect will be effect from 1st of August. So since the acquisition is 
completed now, we will get all of that data and then we will know what number was there 
actually with effect from 1st of August. But since the sale are very minimum, as we explained, 
the price approvals are still happening, the relevant numbers will start flowing in only from the 
next financial year. 
Sagar Arya: Understood. Understood. And did you also get a sense on why Allecra was not able to find a 
buyer in U.S. because obviously, it's been approved since Feb 24, right? Were there any 
specific reasons they couldn't find a buyer? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Nothing specific is available. Most of the people who were involved in that [inaudible 0:33:21] 
Allecra had left due to the bankruptcy. So we were not even able to communicate with them 
when the insolvency has started. Talking to market participants, what we have given to 
understand is Allecra's expectation was this to be a, I don't know, maybe $1 billion kind of a 
[[PAGE 12]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
number, and the other side did not think it's that big. So maybe a valuation mismatch kind of 
thing was there. But we don't have any details. These are just, you can say, rumors. 
Sagar Arya: And you said that we'll get hopefully a partner in the next 12 months. That seems to be fairly 
conservative, right? I mean, for a patented product, which I'm assuming has a decent potential. 
Should we not be targeting to get a partner up and be really aggressive at least on this front? 
Mridul Dhanuka: So because we have to start from scratch, any large investment, anybody would be invested 
millions of dollars to get the product to market, set up the sales team. These kind of deal 
negotiations take time. So obviously, our interest is to do earlier and like Mr. Manish 
announced, possibly before the U.S., we will be able to announce a few deals. So we are 
working across the globe, not just U.S. but finding a relevant partner and actually getting the 
product on market, all of these things will take time. 
Sagar Arya: And what would be a realistic expectation to get a U.S. partner at least? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Yes. 
Sagar Arya: The communication, I'm assuming would be going on already, right? You must be talking to. 
Mridul Dhanuka: Completed. We could not have said the acquisition is complete till it was complete, right? So it 
will start now. Yes. 
Sagar Arya: Okay. And do you have any updated -- I mean, any sense on -- you've often spoken in the past 
that this could be a $250 million product. Is there any change in that number on the lower side 
or higher side? Any more sense on how large can this molecule be? 
Mridul Dhanuka: At this stage, no. Hopefully, once we have a few more licensing deals, that should give us the 
confidence to come up with a forecast. Maybe by the end of this financial year, when we are 
sharing the end year numbers, maybe we might have something. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. 
Sanjay Kumar: Sir, my question is on Allecra and Advanz partnership that they signed for Europe. Do you still 
think Advanz is the right company to take Enmetazobactam to the market there in Europe? 
Because if you look at other drugs, all the other last-line antibiotics, they do well in Europe 
than U.S. Of course, there is antibiotics towards the U.S. which restricts the market in U.S. So 
far, are you happy with Advanz performance? Can we renegotiate the exclusivity, can you 
look for another partner in Europe? Because in my mind, at least is a bigger market than U.S. 
for last-line antibiotics. 
Mridul Dhanuka: So factually, that is not true. If you look at U.S. versus Europe for all the new last-line 
molecules, U.S. is much bigger than Europe in total value. Secondly, at this stage, I don't think 
we are in a position to comment about Advanz. I think we have done a good job in getting all 
the approvals from Europe. And there is no option of actually getting out of the agreement. We 
should partner continue to partner with the people we have done and trust them to perform 
[[PAGE 13]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
while we continue to sign new licenses rather than opening discussions where the revenue 
stream is already set and locked in. 
Sanjay Kumar: Okay. And I know you said that you're going to start negotiations in the U.S. Does it mean 
there are no negotiations on the table at the moment or... 
Mridul Dhanuka: Unfortunately, this is the level of detail we would not be able to share. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raj, an Individual Investor. 
Raj: I just have one follow-up question on AMS. I want to understand how we should be evaluating 
AMS in the sense of they are being from a reach perspective and things like that in terms of 
that they are ready for Cefiderocol launch? 
Manish Dhanuka: So what I can tell you is that our focus is tertiary care hospital. Although our molecule is in the 
first line of therapy, but it is better to launch it in the tertiary care hospital where the customer 
or the patient comes after using the other generic molecules. So -- and if I have to give you an 
idea, there are about, I think tertiary care about 1,200 hospitals in India. And we already have 
the reach in 120 hospitals. 
 So I can say we have -- in last 1 year, we have reached 10% of the most important hospitals. 
We have our product available in Max. We have product available in Fortis. We have product 
available in Apollo. We have product available in Manipal. So all the large chains we have an 
entry. And when we launched last year, we had missed the annual tender scheme of these 
hospitals. So we are hopeful this year, we should be able to win some of the annual tenders as 
well. 
Raj: Got it. Understood, sir. So -- and you don't expect to see any increase in terms of the sales 
force. This sales force is sufficient enough to reach that number? 
Manish Dhanuka: We have a budget and sanction of our sales force, but it is difficult to find a good manpower in 
the industry. We are not able to fill our vacancies. That is the challenge we are facing right 
now. 
Raj: Got it. Okay. That’s all sir from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raj, an Individual Investor. 
Raj: I have one small follow-up question. What is -- will you be able to share the split between 
regulated and unregulated market revenue split? 
Mridul Dhanuka: Normally, the split for Orchid has always been 40-60, 40% regulated, 60% unregulated. So we 
share that on an annual basis. This quarter number, I do not have currently. 
Raj: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
[[PAGE 14]]
  Orchid Pharma Limited  
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Manish Dhanuka: Thank you. I would like to thank our shareholders, partners and investors for their continued 
support. Financial year '26 remains a muted year operationally, but we are using this time to 
build a stronger foundation for recovery and sustainable growth ahead. Thank you once again 
for your participation. Good evening. 
Moderator: On behalf of Orchid Pharma, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
