SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/GRANULES-Concall_Jan_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 15

===== PAGE 1 =====
.GRANULES
Date: January 28, 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
BSE Limited 
Symbol: NSE: GRANULES: BSE: 532482 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call for Q3 of FY26. 
Ref: Our letter dated 08.01.2026 for intimation of the schedule of the Earnings 
Conference call for Q3 of FY26.. 
Pursuant to regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company for Q3 of 
FY26 is enclosed with this letter and has been uploaded on the website of the Company at the 
below-mentioned link: 
https:/ / granulesindia. com/investors/investor-resources/earnings-call-transcripts/ 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
For GRANULES INDIA LIMITE D 
CHAITANYA TU MMALA 
(COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER) 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
Granules India Limited 
CIN: L24110TG1991PLC012471 
) 
15th Floor, Granules Tower, Botanical Garden Road, Kondapur, Hyderabad - 500084, Telangana, India 
Contact Us: Tel: +91 4069043500 I Fax: +91-40-23115145 I mail@granulesindia.com www.granulesindia.com 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Granules India Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2026 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KRISHNA PRASAD CHIGURUPATI – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 MS. PRIYANKA CHIGURUPATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
– GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. MUKESH SURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 DR. P.V. SRINIVAS – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER– 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY KUMAR – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MS. PRACHI AMBRE – MUFG INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Granules India Limited Q3 and 9 Months FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Investor Relations. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from MUFG Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Prachi Ambre: Thank you, Danish. On behalf of Granules India Limited, I extend a warm welcome to all the 
participants on the Q3 and 9 months FY26 Financial Results Discussion Call. Today on the call, 
we have Dr. Krishna Prasad Chigurupati, Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Priyanka 
Chigurupati, Executive Director; Mr. Mukesh Surana, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. P.V. Srinivas, 
Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Sanjay Kumar, Chief Strategy Officer. 
 Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call contains some of the 
forward-looking statements, which are completely based on our expectations, beliefs and 
opinions as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Dr. Krishna Prasad sir for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
K. P. Chigurupati: Thank you, Prachi. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and for 
your continued interest in Granules India. We trust, you have had a chance to review the detailed 
presentation available on our website. Let me begin with our consolidated performance. Q3 FY 
'26 has been  one of our strongest quarters despite a temporary loss at our Peptide CDMO 
business.  
We reported revenues of INR1,388 crores, a 22% increase year-on-year. EBITDA was INR308 
crores, growing 34% over the same period last year. Margins improved meaningfully, driven by 
disciplined execution and better operating leverage. This momentum reflects the strength of our 
diversified business model and the progress we are making on multiple strategic fronts. 
 Regulatory and quality up date. Regulatory excellence continues to be a critical priority for us. 
We made steady progress across all our facilities for this quarter. Gagillapur  facility. Our 
remediation plan remains on track. We held a post-warning letter meeting with the FDA in early 
January.  
We will be submitting the requested documentation shortly. Importantly, to date, the agency has 
not raised any concerns regarding the adequacy or  pace of our corrective action. We expect a 
formal feedback after our submission and remain confident about the pathway to resolution. As 
a prudent de-risking measure, we have filed select products from our US and GLS facilities.  
The site also received ANVISA Brazil GMP certification, reinforcing the improvement in our 
quality system. GLS at Genome Valley, the US FDA conducted an unannounced PAS and GMP 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
inspection from 15th to the  19th of December. We received five  observations, none related to 
data integrity. Our responses were submitted within the stipulated timelines. 
 Earlier in the quarter, GLS received a PAS approval on 10th November, and an EIR on 11th 
December, for the inspection held in August. We have also received a CBE 30 approval 
following the recent inspection. Our GPI facility in USA received EIR on 5th November, closing 
the PAS inspection from June. GCH, our U.S. packaging site. The U.S. FDA completed a GMP 
inspection on 4th December with  zero Form 483. 
 Across the network, we continue to advance digitalization of manual operations. Several 
initiatives are already live at GPI. We expect to complete implementation at Gagillapur by the 
mid-calendar year, followed by rollout to other sites. While a lot of our  consultancy costs have 
come down, we expect to invest into system enhancements, which will involve some capex and 
opex over the coming quarters. These steps will strengthen both the reliability and resilience of 
our operations. 
 R&D filings. Our R&D and regulatory pipeline progressed well this quarter. We filed 1 EU 
dossier, which is DCP, 8 new product registrations in rest of the world markets through partners, 
4 DMFs in rest of the world countries. Approvals included a tentative  U.S. FDA approval for 
generic Adzenys  from GPI, 1 approval in Europe, two approvals in ROW markets, 1 DMF 
approval in China. Our increasing focus on ROW markets supports our strategy to diversify 
beyond the US and Europe. 
 ESG progress. Sustainability continues to be a core part of who we are. This quarter, our CDP 
climate change rating improved to A up from B. Our S&P CSA score increased to 62 placing us 
among the top 10% of our global peers. We reinforced our commitment as a signatory to the UN 
Women's Empowerment Principles, UN Global Compact and PSCI. 
 Our Gagillapur facility achieved zero waste to landfill, which is platinum plus with over 99% 
waste diversion. We continue to make measurable progress across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, 
renewable energy, sustainable procurement and water neutrality initiat ives. Preferential issue. 
During the quarter, we also took a strategic step to strengthen our balance sheet through the 
preferential issue, which saw strong support from shareholders in yesterday's EGM.  
The proceeds from this issue enhance our financial flexibility and will be deployed prudently to 
support capacity expansion, drive efficiency and pursue value -accretive opportunities while 
maintaining our focus on governance and capital discipline. We beli eve this capital raise 
positions the company well to accelerate growth and create sustainable long -term value for all 
shareholders. 
 Strategic direction. As we noted last quarter, Granules has entered a phase of renewed 
momentum. Our strategic priorities remain clear: transitioning to higher complexity generics, 
normalization at Gagillapur following remediation and strengthening the qua lity systems 
holistically across all the facilities, strengthening our market presence across key geographies, 
scaling operations at GLS as regulatory milestones translate into commercial execution. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Building a differentiated peptide CDMO platform through Ascelis with rising innovator 
engagement. These pillars position us well for sustainable quality -led growth.  For ease of 
understanding, we have broken down our portfolio strategy into integrated Rx, complex Rx and 
CDMO. The definitions and directions of which have been presented in our IR presentation. 
 To conclude, this has been a strong quarter operationally, financially and strategically. We 
remain committed to building a high-quality innovation-driven global pharmaceutical enterprise 
supported by robust governance and a resilient multisite supply chai n. With this, I now hand 
over the call over to Sanjay Kumar, who will speak about our peptides and CDMO growth 
platform. Over to you, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Kumar: Thank you, Chairman, sir. Good evening, everyone. Let me briefly update you on the progress 
of our Peptide CDMO platform, Ascelis Peptides and Senn Chemicals. As anticipated, 
performance in the Q3 was modest, but consistent with the transition phase we hav e discussed 
earlier. Having said that, Q3 was an execution and activity intensive quarter, focused on 
executing key projects, increasing utilization and strengthening delivery readiness for the Q4. 
 Also during the quarter, Q3, we incurred high operating costs on account of planned maintenance 
activities and additional shifts towards the key customer project. The benefit of this increased 
activity are expected to translate as deliveries conversion in the next quarter, that is the Q4. 
 From an execution standpoint, Q4 is anchored on delivering key projects where work carried 
out over the last quarters is now moving into delivery stage. Accordingly, Q4 is tracking towards 
a meaningful improvement in performance, supported by ongoing project deliveries. Our focus 
remains on disciplined execution, predictable delivery and strengthening customer confidence. 
 On the R&D front, we are seeing active collaboration between our Switzerland and India teams 
working together on live customer projects after operationalization of our Peptide Center of 
Excellence at IIT Hyderabad.  The India R&D setup has begun contributing directly to the 
customer projects, including development and execution responsibility.  
The R&D team is also making progress on TFA -free peptide chemistries, reinforcing our 
technology differentiation, particularly in the cosmetics segment. On the commercial front, our 
focus over the next couple of quarters is on progressing feasibility discussions with our 
customers, seeding samples with those select customers, particularly in amino acid derivatives 
and complex peptide fragments and respondi ng to the RFQs and RFPs across the active 
pipelines.  
These activities are focused on building a conversion pipeline for the coming financial year and 
beyond the next financial year. With that, I will hand over to Mukesh Surana, our Chief Financial 
Officer, who will take us through the financial performance. 
Mukesh Surana: Thank you, CMD and Sanjay. Let me take you all through key financial highlights for Q3 FY 
'26. Revenue, The third quarter revenue were INR13,879 million as compared to INR11,377 
million in Q3 FY '25, a growth of 22% and revenue sequentially grew by 7% as compared to Q2 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
FY '26. Revenue growth was broad -based with strong contribution of formulation business in 
North America and Europe.  
The sales breakup as per business division and geographic region are presented in our investor 
presentation, which is available on the website.  Gross margin. We delivered a gross margin of 
63.9% in Q3 FY '26 representing an improvement of 216 basis points year-on-year and decrease 
of 183 basis points sequentially. Year-on-year, gross margin improved with a better product mix 
for the finished dosage segment. 
 EBITDA and EBITDA margin. EBITDA for the quarter was INR3,081 million, that is 22.2% of 
sales as compared to INR2,303 million, that is 20.2% of sales in Q3 FY '25, meaningful 
improvement of 196 basis points from Q3 FY '25 despite EBITDA loss of Ascelis Peptides of 
INR248 million. Quarter -on-quarter increase in EBITDA loss of Ascelis Peptides is due to 
regular and preventive maintenance taken up in December '25 at Senn Chemicals facility. 
 EBITDA as a percentage of sales for Q3 FY '26 has improved by 75 basis points from Q2 FY 
'26. The improvement in EBITDA was primarily due to sales growth and margin expansion. 
R&D. R&D expenses for the quarter were INR689 million, that is 5% of sales as compared to 
INR568 million, that is 5% to sales in Q3 FY '25 and INR705 million that was 5.4% to sales in 
Q2 FY '26. We will continue to spend similar amounts to support long-term strategic growth. 
 Net debt. Our net debt stood at INR10,151 million as compared to INR10,241 million in Q2 FY 
'26. Cash-to-cash cycle. Our cash-to-cash cycle has slightly improved to 202 days in the current 
quarter as compared to 204 days in Q2 FY '26. Net working capital as a percentage to sales was 
at 27%, improved from 33% in the year beginning. 
 Cash flow from operations. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was INR2,187 million as 
compared to INR1,937 million in Q2 FY '26. Cap ex spend during the quarter was INR1,298 
million as compared to INR2,112 million in Q2 FY '26. ROCE. ROCE for Q3 FY '26 is 16.8% 
as compared to 16.2% in Q2 FY '26. ROCE has improved with the improvement in operating 
profit quarter-on-quarter. With this, I open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will begin with the question and answer session. Our 
first question comes from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Krisha Kansara: Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, ma'am, you are. 
Krisha Kansara: I joined the call a bit late. So pardon me if the answer to my question has already been answered 
in your opening remarks. But my question is on our Gagillapur  facility. So in the last quarter, 
you informed that we were going to meet the FDA in January month. So could you please update 
your investors regarding the same? Have we met them already? And if yes, could you please 
outline the next steps that we as a com pany are required to follow before we clear this warning 
letter? This is my question.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
K. P. Chigurupati: Krisha, we had a meeting with the virtual meeting with the FDA early January, and they have 
requested us for some more documentation, which we'll be submitting shortly. The most 
important part is the agency has not raised any concerns regarding the adequac y or pace of 
corrective action. So once we submit our response and further information, we will see what the 
FDA comes back with, but we are -- that's it, yes. 
Krisha Kansara: Right. So would you be able to put a timeline to it, like when are we expecting the final 
reinspection from there end? 
K. P. Chigurupati: We cannot put a timeline to that, but we will be submitting the response quite early in the very 
near future. But we'll have to see how the agency and then what timelines are going to come out. 
But again, like I mentioned, we have also been de -risking. Some of the filings have been 
happening in our U.S. facility and also at our GLS facility. And some products are being site 
transferred to a GLS facility here, too. Slight amount of de-risking is happening. Even if it takes 
a little longer, it should not be a major problem. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. 
Bino Pathiparampil: A couple of questions from my side. One, there is this INR25 crores of loss from the peptide 
franchise, which you have given in the investor presentation. How has this moved across quarters 
from 1Q to 3Q? And what is the outlook for the next few quarters? 
K. P. Chigurupati: I think it's a good idea Sanjay take this call. Sanjay? Sanjay is responsible for the peptides 
business and anything regarding peptides, he will be answering. 
Sanjay Kumar: Yes. So Bino, so the numbers are comparable to the financial performance of the previous 
quarter. In terms of outlook, this is a typical of a CDMO business where the quarter -to-quarter 
variation happens. And as I covered as a part of my early commentary, w hile the financial 
performance was lower and as anticipated, the quarter itself was activity intense and our projects 
progressed through the execution, which typically take a couple of quarters.  
And the outcome of the last quarter will be reflected in the Q4, and we are expecting a very 
meaningful improvement in the Q4 performance. And we do have a visibility over the next set 
of quarters, and the numbers are significantly improved over the past 2  quarters on the revenue 
basis. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. Just to follow up on that. When you say improvement in performance, are you 
referring to breakeven and a positive EBITDA sometime soon? 
Sanjay Kumar: Yes. I exactly mean that, and that is something that we covered in the last con call as well that 
we expected Q4 to go above the neutrality on EBITDA that you asked. So we remain confident, 
and we are on track to get to that position. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Q4 as in next quarter, right, this coming quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar: Yes, the current ongoing quarter. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: Okay. And what will drive that? Is it transfer of manufacturing to India or additional projects 
that you have taken up? What is leading to this sharp turnaround? 
Sanjay Kumar: So I won't put it as actively as that. Like as you would assume the lead time to execute these 
projects go beyond a quarter. So we did have the visibility on the execution timeline for this, 
and we understood that those deliveries will happen in Q4. Again, the quarter -to-quarter 
variation is very unique to the CDMO business. So we did have the visibility. We were executing 
during the Q2, Q3, and we continue to execute through the Q4  and some of the key customer 
deliveries are happening in the Q4. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. And can we also assume that it will remain in the positive EBITDA territory 
through the quarters in FY '27 as well? 
Sanjay Kumar: So our target is always to turn positive from next financial year. But again, I keep on saying the 
quarter-to-quarter variation will remain a characteristic of this business. But on a year basis, we 
are turning towards neutrality and profitability for sure. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Got it. And second, is there any cost related to Gagillapur facility remediation still sitting in the 
P&L in Q3? 
Mukesh Surana: Yes, Mukesh. This side, Bino. The remediation cost has substantially come down. So it will be 
in these normal levels for a few quarters and then will be negligible. It has come down 
substantially. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Got it. And one last question on the U.S. If I look at your U.S. revenues in dollar terms, the last 
couple of years, we have added like $40 million to $50 million, somewhere between $40 million 
and $50 million every year to the US revenue. Is that something which we can kind of look 
forward to in the coming couple of years as well? 
K. P. Chigurupati: That's what we aspire for and we are confident of that. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Got it. Thank you. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: Sir, just on the Ascelis Peptide, how much of the revenue would have been in this quarter or, 
let's say, 9 months? 
Mukesh Surana: So this quarter is INR33 crores, Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: Okay. 
Mukesh Surana: And quarter-on-quarter, last quarter, it was INR28 crores and the previous quarter also around 
INR28 crores, INR29 crores. This quarter, INR33 crores. And the loss has gone up, which Sanjay 
also has clarified, I also clarified. Primarily, we have taken higher execution activities, both on 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
the -- some of the active projects where the revenue will further come in Q4. And also, we have 
taken up regular and preventive maintenance cost in December. 
Tushar Manudhane: So effectively, that maintenance cost will reduce and then there will be scale up in the revenue, 
which is why the EBITDA breakeven for Ascelis Peptides... 
Mukesh Surana: You are right, Tushar, yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: Even if I leave aside or even if I -- so if I exclude, let's say, Ascelis revenue and the EBITDA 
loss with respect to the Ascelis, the ex of that business has also scaled up both in terms of revenue 
as well as profitability. So how that piece of the business will improve subsequently, maybe like 
fourth quarter onwards or in FY '27, given that the regulatory issue-related expenses are actually 
at least largely behind, we might wait for inspection – re-inspection for Gagillapur site. But ex 
of that, how to th ink about the growth in the business in FY '27, if you can shed some light on 
that? 
Mukesh Surana: Tushar, we are looking at sequential improvement, both on the sales and margin side. 
Tushar Manudhane: And that would be driven by? 
Mukesh Surana: That will be driven by one expenses, operational leverage, for sure, and more than that, in fact, 
revenue as well. 
Tushar Manudhane: But this is to do with our, let's say, core products or the new approvals and which geograph ies, 
if you can give more color? 
K. P. Chigurupati: Tushar -- Priyanka, go ahead, you can answer that. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Yes. Tushar, I'll answer that. A few things, well, the last couple of quarters like we mentioned 
in our past con calls also, we -- while we were producing, we weren't producing to the full of 
our capability. So right now, we are going to be increasing capa cities and catering to all the 
awards that we have in the U.S. and to the other markets. 
 So just the operational efficiencies will increase, productivity will increase, and that will 
certainly increase the numbers going forward. In addition, if all goes well with Gagillapur, we 
have our launches in place. That will also facilitate the growth. We have a few CBE30 approvals 
and some PAS approvals from the GLS side, which we plan on launching, that will also facilitate 
growth. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Yashika Gogia from Nirzar ENT. 
Yashika Gogia: I just had one question. I wanted to gain some clarification on lisdexamfetamine. What's the 
product status? As we heard previously that GPI received FDA approval for the same chewable 
tablets in December '24 and then in January '25, the capsules. Is there  any revenue recognition 
also, I just wanted to gain some insight for lisdexamfetamine? 
K. P. Chigurupati: Priyanka, can you take that? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Yes, sure. Yes. It's been four quarters since we've launched lisdexa caps and tabs and it provides 
a meaningful revenue addition to our U.S. business. 
Yashika Gogia: All right. So could you clarify some numbers or the revenue for the same? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: No, we don't get into product specifics, unfortunately. But I will tell you that we have -- we were 
a late entrant to the market, but because of our quota history and our compliance history with 
the DEA, we were able to get meaningful share, and we plan on  increasing it as we keep going 
further. 
Yashika Gogia: All right. So will it be feasible for you to tell how much incremental demand this will signal 
since you mentioned that the quota for U.S. -- the quota for lisdexa has been improved. And in 
'24, it was around 26,000 per kg, whereas in '25, it was increased  to 32,000 per kg. And in 
September '19 also, it was raised. So can we see any numbers from our and what benefit we can 
see? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I'm sorry, can you please repeat your question? 
Yashika Gogia: I mean to say that since lisdexamfetamine quota was increased around September, it was 
announced by US DEA that the quota has been increased from '24 to '25 annual approximately 
40,000 per kg. So what incremental demand does this signal? And does the indus try have 
sufficient end market demand to absorb this? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: First of all, I'd like to clarify that without end market demand, the DEA will not increase the 
quota overall for any product. So yes, there is market. And based on compliance history of each 
company and the continuous outflow of products quarter -on-quarter based on legitimate 
demand. And again, I want to say, based on the compliance aspect of that, the DEA awards 
quotas to the suppliers. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Fin. 
Ritwik Sheth: Sir, a couple of questions. Firstly, sir, we've got an approval -- in principle approval for 
amphetamine product in December across two dosage forms. And you mentioned the market 
size is $220 million to $230 million per annum, and we are one of the few players to get approval 
for this. So when can we expect the launch of this product in U.S.? And over a period of time, 
what kind of market share can we garner? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I'll take that question. If you're referring to the approval of generic Adzenys, it was a tentative 
approval. It's not an approval yet because it is an IP -based product. The overall value of the 
product right now, including the brand, is about 170 million units, but there's only one other 
generic player in the market. So -- but the timing of launch, I cannot confirm right now because 
it is a tentative approval, which is in litigation stage right now. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. And when do we get the final approval, if at all, we get it? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: It will take a year. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. It will take a year. Okay. Got it. And second question is on controlled substance. What 
kind of growth did we clock in Q3 and 9 months FY '26 in this segment? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I think we should start referring to this entire basket instead of just looking at controlled 
substances. I would urge you to just look at our investor presentation where we are segregating 
our divisions into integrated pharma, complex generics and others.  And within that, the 
definitions, et cetera, have been mentioned in the presentation. But within the complex generics 
range itself, just from Y -o-Y growth, Q3 to -- Q3 FY '25 to '26, we grew from 27% as a total 
contribution to 49%. A nd Q-on-Q, we grew from 40% to 49% within the complex generics 
range. 
Ritwik Sheth: Right. So controlled substance would be a significant part of the complex generics? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. Got it. This is helpful. And just 1 last question on bookkeeping. Sir, what was the 
remediation expense in Q3 FY '26? 
Mukesh Surana: So Ritwik, it has been substantially lower, almost half of what we incurred in Q2. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: I have two forward-looking questions. My first question is, as Granules continues to grow -- 
sorry, as Granules continues to grow its formulations and CRAMS business, how do you see 
capacity use and overall production levels changing over the next 1 to 2 years? And particularly, 
how will steps like making more of your own APIs using automation in manufacturing and 
strengthening regulatory compliance be put into practice to improve efficiency, reduce 
production time and keep the company comp etitive in the global market? That's my first 
question. I'll ask my second question after this?   
K. P. Chigurupati: Priyanka, go ahead. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: In terms of capacity utilization, if I understood your question right, at Gagillapur, we will have 
some capacities over the next couple of quarters. But GLS, we will have significant capacities. 
And more importantly, both the sites will have a lot of produ cts in common. So if there is a lot 
of demand that we see going forward, we can cater to it from both the sites. And on the 
operational efficiencies, could you please repeat your question? 
Sucrit D. Patil: No, I just want to understand who -- like what steps you taking -- making more of your own 
APIs using automation in manufacturing and strengthening regulatory compliance to reduce 
production time and keep the company competitive in the global market? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I think to answer your question, if it's specifically about APIs, almost all the APIs that we make, 
we are already very cost competitive. So when we talk about automation and digitization, 
digitalization, it's more to increase quality compliance to make su re that we are one of the 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
strongest companies in quality going forward, and quality has always been a strong pillar for us. 
So that's where we'll be spending a lot of our resources with automation and digitalization. 
K. P. Chigurupati: Let me clarify, Sucrit. The existing plant, there is a level of automation already. But any new 
plants that are coming up, including one API plant with a different type of differentiated 
technology in Vizag, this is going to be totally DCS driven and very few people on the site. So 
even that will happen in addition to paperless documentation. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Good to hear. My second question is specifically to Mr. Mukesh. With strong cash flows and 
ongoing expansion into CRMS and specialty formulations, how do you plan to keep EBITDA 
margins steady while also funding new investments? From a financial process po int of view, 
how will you handle the working capital more efficiently, manage currency risk on -- export 
revenues and use digital tools to control costs so that ROE and balance sheets remain strong in 
the near medium term? 
Mukesh Surana: Thank you, Sucrit. It's a multi -loaded question. EBITDA improvement, of course, with a good 
mix of formulation, getting into larger complex generics share, the EBITDA margin, of course, 
gross margin to EBITDA margin will continue to improve. And thereby, of course, cash flow 
from operations will be positive quarter-on-quarter. At the same time, with the increased sales, 
there will be investment in working capital. 
 At the same time, we are seeing that how we steady state at the CCC days, even with the new 
launches and increase in inventory requirement, how we efficiently manage the CCC days so 
that working capital blockage is lesser with the growth as well. That is a  continuous process 
which we do. 
 And we do have -- on the forex side, which you have asked, we have a good risk management 
governance, and we balance hedging also accordingly. And if you see all of these processes are 
effectively managed. That's how you see ROCE is improving and return on equity is also 
improving quarter-on-quarter with a business improvement. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Thank you for the guidance and I wish the entire team best of luck for the next quarter. 
K. P. Chigurupati: We don't give guidance, Sucrit. It's all going to be positive. That's all we can say. We have no 
guidance. 
Sucrit D. Patil: I said thank you and best of luck for the next quarter. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Abu Rafe from Wealth Catalyst. Please go ahead. 
Abu Rafe: Thank you, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. S ir, my question is, earlier 
management had indicated that paracetamol demand was weak due to elevated inventory. Could 
you update on the current inventory situation? Has the excess inventory largely been cleared, 
sir? And how does the management feel the demand outlook for paracetamol over the next few 
quarters? 
K. P. Chigurupati: Priyanka, you want to take that? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Sure, I can take that. Paracetamol as an absolute -- if you talk about the inventory situation, in 
certain markets, they have eased down. And we are seeing an increase in demand from our key 
customers in both APIs, PFIs and finished dosages. While we are seeing good growth, and that's 
what facilitated the growth in some of our regions this quarter, we do see some amount of price 
erosion also in paracetamol. But in terms of inventory, the volumes are building back up. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investment s. Mr. Gupta, you 
may please proceed with the question. 
Vivek Gupta: Yes. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, you are. 
Vivek Gupta: So sir, could you outline the expected timeline for meaningful product launches from the 
Genome Valley facility and like share your estimates on the incremental revenue contribution 
that is anticipated in FY '27? 
K. P. Chigurupati: Priyanka? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I'll take that question. Yes. We are going to be launching at least 1 product, if not two products, 
which are existing products from the G pp sites to cater to additional demand that we have. So 
these two products will be launched over the next couple of -- next two quarters, one to two 
quarters. We'll start this quarter, and we'll see an incremental revenue coming up. And we're also 
expecting -- once we have a European approval for that site, then we expect even more numbers 
to come in. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. So with oncology and high -value segments positioned as key long -term growth levers, 
how do you plan to scale capacity, build partnerships and progress regulatory fillings to unlock 
their potential? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: So if you look at the 3 baskets that we have mentioned in our investor presentation, sequentially, 
even if you look at the R&D filings in order of how they have changed over time, you'll see that 
the percentage of complex generics, which is where oncology,  CNS and other products come 
into play, they have sequentially grown. So we plan on filing a certain number of products more 
inclined towards complex generics in the future, while integrated generics remain a core area of 
focus as well. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saniya from SSK Capital. Please go ahead. 
Saniya: Hello. Am I audible? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Yes, you are. 
Saniya: Hi, good evening. A ctually, I joined a little late. I had a question regarding that the controlled 
substances that are emerging as a key growth driver in the US market. Could you provide a 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
greater visibility on the pipeline, like the outline, the expected launch timeline? And can you 
share how the management anticipate this product will contribute to your earnings for the next 
2, 3 years? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: I'll take that question also. When somebody -- sorry, I forget the name, but somebody spoke to 
me about it in the past couple of minutes. I mentioned that we should look at it as integrated 
generics, complex generics and others. So CNS, ADHD and controlled  substances are a part of 
the complex generics range. 
 We have about 8 to 9 products in the market, 5 to 6 of which are amongst the top 3, if not number 
1 in the markets today. So going forward, as immediate launches -- well, immediate launches, 
meaning within the next year, 1.5 years, we have about 3 launches, and they will -- 3 to 4 
launches, and they will contribute to a very meaningful percentage of our overall growth story. 
Saniya: Okay. Got it. And also regarding the tentative approval for amphetamine, could you please 
elaborate on the strategic importance of this molecule, particularly in the terms of potential 
revenue contribution and the market share? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: See, I don't want to -- yes. Sorry, please finish your question. 
Saniya: No, it's okay. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: It is a very important -- very, very important product for us from a strategic perspective because 
it reinforces our strategy of filing limited competition products to be able to get -- to be able to 
give patients with ADHD immediate access to products by launching generics that are early to 
the market. 
 And from a manufacturing and development perspective, these are difficult products. These are 
products that -- some of the products have been in the market with this particular product, well, 
there has been one generic for a long time, but others have not been able to develop, file and get 
approval for this product because of the complexity involved. So overall, it is a very good 
product that fits exactly within the pipeline that we have envisaged for ourselves and it will 
contribute to a very meaningful amount going forward. 
Saniya: Okay. Got it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: Thank you. A s there are no further questions from the participant, I would like to hand the 
conference over to management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
management. 
K. P. Chigurupati: On behalf of the entire leadership team, I would like to thank all our shareholders, analysts and 
participants for taking the time to join us today. We value your insights and your continued trust. 
This brings our call to a close. Thank you and have a wonderful evening. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Thank you. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Granules India Limited 
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of MUFG Investor Relations Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 