[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
 
February 13, 2026 
 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on February 9, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025, conducted on February 9, 2026. Also please note 
that this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/en/investors/investor-meetings/transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 18 
 
Internal 
 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited 
Q3FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHARSH DAVULURI – VICE-CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. SAJEEV EMMANUEL MEDIKONDA – HEAD, 
CORPORATE PLANNING AND STRATEGY 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST &YOUNG 
 
 
 
  
 
[[PAGE 3]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Neuland Laboratories Limited Q3 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this  conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is been recorded.  I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: Thank you. Avirat. Good evening , friends, we welcome you to the Q3 FY26 and 9MFY26 
Earnings Conference Call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. To take us through the results and 
to answer your questions, we have with us the top management from Neuland Laboratories, 
represented by Saharsh Davuluri, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. Abhijit Majumdar, CFO and 
Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel Medikonda, Head of Corporate Planning and Strategy 
 We will start the call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar and then 
Saharsh will give you the broad highlights of the business trends and what he is seeing in the 
market. And post that, we will open the call for the question -and-answer session. As usual, the 
standard safe harbor clause applies as we start the call. With that said, I now hand over the floor 
to Abhijit. Over to you, Abhijit sir. 
Abhijit Majumdar: Thank you very much, Ravi and good evening, and warm welcome to everyone joining our call. 
The financials for Q3FY26 are as follows: Total income was INR447.8 crores, which is 11.4% 
YoY as compared to INR401.9 crores in the same period last year. The commercial CMS projects 
contributed to over 50% of the revenue and other priority sustains for this quarter. 
 As in the past, I would like to reiterate the inherent uneven nature of our overall business on a 
quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. The gross margin for the quarter was 52.1% as compared 
to 53.2% in Q3FY25 and was a function of the product mix within the business this quarter.  
 The gross margin as always includes manufacturing expenses and other costs attributed to the 
product. The EBITDA stood at INR85 crores at a margin of 19%. The lower  gross margins this 
quarter, combined with the increase in overheads led to a lower EBITDA margin of 19% this 
quarter. The overheads include an impact of INR10 crores towards labor codes in Q3FY26.  
 Without this impact, our EBITDA would stand at INR95 crores with a margin of 21%. The profit 
before tax was INR54.3 crores as compared to INR71.8 crores in Q3FY25 before extraordinary 
items, which is the sale of property and the quarterly EPS stands at INR31.5 per share.  
 The 9-month performance shows that we have been able to maintain a 56% margin versus the 
same period of 55% last year. The only percentage increase of 19% are towards meeting our 
future growth plans. Over the last few quarters, we have seen some deterioration in our working 
capital because of higher inventories as well as an uneven order go leading to higher receivables 
at the end of the quarter. 
 Optimal utilization of cash remains a top priority, and we are looking at inventory optimization, 
accelerated customer collections needed by and even delivery flow. The working capital for the 
quarter stood at 145 days of sales. As part of our future plan,  we continue to invest, and there 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
was a cash outflow of INR 254 crores towards capex for the 9MFY26. 
 Our capex investments are moving in line with the plan, even as we adjust them to deal with the 
evolving nature of our business. In spite of this, we have been able to restrict free cash flows to 
negative INR9.2 crores for the year having secured substantial advances from our customers.  
 Our net debt stood at negative INR202.6 crores. We remain committed to balancing growth and 
profitability by continuously optimizing costs and processes to ensure long -term sustainability. 
As a result of the opportunities which are opening and the rapid changes made possible by the 
acceleration in technology. we are continuously evaluating options to invest, which will enable 
long-term growth as well as differentiating Neuland in the competitive space that we operate. 
 To summarize, the financials of quarter Q3FY26 was in line with our expectations even as it was 
a dip on a quarter -to-quarter basis. We expect FY '26 to be a year when we see growth and we 
continue to be optimistic about the future, given the potential that our business holds. As in the 
past, the presentation has been shared with the press release and contains more details. 
 With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his remarks. Thank you very much. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Thanks, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone, and welcome once again to the call. So maybe I'll just 
take a few minutes to give you all a broad overview of the business and the perspective from this 
particular quarter's performance. The numbers this quarter are in line with our expectations in 
terms of how we assumed the year would pan out, even as some of the key financial metrics are 
lower than the previous quarters. 
 Before getting into the details of the quarter, I just want to provide a brief summary of our 
business and the journey we're on. Neuland began as a quality-focused API manufacturer over 4 
decades ago, establishing ourselves as he approver of choice with ge neric formulations in the 
regulated market. Over the last 15 years, we have further evolved having worked with a number 
of venture backed biotech companies or new chemical entity molecules. 
 Our business has now transitioned to a level where a majority of our revenues are derived from 
human health focused CDMO business. And now we have also started watching with big pharma. 
As we have progressed, we have grown in our understanding of the complexities of the business 
and can now reiterate with more confidence the natural unevenness and long gestation periods of 
both the CDMO business as well as the specialty GDS business.  
 As a result, in terms of our strategic plan, we are taking a longer-term view even as it means that 
in terms of measuring performance, it is meaningful to evaluate Neuland's trajectory on a 2-year 
or a 3-year period rather than a quarter -on-quarter basis. We are seeing this further reflected in 
the changing nature of our customer engagement where innovators are increasingly looking at 
Neuland as an integral partner in the innovation journey.  
 Even as the macro environment is evolving, we are seeing increasing interest from a wider range 
of customers interested in our capabilities as a proven commercial NCE drug substance 
manufacturer as well as the developer of robust processes for complex mole cules. Our track 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
record as an agile partner is opening up more possibilities as well as create share of existing 
business.  
 While the CDMO industry is competitive, I believe we have carved out a space for ourselves 
with our focused strategy, even as we look to build out adjacencies as well as you to work with 
customers on the cutting edge of innovation. We are seeing this with traction on the peptide side 
of the business where customers are keen to work with us across life cycle of products, from 
process design to commercial manufacturing.  
 Given this interest, we are confident regarding the investments committed for the peptide 
modality. Even on the generic side, we continue to see customers keen to work with us given our 
track record as well as our portfolio of products.  Even as we see the ecosystem becoming more 
dynamic, Neuland is well positioned to take advantage given the steps we are taking to further 
strengthen the capabilities of our team.  
 Coming to this quarter, as I've indicated earlier, it is in line with how we expected the year to pan 
out. However, the product mix within the business has meant that the gross margins have been 
lower than what we have seen over the last few quarters. We h ave seen significant contribution 
coming from commercial molecules, even though we didn't see contribution from 1 of our higher 
margin products in CMS. 
 Another change that we are becoming accustomed to is the larger value of individual CMS 
shipments as the business is prospering, which means that small changes in operational or 
logistical details can have a big impact on an individual quarter's performance. This also did have 
an impact on our overall operating leverage for this quarter.  
 Ezetimibe and Mirtazapine continue to be key contributors for the prime GDS portfolio. On the 
specialty side, we saw Apixaban, Donepezil contribute, but there was a significant impact from 
Paliperidone where we had some operational issues at the customer end, which has caused some 
sort of a delay in terms of shipments.  Again, this is a reminder for us, the risks inherent of our 
business.  
                                              From a medium-term perspective, as I had mentioned earlier, the CMS business is seeing good 
traction with a range of customers across geographies. Our existing portfolio is doing well in 
terms of our relationships with the customers.  
 We did see the commercialization of a molecule, but we will see a lot more contribute over the 
next few quarters. We are also seeing new business coming in with deliveries expected to happen 
over 12 to 24 months. As indicated earlier, all our investments are going according to plan. and 
we are evaluating avenues to make Neuland, even a better partner for innovators as well as 
generic players. 
 During the last quarter, we were able to take that significant step as our Board had approved 
shifting of our R&D facility to a new campus where we can build a state-of-the-art R&D center.  
                                               As we think about Neuland, I would like to remind you that there are a number of factors which 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
could impact our business, and we've spoken about this before. We are constantly reminded of 
the high -risk nature of our customers' attempts to bring normal therapies for unmet medical 
needs, which does impact our projections time and again. 
 We have also been seeing changing regulations as well as a number of developments in 
underlying industries, changing the dynamics for us. Apart from that, performance of individual 
products, foreign exchange fluctuations, raw material cost volatility, unfo reseen geopolitical 
risks and other dynamics of the business could also significantly influence the performance of 
our business. We continue to monitor these variables very closely and work towards mitigating 
the risks. 
 So having said this, Ravi, I'll request you to open this up now for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. T he first question  is from the 
line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. 
Amey Chalke: First question I have on the margin. Partially, you have answered this question in your opening 
remarks. I understand why EBITDA margin could be lower because of the top line being lower 
and the fixed cost having to pay. But on the gross margin side, even if you have 1 product, which 
is on the CDMO side, which might be on high gross margin side. But what it tells that the 
remaining portion of the CDMO has lower gross margin compared to the prime segment. Is that 
understanding right? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Amey, could you just repeat the tail end of the question, the last sentence? 
Amey Chalke: See, despite having higher CDMO share during this quarter, our gross margins have moved down 
so does that mean that the CDMOs gross margins are lower than the prime API gross margin? 
Saharsh Davuluri: No, I may add. I think that's not a right deduction. I think as I had indicated in the remarks, on 
high-margin CMS product the shipments were not there this quarter. And other than that, I think 
some of the higher -margin GDS products also didn't happen lik e paliperidone is another one, 
which I talked about in our remarks.  
 So if I have to say these 2 products had an impact but the rest of the products were pretty 
consistent. And I think the basic hypothesis you have is that the CMS margins are significantly 
higher than the prime products gross margin is very valid.  So I think those would be the two 
major factors other than that, they may be small nuances, but overall, the margins of the CMS 
products are significantly higher than the prime products. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. The second question I have, there are 2 things within last few calls. One was the expanded 
capacity for 1 of the CDMO contracts. And there was 1 CMS project, which was supposed to be 
commercialized in upcoming quarters. Where are these two things at present currently? And 
when should we see revenues coming in from these two triggers. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. I think I alluded to this, but I'll expand since you're asking a question. I think the expansion 
of capacity for the additional volume of the CMS product expansion has been successfully 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
completed. That ramp-up has started and it actually we've seen volumes being shipped in Q3 as 
well, but the ramp-up is still very early.  
 It is going to take maybe another one or two quarters to really pick up so that's with regards to 
the capacity that was created in Unit 3 and how it's being utilized. The additional CMS molecule, 
which we talked about being commercialized, they get commercialized and there were some 
shipments that I believe went out in the tail end of the quarter, but I think a lot of it remains to be 
shipped. I think going forward in Q4 and into the next year, and we believe it will be a continuous 
business going forward. So I think the revenues from that molecule, maybe they're just in a very 
small component. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just the first one, since it's an in-line quarter. I just want to understand Q4 and full year fiscal '26, 
what are we expecting again? I don't you don't give like a number. But I just want to understand 
what gives us optimism about Q4, which may not have happened panned out like the way in Q3 
that makes us maintain our outlook for '26? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. Shyam, I think we are going through a ramp-up period right now. And the good news is that 
our ramp-up is going on as planned. So , I think our unit scale up new products and the order 
flow, I think, is continuing to go well. I think with regards to the outlook for the quarter or FY26, 
I think now that we are getting into the tail end of the year. 
 I just want to be very cautious not to kind of give any sort of guidance or input and I know that's 
not what you're seeking. But I just kind of try to give you two or three thoughts, which I'll leave 
you to connect Shyam. See, as indicated, the ramp up is happening in a very lumpy manner. 
We're seeing like potentially INR100 crores shipment, INR50 crores shipments going out.  
 In this environment, as a team, we feel a little guarded not to kind of sound very clear or 
directional in terms of how we see it happen. So, my request is to just kind of look at the medium-
term horizon and acknowledge that we see things going largely as per that plan. If you were to 
draw a line on March 31, I think maybe I would not be able to give you any more indication that 
whatever I have said so far. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Helpful. Sir, just a second question is on the traction from innovators. You talked about 
for the peptide molecule and why they are more keen and gives you the what about the renewed 
confidence you have in all the peptide capex that you have announced. If you could double-click 
on that? And are there any illustrations while not taking specific company names, what are some 
of the say, the work the process design work that you mentioned. Something like that, that gives 
us some more comfort on that particular capex? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, sure, Shyam. I think ever since we announced the peptide investment and I think even 
leading up to that, I think there's always been a lot of awareness in the pharma space about 
Neuland's peptide CDMO capabilities. And I think even this year, we've seen at least to the top 
of my recollection 5 or 6 innovators come into Neuland, with peptide projects, which are kind of 
underway there in development.  
[[PAGE 8]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 However, these are still very early stage , programs. So I wouldn't associate them with revenue 
certainty. But it is definitely an indication that innovators are looking at Neuland as a part of a 
peptide development and peptide manufacturing.  I think it would be ideal for Neuland in FY 27 
if we were able to secure at least 1 commercial manufacturing arrangement for a peptide NCE  
 That's something that I think is very much possible, and that's something that we are working 
towards. But that would be a good outcome for us having set up this large peptide certainty, 
which will be ready for commissioning in July. Other than that, a lot of early -stage interest is 
there. Big pharma, I think big pharma is engaging with us on peptides.  
 We believe that our endpoint into a lot of new big pharma, not the ones that we are already 
working with. But the ones who are not familiar with Neuland previously, would be through 
peptides. But this is still in a conversation stage where discussions are happening.  
                                               This is also where our move into the new R&D campus in Genome Valley will be very helpful 
because the idea is to also create a very modern process development, scale up facility for 
peptides. And then when you have a good modern R&D setup for peptides, in our new campus 
in Genome Valley. And then you combine that with the newly created large -scale peptide 
manufacturing capacity, then we would have a configuration, which would probably not be 
matched by many Indian CDMOs. So that's the value proposition. Assets are still being created. 
So, it's very hard for us to have concrete projects or deals but I think the message is already being 
percolated. So, I think we'll have some exciting developments, I believe, in the next year or so. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pratiti from Param Capital. 
Pratiti: I just wanted to know what would be the impact of the current India EU deal that has happened 
in the India U.S. deal as well? 
Saharsh Davuluri: I think the deals obviously seem welcome the way I think we understand it. I think the typically, 
where it's the U.S., I think EU, there is a reduction in terms of what the tariff or the fees would 
be for import of API. But for us, that has anyway been traditionally borne by our customers, the 
formulators. I guess the EU trade deal just means that cost of procurement of API from India for 
European pharma companies becomes a little cheaper.  
 So perhaps we become a little bit more attractive.  We don't see any material change. I think it 
just makes the business a little bit more attractive. With regards to the U.S. deal, there's no direct 
benefit because, as you know, Pharma has been exempt from tariffs all along. And therefore, 
we've never been subject to tariffs until now.  
 But I guess it does remove a little bit of an overhang for the industry because there was a little 
bit of an issue. But I guess this is just a personal observation is that there seems to be a continued 
intent for the U.S. to secure API manufacturing in the  U.S. And that's something that we'll have 
to still wait and watch. I think the U.S. India trade deal does not really alleviate that that potential 
concern. So, we'll have to just monitor and also  probably strategize accordingly. That's how I 
would read the situation. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aanchal Jalan from Ananta Capital. 
Aanchal Jalan: My questions are regarding our capital allocation. My first question, I like to summarize in a few 
points. So firstly, in H1 balance sheet, our inventory is of INR550 crores, which you have 
outlined is for sales setup. But this number is even higher than our guy profit by around 2x. 
Secondly, in Q2 concall, you mentioned API manufacturing takes about 4 months? 
 But according to environmental content, our majority APIs have added 5 to 6 manufacturing 
process even our largest revenue contributing molecule has 7%. So, I believe majority API should 
take approximately two  weeks to manufacture only because even if 4 -month manufacturing is 
there, this inventory, even at a blended level of their raw material work in progress and finished 
goods seems to be for approximate 7 to 8 months at 40% of cost of goods sold? 
 And lastly, this 9-month revenue increase is of 10% to 15%. Inventory has increased by INR170 
crores and PAT by INR150 crores. So, prima facie, it looks like whatever profits we do are due 
to inventory gain. So, can you please provide some clarity on these points? Or will we be seeing 
any write-off? I'll ask my follow-up later. 
Abhijit Majumdar: If you look at our inventory day total days  145, right? And the inventory holding period on our 
current sales basis is 124 days, which is as we have rightfully said around  4 months. Now we 
are ramping up our inventories because we expect as the capacities generate the volumes, we 
hope to see a ramp up in revenue in terms of sales so I guess this is a transition period, right, 
between us having bought the raw materials plus the ramp-up that we are expecting. 
 So what will typically happen is over the next two or three quarters, you will see that it will come 
back to something like 90 days from the current 124 and you can already see it because inQ1FY26 
it was 149 days, then it was 123 and it's 124. So maybe, hopefully, in the next 3 quarters, you'll 
see this coming back to something like 3 months from 4 months. Does that answer your question. 
Aanchal Jalan: Just 1 thing. I note that the increase in PAT is by around INR150 crores in this 9 months, whereas 
inventory has increased by around INR170 crores. So, prima facie it is still looking at the profit 
are due to inventory again. Can you touch up on that? 
Abhijit Majumdar: No, I don't think that correlation is not correct. You should see increase in inventory with 
reference to the ramp -up. Increase in PAT has been correlation with the increase in inventory 
because eventually, I kind of create inventory for future sales, right? So eventually, we should be 
correlated with future sales. So that's the way you should look at it. Please, I would say, don't 
kind of link it to profit. 
Aanchal Jalan: Sir, can you please repeat just repeat this once again? 
Abhijit Majumdar: Thing is that your inventory ramp up is a kind of a precursor to ramp up of revenue, right? So 
what we have been doing is we've been ramping our inventory to make sure that we are able to 
meet our revenue expectations from our customers in subsequent quarters, right? Now the 
conversion of inv entory to sales depends on a lot of other factors like production, ability to 
etcetera. and obviously, the change of adding a customer, etcetera. So , the way to look at it is 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
that. 
Aanchal Jalan: Sorry to interrupt the inventory increase has been more than revenue since the past 2 years. So, I 
was just focusing on that one? 
Abhijit Majumdar: No. So if you look at our inventory over, say, let's take an example that if you were to look at our 
inventory in FY25, our inventory days was 94 days to sale. Today, that 94 is 124 days to sale. So 
typically, we are holding on sales days around 3 months. That has moved up to 4 months and so 
don't look at it as an absolute figure that is saying moving up from 386 to 548 look a t it from a 
perspective of days. So when you look at it from a perspective of days, it actually moved up by 
30 days. 
Moderator: Thank you Th e next question is from the line of Ritika Agarwal from Value  Quest. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritika Agarwal: First question is on the number of active projects that we've seen at the end of this quarter. We've 
seen in API in terms of commercial one new molecule being added, which we have been speaking 
about, while al so in the intermediate, we see two  molecules being added in the commercial 
segment. Could you highlight a bit on this opportunity? 
S E Medikonda: I think if you were to look at a full year perspective, I think the key molecules that we have been 
talking about in the past, as Saharsh had mentioned during this commentary too, we have seen 
the commercialization of that molecule. And I think what we have called out are the more 
significant molecule and if we were to look at it from the intermediates, I think there are some of 
the other molecule which are linked with say the API, which are there.  
 So they are not as high in terms of the potential, but it is more something which is linked to some 
of the development or commercial APIs, which is happening.  So that's the way to look at it. 
Whatever we see, which is impactful from a commercial moving the needle perspective, we at 
least to give some color on them. So, I think that is the way to look at it. 
Ritika Agarwal: So got that. Second question is on the new block of a commercialized molecule that got 
commercialized last quarter, and as per your commentary, we were supposed to ramp up starting 
this quarter. But just wanted more clarity on this. Is there a delay in that commercialization 
process because earlier we had said that there is a capacity constraint and once you've added this 
100 metric tons of added capacity, and we've also talked about lumpiness of supply and this. So 
what exactly is happening on the broader terms if you could make us understand? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. Sure, Ritika. I had alluded to this in my commentary, but I try to elaborate it a little bit. I 
think our ramp-up of our new production facility is going on quite well. And since given the large 
volume and the large value of this business, I think the  ramp-up will happen in, I think, over a 
period of time. The ramp-up by itself, I would not say is delayed. I think it's continuing.  
 In fact, we've had significant shipments in the quarter as well. But I would also acknowledge that 
we have not even reached the kind of capacities that we have built. And your question which is 
very valid is that, okay, there is a need for more capacity and now you have created capacity then 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
why aren't you producing at full capacity. 
 I think that's where the complexity of this business kicks in. And I think whether it is not just 
about the supply chain complexity, which involves inventories and inventory management, but 
it's also about product manufacturing, modification and regulatory  filings, different markets, et 
cetera.  
 And many of these CDMO molecules, there are extensive issues around all these domains, which 
have to be delta. And frankly speaking, even forget about the API manufacturer, but the drug 
product manufacturer, which is our customer, also sometimes fail to comprehend everything. So 
I guess the short answer is that the ramp-up is going to happen.  
 It has started there are no challenges or problems that are facing the ramp up but the time line of 
the ramp up and how it will hit full capacity is something tha t we are also trying to uncover and 
I think for us, the way our CMS business is scaling up, we see that it will ramp up fairly rapidly.  
 And I think maybe we should see as reaching full production soon, not just for the Unit 3 new 
facility, but for the other CDMO molecule as well. But I think there are too many unknowns that 
we are dealing with. These are all issues that we are also trying to uncover as we go. But I would 
definitely not put them in bucket, which I would call as a problem. I think it's just the time it 
takes to ramp up. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes. Couple of questions from my side. So 1 of them is unit specific, but it's not for this quarter 
or this fiscal the question is, I mean, as Neuland shifted from low-margin APIs to complex APIs 
and CDMO services, and can you recall what were the hardest part of that transition that started 
somewhere around 2005 -2006. So ages ago, but what were the kind of hardest part of the 
transition that are perhaps not visible to a new investor or even your existing new employees who 
have joined recently? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, Sajal, I think it's an interesting question, maybe since you have put us on the spot, I'll just 
try to give on the fly maybe Sajeev, you want to add, you can. I think 2 challenges, I think, are 
fairly strong. One is when you are switching from a prime products kind of a business to a more 
complex business, there will be certain investments that have to be made, right, not just on the 
R&D side, but even in the facility.  
 The need for capital allocation, especially as the business that you are trying to get into is 
unknown and fraught with the rest because you are trying to partner with an innovator whose 
drug is not even yet approved. And then now you are going to spend, say, INR10 crores, INR15 
crores, INR20 crores to modify your production plant to accommodate a Phase III or Phase II 
CDMO molecule.  
 That decision to allocate capital for that where there is no guaranteed retail, there is nothing to 
underwrite that investment. I wo uld think that, that's perhaps one  major challenge. I think the 
second challenge is more, I think, organizational challenge and internal challenge because the   
[[PAGE 12]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
it's very challenging to stop or discontinue a very low -margin, high-volume products where we 
are fundamentally not equipped to compete.  
 And I think many of you are aware, I think Saj al you are also aware there wa s products like 
Ranitidine we used to manufacture it used to be one of our largest products back in the day and 
now we don't even produce that, to make a decision to stop that product is probably the second 
biggest challenge because that will face resistance not only from the customers and yes, you give 
customers maybe a 2-year notice period saying that we're going to stop.  
 But it still creates a lot of resistance from the customers. It creates a lot of resistance internally 
within the organization, right, because your sales teams, your operating teams, even your senior 
management are questioning the decision to maybe stop a product. But sometimes, those are the 
hard decisions that we had to make in order to flip from being what we were to what we are 
trying to become. 
S E Medikonda: So Sajal, to add to that, another element of it is operationally, if we look at it, the GDS business, 
so to speak, is coming in from a number of products which contribute, and that is the mindset of 
a lot of our operations team even as their mind space is taken more by the GDS products but the 
value that we see is coming more from the CMS projects. So making the transition from, say, the 
product outlook say for someone who is doing planning of the production those people making 
that change is also something which we have been working on, and we are seeing that team come 
into effect over the last 2 years or so. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes. No, that's helpful. I mean you guys kind of summarized the last 20 years of annual report 
and so to speak. And second question is I'm looking at Slide 12, and there is a kind of a pattern, 
and I saw you had joined the call late, so maybe I missed the initial 20 minutes. There is a pattern 
to my mind and help us just double-click on this one.? 
 So, when I look at the development pipeline, right, from preclinical to Phase III, that's kind of 
consistently drying up or that's the impression I'm getting as an outsider. I mean if the 
development pipeline is not strong, how will the commercial pick up 3, 4, 5 years out? yes, you 
can always do a tech transfer, a molecule is shifting from China as an example? 
 And that could be an inorganic addition, which is currently not in the dashboard.  But looking at 
the organic pipeline, the development pipeline should pick up, right? I mean, otherwise, at some 
point in time, we may struggle with the commercial momentum. may not be immediately, but 
let's say, 3, 4, 5 years out? 
S E Medikonda: So Sajal, I think the observation is right, even as it may seem that the number of projects seems 
to be if you compare say to last year seems to be similar. But what you also we need to keep in 
mind is that we are kind of actively keep the list active. And you also know that there are a lot of 
pages, especially when it comes to the preclinical and Phase I the if we were to look, I see a 
number of projects which came in last quarter.  
 I think we had close to 6 to 8 new projects come in. But at the same time, we also know that some 
of the projects which we had worked on became unviable.  So that is something that we are 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
actively trying to keep the list active rather than just inflate the number. And that process itself 
is something which is a little difficult because the time that some of the molecules spend in Phase 
I, Phase II sometimes customers are trying to look for funding. Those are things which are 
literally tricky. So as much as possible, so that is a key element. I think Saharsh, if you can just 
add to that in terms of the strategy. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, I think the question is very valid. And I think maybe even Sajeev, I think we should also go 
back and try to analyze critically as to are there any gaps in terms of our sales business 
development process. that is creating any kind of a downward trend.  But the 1 thing that I can 
also disclose as an organization, we are our business development force, our presales team, 
etcetera, their goals are more aligned around the quality of projects to be brought in, the quality 
of customers that we want to engage with.  
 And I can also assure you that as we are becoming more successful and as we are learning more 
about this business, our threshold for engagement with the marketplace is also changing a little 
bit which means that perhaps 5 years ago, 7 years ago, if there i s an entrepreneur who had 
absolutely no capital, but just an idea and it was maybe a generic molecule, just a different sort 
of a generic molecule. 
 We would perhaps still engage with that customer and maybe consider that to be a project. Today, 
we tend to be a little bit more cautious. We try to make sure that that the program is well funded 
and that there will be at least moderate the chance that this drug will see the clinic. So that is also 
becoming, I would say, as a more firmer thresh old for us but notwithstanding that, we are 
definitely not regarding our people based on this tracker.  
 We do think it gives a fair representation of how the pipeline stands today. But ultimately, the 
way we measure the performance of the people is, are you able to engage with big pharma on 
any of these projects? Are you able to attract peptide projects from  biotech companies. Are you 
able to attract projects from the by the companies that we have profiled actively. 
 So that's where we try to focus our energies on. And in that context, we think our pipeline is 
pretty healthy today compared to where it was in the past. But yes, to your point, yes, maybe 
there could be some gaps which we also need to go back and see how we can do better over there. 
Sajal Kapoor: That's very comforting and reassuring. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Dhoot from Dymon Asia Capital. 
Harshit Dhoot: Saharsh, keeping in mind the base of FY 24. And as you also know that our quarterly numbers 
are very lumpy. So if we see from 3 to 5 years perspective, taking in mind FY24 base, how should 
we see the growth and margin trajectory of the Neuland going forward? Is it improving from 
there onwards and other part and are we entering into the multi  fold growth period from next 5 
years perspective, the kind of pipeline that we have and the kind of shipments that you have 
discussed that now we are shipping around INR50 crores, INR100 crores of the individual 
segments? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Saharsh Davuluri: Thanks for the question. No, I think we feel pretty good. Actually, I think we are in a good space. 
The way our business is coming together I think what makes the Neuland value proposition very 
attractive is the fact that the molecules that current commerc ial base both on the CMS side as 
well as on the generic side. These molecules have a very long runway of commercial prosperity.  
 And I think we are still in the early days of ramping them up. I believe that the current year FY26 
and as we go into FY 27, it's kind of the period where the ramp -up is going to happen. This is 
driven not only by the previously commercialized CMS molecules but also the newly expanded 
capacity in Unit 3, the additional the CMS molecule that just has started commercializing.  
 So these will probably come into formation will  probably ramp up in the next two to three 
quarters. We expect that, that will show the potential of the business. We've also indicated earlier 
that if you see the EBITDA margins that we've had in FY '24, which is around 30%, is a fair 
representation of the kind of margins that this business is capable of. I know we had a very muted 
EBITDA this quarter.  
 But again, that's also because of the reasons that were already explained. And it's not really a 
representative of the business going forward. With regards to the growth itself, I think what I 
would like to reiterate again is our growth for the next 2 to 3 years is kind of preordained the fact 
that these products are already there, and we just need to execute. And yes, there will always be 
a little bit of hiccups around a couple of quarters here and there.  
 But I think the next 2, 3 years, growth is already preordained by these products.  What we are 
working towards, which is the peptide investment, the expansion, et cetera, are kind of set growth 
trajectory for beyond the 3-year period. 
 And that's where there is also a certain uncertainty, and that's where the need for engaging more 
with big pharma, the need for expanding our wallet share with some of these relationships the 
peptide investments. I think these all start kicking in. And I b elieve that Neuland is very well 
positioned from this region to capitalize on those opportunities. So yes, so I think that's what kind 
of makes the picture attractive, at least from our perspective. 
Harshit Dhoot: So when a business starts to pick up, then we see a significant growth path than the growth margin 
and then the business matures. And keeping in mind, the big sector tailwind, your investments 
into the peptides, new CMS m olecules that we are witnessing, so where are we positioned in 
terms of the business cycle, i n the starting significant growth phase or the second or the other 
one?  
Saharsh Davuluri: I would still say we're in the early part of our growth rate, Harshit because the ramp -ups are yet 
to begin.  I think these investments then perhaps create an opportunity for growth beyond the 3- 
to 4-year period. So I think as an organization, as a team, we are aspiring for a decadal growth. I 
think if you look at 2026 to 2036 I think there is a potential for a business like this to grow at 20-
plus CAGR, but that requires I think, a sequence of right plans to fall in place. But I would say 
that we are in the early phase. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from Whiteoak Investments. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: I heard you answering on gross margin, and I also saw a comment on the presentation about 
product mix. but still not very clear. So if you can just help me understand why gross margins 
look softer this quarter despite the mix of the business from a segment point of view is okay? 
 But it seems that within CMS , there is a product mix issue, but our CMS  is not many products, 
commercial, if you see, right? So I'm just surprised, although you made the comment on product 
mix, but I'm just surprised on the margins still. So if you can maybe elaborate on the CMS product 
mix a little bit to the extent possible? 
S E Medikonda: I think Saharsh answered this question a little earlier. So on the CMS side, we said our margins, 
gross margin, as you said, are higher and much higher than the prime. But 1 of the key products 
which wasn't part of our revenues this quarter has generally a much higher margin than the 
average for the CMS side. And the other thing is even on the GDS specialty side too. 
 We had 1 paliperidone, which has been a key contributor over the last few quarters, which is, 
again, a very high margin product, where we were not able to ship due to, say, operational issues 
that our customers win. So those 2 things from a product mix pers pective within the businesses 
were things which have impacted our gross margins. 
Dheeresh Pathak: Understood. And this paliperidone thing expected to resolve next quarter or it's slightly  more 
structural? 
Saharsh Davuluri: I think it will be next financial year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from the Boring AMC. 
Rikin Shah: So you have already answered questions on molecules and pipeline. So my question on that end 
are already answered. But I just wanted to understand the quality of discussions incrementally, 
you have said that growth for 3 years now only depends on execution. But for the growth ahead, 
like you said, decade growth will require a certain type of focus. So what are the type of 
conversations with innovators, we are engaging in to make CMS a really bi g endeavor for us 
down the line? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. I think the in the kind of conversations that we are engaging and these are continuous 
conversations in terms of trying to understand what are those white spaces for innovators where 
they need some kind of a partner from like Neuland. And what this wo uld mean is typically we 
have a very good sense of the marketplace who are all the big pharma as well as some of the 
more active biotech companies out there.  
 Engaging with them, trying to identify what are the pain points and where Neuland could help 
them and then trying to make sure that they are connected with the value proposition is essentially 
what we have to do. What that process is also teaching us is how do we find a place in that white 
space, right?  
 So that is something that is part of our 5 -10-year journey is identifying these investment 
opportunities and making those calls. So if I have to contextualize this and I would go back, say, 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
3 years in the past in 2022, '23, '24, our conversations with innovators led us to the firm believe 
that large-scale peptide manufacturing was a mean that innovators had.  
 And we could see an emergence of new GLP-1, amylin analogues, like a lot of peptides coming 
out require more capacity and that there was a saturation of capacity, especially in the Western 
world. So that conversations with innovators, coupled with our own due diligence, helps identify 
the white space of peptide manufacturing at large scale, and therefore, it led us to this investment. 
 So now our plan would be to, for the next 2, 3 years, work very aggressively to find partnerships 
in peptides so that we are able to kind of build business in that white space. We've identified it. 
We've created some .  We've allocated capital. We are building assets and now the time is to 
actually monetize those assets, what will give us growth, say, in the 3 to 5 years. period.  
 Continuing on that kind of work, we would have to continue to identify other kind of 
opportunities white spaces. It may not just be a new modality like peptide or oligonucleotide. It 
could also be maybe a geographic expansion perhaps building some sort of capabilities in the 
U.S. or Europe. That might give us another white space to enter into that could help us sustain 
growth beyond a 3- to 5-year period. 
 So these are just kind of the ways in which we are working. On the organizational front, we also 
have to become more future ready, which means a team that is handling a INR1,500 crores or 
INR2,000 crore business, may not be well suited to handle a INR5,000 crores or INR10,000 
crores business.  
 So what are we doing on the people side to ensure that this business can be scaled up sustainably, 
working on that front is going to be another important part of our plan. So I think we have to 
work on multiple trends on the strategy, on the business side,  looking at what opportunities are 
there, maybe from India, maybe from a global perspective. 
 We'll have to look at upskilling our people, expanding our teams, designing our teams in such a 
way that they are also thinking from a growth perspective. And I think making sure that Capital 
available and capital is deployed appropriately because we also need to find that balance between 
not putting too much risk in our growth capital and therefore, that might require us to be very 
focused in how we pursue growth.  So these are some of the broad thoughts in which we are 
working towards right now. This is what we believe will be the direction which this long -term 
growth can be achieved. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investment Management. 
Chirag Shah: I have two clarifications and one  question. Sir, first is on the gross margin side, you alluded to 
the fact that gross margins for next year can be in the ted pressure. So can you just indicate how 
should we look at it? Why I'm asking is because if you look at over the last 5 years from F Y20 
till now, we have been a constant uptrend and reaching up to 63%, which is a great achievement. 
So over the next 5 years, how should 1 look at gross margin trajectory? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. I think it's a very important question. I think it's been asked like three or four times. So I do 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
understand the underlying concern about the gross margin. What I would like to just kind of 
reiterate is that the margin for this quarter is a function of various things out of which the product 
mix is the largest factor. Please also just kind of look at o ur gross margin over the last three or 
four quarters.  
 What I would also like to provide as context is that look at our gross margins in context of this 
trend, and that will probably give you a healthier deduction on what is likely to be a stable gross 
margin for the business going forward. while I don't want to give a guidance or a number saying 
that this percentage is a gross margin.  
 What I can assure you is that the gross margin that you've seen in this quarter is more of an outlier 
or an aberration for multiple reasons that it is not a steady gross margin going forward. So I think 
what we have seen in the last two, three quarters, I think, is perhaps a better representation of the 
gross margins going forward.  
 And the gross margin of this side is more of a one  timer, which has been not only impacted  it's 
been impacted largely by the product mix, but maybe a few other smaller factors as well.  So I 
think that's probably what I can say to give you assurance but I think our margins on an overall 
basis and I think I answered this previously, we've seen a 25% to 30% EBITDA margin and we 
believe that this business is capable of 30% EBITDA margin and higher if everything is in favor, 
that kind of margins are sustainable at higher gross margins. And perhaps what we've seen in this 
quarter is not a true reflection of mean gross margins. 
Chirag Shah: And second clarification was on the product pipeline, the slide that you share every quarter. So 
See, I wanted to ask that question. My bigger word is on the commercial projects that you have, 
it is stagnating at around 9 account. Why am I saying this if you look at H1, our commercial 
revenue is more than 93%.  So if you can just elaborate on that, either the commercial pipeline 
number has to go up or the value of each pipeline has to see a significant jump for next 2 years, 
so how should we look at that? 
S E Medikonda: No. If you compare Q2 to Q3, I think, which is probably not there on this slide, Slide number 12. 
If you look at it there, we have actually added that molecule and at the same time, during the 
course of the last year, some of the older molecules were removed.  
 So in terms of the commercial number of molecules, I think we don't see anything that it is a 
concern as such because each molecule has its own story. And I think in terms of the kind of 
molecules that we have, we have been able to or rather we have been highlighting the molecules 
where we believe the growth -- a lot of the growth is coming somewhere I think that we continue 
to work on. 
Chirag Shah: Sir, my question was a bit different. I'm looking at last 4-year data. So either are we transitioning 
to a much bigger size molecule and hence, looking at the number, number of commercials is not 
relevant or has there been far mo re dropouts and that trend is not going to be there an ymore at 
this for next 2 years. Only then we can achieve this 20% curve that you are indicating  either of 
the two has to play out? 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, your question is very clear now. And I think it's a very fair question. The table, and I think 
I answered this is actually a representation of the reality. The fact that the 19 commercial 
molecules are there and your observation is actually right that this number has not changed. The 
commercial APIs is remaining at 9. The other observation which you made is absolutely right.  
 The value per molecule has also gone up. And you're absolutely right, that is the intention of the 
organization. I think when we started off in the CDMO business, our first commercial CMS 
molecule was maybe INR30 crores in revenue and that used to be for us a blockbuster. Today, I 
think we have several multi-hundred crore molecules in our CMS pipeline.  
 However, it's very difficult for us to foresee whether a drug, which is in Phase III or Phase II will 
become a multi-100 crores molecule or will remain a INR50 crores molecule. And therefore, for 
us, this table is a very dispassionate representation of our pipeline. But having said that, we are 
able to attract innovators who have higher value needs we are able to identify innovators who 
have higher value even we are now able to engage with greater success with innovators who have 
higher value needs.  
 That is, in fact, it is a certain ty. It is represented in all the commentary that you have seen.  It is 
represented in all the data that you might have seen in terms of our performance, et cetera. And 
that is something you can certainly expect from Neuland going forward is that we will keep 
looking for larger value molecules. It's just that some molecu les may still come in with lower 
value. 
 And therefore, the table will get populated with all kinds of molecules. So I think that's how I 
would look at it. The table is a lag indicator or it's rather an indicator of what is the pipeline. But 
the numbers are something that are dependent on the nat ure of each molecule and I think we've 
provided sufficient commentary to kind of substantiate the fact that a 20% kind of a growth rate 
is very much possible in the kind of pipeline that we have. 
Chirag Shah: And last suggestion, because you indicated Q3 was on expected lines. And if you were aware 
that there is going to be a significant product mix, a qualitative callout would help given that our 
quarterly are very volatile, a qualitative callout will help us then outsiders. If it was on expected 
lines as you indicated in the beginning? 
Saharsh Davuluri: No, I definitely appreciate your feedback. And I think it's something that I completely understand 
would help It's something that is very difficult for us to call out to. And as you know, that's what 
makes this business very difficult to model or predict but definitely understand your input, and 
we do make note of it.  
 I think in this particular case, it would not have been possible to make that call out I think going 
forward also this business, I think it will be very hard for us to make these kind of product mix -
related callouts ahead of time. And that's why we emphasi ze I'm looking at a slightly broader 
time horizon. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
S E Medikonda: We'd like to thank you all for taking time to attend the call and ask me questions, which also 
today got greater insight about the business in the future, even as there were some in the queue, 
we hope you understand the constraints on time. Having said tha t, please reach over to Ravi 
Udeshi of EY if you have specific questions, and we will be happy to answer them. Good evening, 
everyone. Thanks once again. 
Moderator: On behalf of Neuland Laboratories Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
