[[PAGE 1]]

[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Granules India Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KRISHNA PRASAD CHIGURUPATI - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MS. PRIYANKA CHIGURUPATI - EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH SURANA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
DR. P. V. SRINIVAS - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR - CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER, 
GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. IRFAN RAEEN - MUFG 
  

[[PAGE 3]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Granules India Ltd Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from MUFG. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Irfan Raeen: Thank you, Muskaan. On behalf of Granules India Ltd, I extend a warm welcome to all 
participants on the Q2 and H1 FY'26 Financial Results Discussion Call. 
Today on our call, we have Dr. Krishna Prasad Chigurupati – Chairman and Managing Director; 
Ms. Priyanka Chigurupati – Executive Director; Mr. Mukesh Surana – Chief Financial Officer, 
Dr. P. V. Srinivas – Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Sanjay Kumar – Chief Strategy Officer. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer: 
This call contains some of the forward -looking statements, which are completely based on our 
expectations, beliefs, and opinions as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Dr. Krishna Prasad sir, for his opening comments. 
Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Thank you, Irfan. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you very much for joining us 
on our Q2 FY'26 Earnings Call. 
We appreciate your continued interest in granules. We have uploaded a detailed presentation of 
our quarterly performance on our website. I trust you had a chance to review it. 
I will start with an update on the U.S. FDA remediation at our Gagillapur facility: 
We are in the final stages of remediation following the August 24 U.S. FDA inspection and 
thesubsequent warning letter. As communicated during the last investor call, we have reached 
the eligibility milestone for a request for a meeting and reinspection, and we have now initiated 
formal engagement with the agency. We have been granted a meeting with the FDA in January 
2026, which is Q4, and remain on track with all the required remediation measures in preparation 
of this interaction.  We continue to submit m onthly progress reports with the latest update 
provided on October 31, 2025. In addition, multiple status reports have been shared to date, and 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 14 
the FDA has raised no concerns regarding the adequacy or pace of our corrective actions. Cross-
contamination testing on more than 3,000 retrospective and concurrent samples have also shown 
no failures to date. 
Meanwhile, the Gagillapur site had received a GMP certificate from the German authorities, an 
outcome of the inspection completed in February '25. The site had also completed eight customer 
audits with no critical observations, and received the UL certificate last quarter. The facility is 
now cleared by the German and Danish authorities, with Denmark granting us a EU GMP 
certificate in July 25. 
Across our network, multiple regulatory milestones have been achieved. At GPI site located at 
Chantilly, Virginia, the U.S. FDA has issued an Establishment Inspection Report for the 
unannounced pre -approval inspection conducted in June '25 for a first -to-file controlled 
substance ANDA. Our API Unit 1 facility at Bonthapally has received an EIR and has been 
classified as VAI by the FDA following the June '25 inspection. 
Our Greenfield GLS facility at Genome Valley, Hyderabad, has received U.S. FDA approval for 
a product following the PAI conducted between July 28 and August 1, 2025. This marks the first 
FDA approval for the GL S site, strengthening our finished dosage capabilities and ena bling 
multi-site manufacturing. 
In the coming quarters, inspection for the GLS Genome Valley site, inspection by the European 
Authority is also scheduled.  With these developments, we are confident of returning to the 
growth trajectory for formulation business from India, free from delivery constraints. The 
successful U.S. FDA inspection of a greenfield formulation facility at Genome Valley unlocks 
an additional 10 billion doses of formulation capacity, a 40% increase over the existing 26 billion 
dose capacity at Gagi llapur. It also establishes a second source supply of finished dosage and 
PFIs to the U.S. from India. Supplies of monograph products to the U.S.  have already 
commenced and ramp-up of prescription product supplies will follow this FDA approval. 
With remediation at Gagil lapur expected to conclude in near future, post which we anticipate 
securing new product approvals and enabling the site to fully support our return to the growth 
trajectory. Together, these steps will free us from delivery constraints for both the U.S. and EU, 
enabling us to fully leverage the growth potential of our formulations business from India. 
Additionally, growth will come from CNS -ADHD segment from our GPI facility in the U.S., 
scale-up of large volume products in the U.S. and Europe, moving up the value chain in Europe, 
as well as the oncology capacity monetization from Unit 5 in Vizag, creating a balanced platform 
for near-term performance and long-term growth. 
Our peptide CDMO platform, Ascelis Peptides, built on Senn Chemical's strong Swiss legacy, 
is progressing well through its integration and capability building phase. Our Swiss innovation 
Indian scale model is resonating strongly with target customers and Sanjay will take you through 
this later in the call. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 14 
To conclude, we are entering the phase of reviving our growth with a stronger quality foundation, 
expanded capacity and a more diversified portfolio. Near-term momentum will be driven by the 
ramp-up of prescription supplies from our Genome Valley facility,  continued growth from our 
U.S. manufacturing operations, moving up the value chain in Europe, and finally, expected 
normalization of operations and new product approvals from Gagi llapur post -completion of 
remediation. Over the medium to long -term, our strategic expansion into high-value segments, 
such as peptides through Senn Chemicals and Ascelis Peptides, alongside oncology and new 
dosage forms, will further strengthen our competitive position. 
Supported by our sustainability COMMITMENTS and disciplined execution, we are confident 
in delivering sustained value to all stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Sanjay Kumar, our Chief Strategy Officer, who will 
share more on our peptides and CDMO growth platform. 
Sanjay Kumar: Thank you, Chairman Sir, and good afternoon everyone. Let me take you through the 
development and progress of our peptides CDMO platform, Ascelis Peptides, which is being 
built on the strong foundation of Senn Chemicals in Switzerland. Ascelis operates as a separately 
managed subsidiary, maintaining an arm's -length relationship with its parent, that is Granules 
India Limited. 
The Swiss site at Senn Chemicals continues to function as our global R&D and CDMO hub, 
ensuring complete data confidentiality and IP protection for our customers. In parallel, Ascelis 
India is being developed as a scalable manufacturing and R&D backbone, creating a swift 
innovation and Indian -scale platform that differentiates us in the global peptide CDMO 
landscape. A key milestone on the India side is the establishment of the Peptide R&D Centre of 
Excellence at Indian Institute of Technology, IIT Hyderaba d, which is now ready and will 
become operational this month. 
Over the past few months, the Senn and Ascelis teams have collaborated closely across 
Switzerland and India on CAPEX execution, quality initiatives, and various other support 
functions. This has helped reshape the business into a true CDMO model, focused on complex 
and emerging peptide segments. At the same time, we have strengthened leadership, governance, 
and performance management system at the site. 
Our quarterly performance was in line with the expectations, reflecting the ongoing transitions, 
integration activities, and inherent variability of CDMO operations. Importantly, the underlying 
traction remains strong. We are in an integration and infrastructure upgradation phase and expect 
to turn profitable in Q4 of this year, while continuing to target FY'27 as the first fully synergized 
and profitable year for Ascelis. 
On the commercial front, customer engagement continues to gain momentum. Recent 
interactions at major industry events, including CPHI Frankfurt and ongoing TIDES Europe in 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 14 
Basel from where I am speaking right now, have reinforced growing interest from leading 
innovator pharma companies, emerging biotech, and cosmetic peptides customers. We are 
seeing multiple feasibility programs, new inquiries, and renewed discussion with several global 
innovators. Our LPPS hybrid chemistry capabilities and the India-scale manufacturing narrative 
have been particularly well -received by early -stage biotech companies seeking agility, 
responsiveness, and cost -effective development pathways. Senn Chemical's deep expertise in 
liquid phase synthesis continues to attract innovators looking for scalable and economical 
process development and manufacturing solutions. In the cosmetic segment, Senn's TFA-free 
peptide offering remains a unique differentiator, valued especially by Europe -based innovators 
and brand owners. 
In summary, Ascelis is now emerging as a differentiated peptide CDMO combining Swiss 
craftsmanship, Indian efficiency and global reach. With rising partnership interests, advancing 
technology collaborations and growing customer confidence, we are building a strong 
foundation for a credible and competitive peptide CDMO platform. 
With that, I will hand over to Mukesh Surana, our CFO, who will take you through the financial 
performance. 
Mukesh Surana: Thank you, CMD and Sanjay. Let me take you all through the top financial parameters now.  
Revenue: 
The 2nd Quarter  revenues were Rs.  12,970 million as compared to Rs. 9,666 million in Q2 
FY'25, reflecting a growth of 34% and revenues sequentially grew by 7% as compared to Q1 
FY'26. Year-on-year growth was primarily driven by the formulation business in North America 
and Europe. In Q2 FY'25, the Company had voluntarily paused production in Gagillapur plants 
to reassess the potential risk on account of U.S. FDA observations. The sales break -ups as per 
business divisions and geographic regions are presented  in our investor presentation, whi ch is 
available on the website. 
Gross Margin: 
We delivered a strong gross margin of 65.7% in Q2 FY'26 representing an improvement of 368 
basis points year -on-year and 82 basis points sequentially. Gross margin improved primarily 
because of improvement in operational efficiency and product mix. 
EBITDA and EBITDA Margin : EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 2,782 million i.e. 21.5% of 
sales as compared to Rs. 2,033 million that is 21% of sales in Q1 FY'25, an improvement of 42 
basis points from Q2 FY'25 . Despite EBITDA loss of Ascelis peptides of Rs. 200 million. 
EBITDA as percentage of sales for Q2 FY'26 is improved by 106 basis points from Q1 FY'26The 
improvement in EBITDA was primarily due to sale growth and margin expansion. 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 14 
R&D: R&D expenses for the quarter were Rs. 705 million i.e. 5.4% to sales as compared to Rs. 
524 million i.e. 5.4% to sales in Q2 FY '25 and Rs. 678 million i.e. 5.6% to sales in Q1 FY '26. 
We will continue to spend similar expenses to support long term strategic growth. 
Net debt: 
Our net debt stood at Rs. 10,241 million as compared to Rs. 9,480 million in Q1 FY'26 primarily 
due to increase in CAPEX spends in the quarter. 
Cash-to-Cash Cycle: 
Our cash-to-cash cycle was 204 days in the current quarter as compared to 205 days in Q1 FY'26. 
Cash Flow from Operations: 
Our cash flow from operations for the quarter was Rs . 1,937 million as compared to Rs . 2,806 
million in Q1 FY'26. 
CAPEX: 
Our CAPEX spend during the quarter was Rs. 2,112 million as compared to Rs 1,137 million in 
Q1 FY'26. 
ROCE: 
ROCE for Q2 FY'26 is 16.2% as compared to 16% in Q1 FY'26. 
With this, I open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Tarang: Hi, good evening. Congrats for a strong quarter and the compliance outcomes that you received 
for a couple of your facilities in the last quarter. I had a couple of questions actually.  One, just 
to get the health of the organic, the base business ex-Senn. Is there any positive or negative one-
off in this quarter? 
Mukesh Surana: So, Tarang, one -off with respect to the overall granules group you are asking or any specific 
question? 
Tarang: I mean, special one-time opportunities or some one-time expenditures that you incurred in this 
quarter? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 14 
Mukesh Surana: So, the US FDA consultancy expenses is continuing. Other than that, it is more or less similar. 
Of course, post-acquisition of Ascelis, there is a full quarter loss in the current quarter. 
Tarang: With the first quarter of Ascelis integrated into the business, would it be fair to presume that all 
the fixed costs associated are baked into your P&L and this is the trend that we should see going 
forward or we could see further escalation in your cost structures? 
Mukesh Surana: In terms of fixed cost, Tarang, full quarter expenses have been considered. So, it will be similar 
going forward. Maybe some additional if at all if you want to hire a headcount. And with respect 
to the revenue and profitability visibility, Sanjay has already covered in his discussion. Sanjay, 
do you want to add on? 
Sanjay Kumar: Sure. So, Tarang, the same thing as Mukesh confirmed. There could be minor headcount-related 
expenditure as we build our operations in India going forward.  But from the revenue and the 
cost perspective, things are expected to get better from here. 
Tarang:                                 Question not audible 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: Hi. Good evening, sir. So, a few questions from my end.  So, firstly, Ascelis includes Senn 
Chemicals, right? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Yes, Ritwik. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. So, this 20 crores is related to c ompletely Senn  chemicals. Would that be a right 
understanding? 
Mukesh Surana: It is largely Senn chemicals only. Ascelis, we have just started some of the R&D infrastructure 
setup. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. Got it. And sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that you expect to turn profitable 
in Ascelis Peptide. So, what kind of revenue trajectory should we expect going forward in 
Ascelis Peptide and Senn chemicals combined? And what is the base right now? If you can give 
us that figure for Q2?  
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Sanjay, why don't you go ahead with that? But basically, I don't think we don't give guidelines. 
But Sanjay, you can give a strategic outlook. 
Sanjay Kumar: Yes. Sure. Happy to jump in  See, we will be unable to diverge the details at a quarterly split 
level. But it's safe to assume that the base with which we acquired is just under 20 million. And 
the growth will be multiple around that. We are not looking at incremental growth around it. But 
we will not be able to provide you a quarter-to-quarter guidance. And current base business is in 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 14 
no way a reflection to what we intend to build, given the excitement in the peptide space.  And 
the encouraging new inquiries that we are receiving bases are Swiss and India play. So, we will 
leave it at qualitative at this moment. Yes, that's where I will stop. 
Ritwik Sheth: Sure, and sorry to hop upon Ascelis peptide and Senn Chemicals , what is the capital employed 
in Ascelis peptide and Senn Chemicals? 
Mukesh Surana: there's no major change from what we have said in the last earnings call. It is a total Rs. 450 
crore of acquisition debt plus equity. And additionally, we have invested another 100 crores for 
additional scaling up of CAPEX. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. And what could be the asset turn that you would have going forward once you completely 
integrate this over the next two years? Can you give some sense on that? 
Mukesh Surana: It's a CDMO business. So, CDMO business asset term would be completely different than the 
normal business. And also the margin profiles would be completely different.  So, we are 
generally not giving sales guideline. But what Sanjay has clarified already is, there is a base and 
we are not looking at simple incremental growth. It will be a multiple of the base. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. And what is the internal timeline to scale this up? Would it be two years-three years or 
sooner than that? Just to get a qualitative sense on that. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Sanjay, can you answer that? 
Sanjay Kumar: Sure. So, the first year we want to just make sure that we turn profitable. And FY '27, that's the 
target is to turn it profitable. In terms of a build out, the CDMO business is typically a long lead 
item. But it doesn't mean that we have to wait out three years to get to what we realize. I think 
we have been good shape in starting with the six months from now to an 18 month period. That's 
where we start converting some of the inquiries into the real businesses for ourselves.  And we 
keep our investment proportional to the kind of projects that we start getting in. So, aga in, 
stopping short of guidance, b ut we are not looking at a very, very long term beyond three year 
horizon. But the real build out happens from a one to three year period itself. Again, a multiplier 
function, not an incremental function. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. And I have one more question. Can I go ahead? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Yes, go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: So, sir, if you see in the last 2 to 3 years, we have  been around this ballpark, top line of 
approximately 700 to 1,200 crores per quarter. And earlier in the last phase from 2014 -2015 to 
2022, we have grown at double digit.  So, would you think that with all these remediation and 
the new site getting approvals one -by-one, would you suggest that we would start growing at 
double digit from FY'27 onwards on the topline on the base business and plus peptide business? 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 14 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: I think you are right, Tarang. We were constrained by certain things last few years. But now, 
like I said in my opening remarks, we are going to have a breakout and get back on our growth 
track. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Asset Management.  
Please go ahead. 
Tarang: I was lost in the middle. So, the last few questions were not by me. They were from someone 
else. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Okay, go ahead. 
Tarang: Sir, just to get a better sense of the German subsidiary that's been incorporated, what's the 
thought process there? And number two, we saw very strong traction in both your Europe 
business as well as your US business this quarter. So, has that got to do anything with 
Paracetamol coming back? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: A little bit, Tarang. Not totally Paracetamol. But now your first question about the German 
subsidiary. We are focusing on EU growth now. And we need to have an arrangement for 
stocking and selling. So, that's the reason we are starting a subsidiary there.  It will not be a big 
affair, but slowly we see growth there. And regarding the growth, EU is going as per plan. We 
had a little dull slowdown in the last quarter, but it's on track now. And of course, the US, as we 
anticipated, mentioned many times, we are expecting a very strong growth from our US 
manufacturing especially, more than Indian products sold in  the US. GPI as a standalone unit 
has picked up and doing quite well. And we anticipated good growth from there. 
Tarang: Has that meaningfully contributed this quarter? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Yes, Tarang. 
Tarang: Okay. Thank you guys. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please go 
ahead. 
Priti Agarwal: Thank you so much for the opportunity. I would like to know what were the key drivers behind 
the increase in EBITDA? 
Mukesh Surana: The key driver is largely operational efficiency. Operational efficiency, of course, includes 
various things in terms of yield improvement and some of the leveraging on the packing side, 
etc. And also product mix. And this EBITDA margin could have been further higher if EBITDA 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 14 
loss of peptides was not there. So, the product mix and operational efficiency has helped us in 
improving EBITDA. 
Priti Agarwal: Understood. And how did the 200 million EBITDA loss from Ascelis peptides affect overall 
profitability? 
Mukesh Surana: So, the turnover we have already covered in the presentation. So, it is almost similar number of 
turnover quarter-on-quarter in Ascelis, Rs. 28 crores-Rs. 29 crores. And the EBITDA loss is 
about Rs. 20 crores from Ascelis. 
Priti Agarwal: Understood, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maitri Shah from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Maitri Shah: Hello. Just on the peptide business. So, we said that we will turn profitable. Are we expecting to 
turn PAT profitable or EBITDA profitable by Q4? 
Sanjay Kumar:  In Q4 we should be PAT profitable. 
Maitri Shah: And do we see a lot of program  coming in in this business, that is why we are expecting this 
PAT profitable from Q4 or this is mostly on...How do we expect this growth to happen?  
Sanjay Kumar: I understood the question. So, we do have the visibility for the Q4 right now and if execute it 
well, we are hopeful of turning profitable in Q4. And that's very much in the side. On the 
inquiries and on the new projects, those are longer lead items and those will get realized 
subsequently. But our Q4 performance will not be largely dependent on those development or 
any outcome of those discussions. But yes, there are indeed some great discussions that is 
ongoing. But I will just caveat it by saying that these are slightly long lead time discussions and 
we will have to wait out. But we are very hopeful of converting those. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. So, then the entirety of FY'27, do we expect these inquiries to convert or are we expecting 
them to happen post FY'27? 
Sanjay Kumar: So, these are typically, we are talking to innovators with their in  clinical assets and their 
programs. It could be a calendar year 26, financial year 27. And the visibility we have is over a 
longer horizon as well. These will have the projects and the programs at various stages. In FY'27, 
we are in discussion with companies with a program in FY '28 and subsequently for the later 
stages the project goes through. So, these are very long lead time discussions.  Part of it can be 
realized in the co ming year. And there will be an ongoing component from there based on the 
success of a project. And we become a co-traveler along the innovators on the agenda. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 14 
Maitri Shah: Okay. And secondly, what sort of revenues do we need to clock in to have a positive EBITDA 
and also a positive PAT? I don't want any guidance, but hitting this revenue figure can turn us 
profitable, basically? 
Sanjay Kumar: I won't be able to give you the exact detail, but when you see the Q4 numbers, we will get a 
better idea on what could be a breakeven number, both on EBITDA and PAT front. We do have 
the visibility and we will cross that in Q4. 
Maitri Shah: What sort of visibility do we have, sir? Are these contracts that something we got into before 
this business was incorporated? 
Sanjay Kumar: As a part of our project, there are certain commercial products out of the previous project, which 
have gone to a commercial stage and there are supply commitments and those are phased out 
along different quarters. The visibility that we have for the Q4 for  those commercial supplies 
items will help us take us over the profitability benchmark and breakeven numbers. 
Maitri Shah: So, these projects, these commercial projects will continue throughout FY '27. Is that also 
correct? 
Sanjay Kumar: Yes, that will also be correct. 
Maitri Shah: So, could you give us like an annual range of what is this commercial project, like what sort of 
annual revenue we see? 
Sanjay Kumar: We cannot divulge more detail on more granularity into the business at this point in time. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Yes, that is it from my side. Thank you so much for answering. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Sowilo Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya: Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the Gagillapur facility. So, I think earlier the 
timeline we were looking at was December 2025 to get the FDA to re -inspect. Are we still on 
that timeline? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: No, not really, Aditya. We expected once we were ready for the inspection and once we inform 
FDA, we thought that they would come for a quick re -inspection. So, we did get back to them 
last month and they gave us a meeting only in January of '26. And after that, how long they are 
going to take is something we will see. But from our side, we are ready and let's hope that it all 
happens fast. 
Aditya: Okay. So, just to understand, so now when we say that we need them to come and inspect, so 
what kind of like in terms of say, I don't know if it's the right word to use, but revenue loss 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 14 
because of this we are facing or is it that we are compensating for the volumes to some other 
facility? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: We had constraints in capacity and we were not operating at full capacity, Aditya. Definitely 
there was a revenue loss because of that. We did compensate from our US manufacturing quite 
well and a little bit on OTC products from our GLS facility.  But now with the approval of the 
GLS facility by the FDA, we will be able to manufacture more RX products from here and we 
should be able to make up for and we should be able to increase our revenues. However, once 
the Gagillapur facility is out of the warning letter, we have some approvals, new products that 
are pending. And once we get those, I think there'll be a better increase in revenue. 
Aditya: Okay. So, basically it's not, it's not that the existing ones which will get spread. We have, there 
is scope for further revenue growth once it comes back online, right? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: That's right. Not only from GLS, but also from Gagillapur itself, there'll be better growth. 
Aditya: Understood. That was my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: Thank you for the follow-up. So, just one question, you mentioned that the consultancy expenses 
are still going on in this quarter. So, can you just give us that figure for Q2 and H1 FY'26? 
Mukesh Surana: Sure. FY26, I would hesitate to give because  continuously we are monitoring, but Q2 actual 
numbers I can give, it's at about $2 million in the quarter. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. And first half? 
Mukesh Surana: First half is also, first quarter also of similar number. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. So, basically there's a $4 million expenses that we have incurred in H1 FY'26. 
Mukesh Surana: That is right. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Trend of it coming down. I think it'll come down in Q3 and Q4, it'll come down drastically. 
Ritwik Sheth: Okay. So, FY'27, this would be close to nil? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Yes. That's the expectation. Quite confident. 
Ritwik Sheth: Sure. And sir, are you looking to do any product side transfer from Gagillapur to Genome? What 
kind of timelines would you have for these products? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 14 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: We have already applied, made applications for some of the products and some more are being 
filed right now, which will be a CB-30 and we expect quick approval. I think about 4 to 5 
products will be transferred from Gagillapur and that will give us the needed capacity. 
Ritwik Sheth: Got it. And sir, can you throw some color on the control substance growth for H1 F Y'26 and 
how do you see it panning out in the next couple of years? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: I think Priyanka, can you take that question? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Sure. The control substances were pretty stable over the first two quarters, but going forward, 
we have about, do you want short term or long term? 
Ritwik Sheth: For next 2 to 3 years. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Two to three years, we will see possibly one to two approvals from the side, but then most of 
our products are about 2 to 3 years out. So, we will have the launches happen three years post  
because most of them are patent protected and some of them are first to file. So, we do expect 
tentative approvals to come in within the next quarter. 
Ritwik Sheth: And what kind of growth can we expect from this business? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Without giving exact numbers, I will say that there's going to be a significant growth over the 
next 3 years to 10 years because we have products filed until 2035. So, we have a lot of 
confidence in this particular pillar of growth and we are very excited to see this pan out. 
Ritwik Sheth: Yes. Okay. That's it for my time. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gupta: Actually, I just happened to join the call a little late, so I am not sure if the question was answered 
previously. But I just wanted to know what factors contributed to the revenue growth in 
formulation markets in North America and Europe? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: The question was answered, but for your benefit, I think Mukesh will go through it again. 
Mukesh Surana: Yes. So, in the current quarter, sequentially also, we have grown significantly better. So, some 
of the remediation activities are robust enough.  The productivity improvement has happened 
already in Gagillapur. Genome Valley also started giving monograph products. And in the near 
future, we will have other products also as per approval Q3-Q4 onwards. In addition to that, the 
year-on-year growth was significantly contributed because last year quarter, there was a USFDA 
audit observation and th e plant was temporarily shut down. And third pillar of growth on the 
formulation, which is just now Priyanka has clarified, controlled substances also significantly 
contributing to the growth. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Granules India Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 14 
Priyanka Chigurupati: Actually, I will also answer, I will also respond to that. We have also won some awards with our 
existing business. And if you recall a couple of, I mean, every concall, I always keep saying that 
some of the products that we pick are long -term products in terms of gaining market share.  So, 
we do have products that we got approval for about almost 2 to 3 years back, and we are still 
gaining share on those products. So, if you look at IMS data, you'll see that slowly we penetrate 
the market. Most of the products, we start with 5, 10, 15, and we go up to a very, very decent 
market share. And that's also contributed to the growth in North America this quarter. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. That helps. So, sir why did the company voluntarily pause the production at the Gagillapur 
plant in Q2 FY'25? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: This was discussed and explained in the past, Vivek, but then I will explain once again. See, 
once the FDA brought in some serious concerns, we just cannot say we are good, we will keep 
continuing, we will continue to produce. So, we took a pause to assess the exact situation and to 
prove to ourselves and to the FDA that there is no risk, the product is good, there's no cross -
contamination in the product. And we also told the FDA, we have taken a pause. And they told 
us, you don't have to take a pause, you can continue production. We wanted to hear from the 
FDA rather than doing it ourselves.  And that has gone a long way in convincing the FDA that 
we are a very compliant company. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. So, how did API and PFI sales in the rest of the world markets impact the overall revenue 
growth? 
Mukesh Surana: It has been pretty good. It is there in the investor presentation. We have done good growth of 
PFI in the LATAM market, which we had constraints in Q1 because of the capacity. Now, with 
the available capacity, with the robust remediation activities in place, we have capacity available 
and we are growing. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. Thank you. That was from my side and all the best for the future quarters. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Thank you, Vivek. 
Moderator: Thank you.  As there are no further questions from the participant,  I would  now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us and we appreciate your 
questions. And I hope that we have  done our best to answer them a nd in case you need some 
more clarifications, please feel free to reach out to our CFO and he will be able to update you.  
Thank you once again and have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Granules India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
