[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
 
KOPRAN LTD.: Parijat House, 1076, Dr. E. Moses Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018. P. B. No. 9917, Tel.: (022) 4366 1111  
Fax: (022) 2495 0363 Website: www.kopran.com CIN – L 24230 MH 1958 PLC 011078. E-mail: cs@kopran.com 
Works:• Village Savroli, Taluka: Khalapur, District: Raigad - 410 202. Tel.: (02192) 274500 / 335 / 337•Fax: (02192) 274025 
 
 March 27, 2025 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE Scrip Code No. 524280 
 
The Manager 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol: KOPRAN 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Investors Conference Call Recording/Transcript 
 
With reference to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  recording of an 
Investors Conference Call held on March 25, 2025 is uploaded on Company’s website:   
https://www.kopran.com/investors/financials/  
 
The transcript of the Investor Conference call is also annexed herewith. 
 
Regards, 
 For Kopran Limited 
 
 
Sunil Sodhani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 3897 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Kopran Limited 
Investors Meet on Scheme of Amalgamation” 
March 25, 2025 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURENDRA SOMANI -- EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – KOPRAN LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY DOSI – GROUP ADVISOR –KOPRAN 
LIMITED 
MR. VARUN SOMANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KOPRAN LABORATORIES LIMITED, DIRECTOR – 
KOPRAN LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. HRISHIKESH PATOLE – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Investors Meet on Scheme of Amalgamation 
of Kopran Limited Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on the touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hrishikesh Patole. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the conference call of Kopran Limited regarding 
the merger of Kopran Laboratories with Kopran Limited. Hope everyone is in good health and 
doing well. On behalf of Kopran today, we have with us Mr. Surendra Somani, Executive Vice 
Chairman, Kopran Limited; Mr. Sanjay Dosi , Group Advisor, Kopran Limited; Mr. Varun 
Somani, MD Kopran Labs as well as Director in Kopran Limited. 
 I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, post which we'll open the 
session for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Surendra Somani: Thank you. Surendra Somani here. A warm welcome to all of you on the Investor Meet on the 
scheme of amalgamation approved by  the Board of Directors on March 20, 2025, of Kopran 
Laboratories into Kopran Limited. The proposed share exchange ratio is 100 fully paid up equity 
shares of Kopran Limited against 45 fully paid up equity shares of Kopran Laboratories Limited 
after receiving all the regulatory approvals. 
 We have already given a brief about the merger in the press release and the outcome of the Board 
meeting on the stock exchanges. This merger will create a synergy by leveraging the strength of 
both the companies to exploit the health care and  diagnostic market.  The merger will give 
Kopran an entry into the fast-growing $14 billion Indian diagnostic industry, whic h is growing 
at a CAGR of 14% over the next 5 years and is expected to almost double and reach $25 billion 
in FY '28 and nearly threefold by 2034. 
 The merger will allow Kopran to capitalize on the Kopran Laboratories relationships and team 
for marketing Kopran's products into hospital and government institutions. Kopran Limited will 
leverage its manufacturing capabilities to repack and manufacture diagnostic kits for  Kopran 
Laboratories, thereby increasing margins and profitability. This will take Kopran one step further 
into becoming an integrated health care and pharma company. The merger will be EPS accretive 
to Kopran and create value for its shareholders. 
 I now hand over the platform to Mr. Varun Somani , Director of Kopran and the Managing 
Director of Kopran Laboratories Limited to  say more about Kopran Laboratories. Thank you 
very much. 
Varun Somani: Good evening. I'll give you a small brief about Kopran Laboratories. Kopran Laboratories 
operates in the fast -growing Indian  diagnostics segme nt and is engaged in the business of 
marketing diagnostic equipment, consumables and automation products to path  labs and 
hospitals. Kopran Laboratories also provides equipment and other infrastructure to its customers 
[[PAGE 4]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
by entering into long -term agreements for consumable purchases as well as support services, 
thereby enabling them to upgrade their facilities without any capital investments to them. 
 We represent many multinational companies for marketing and servicing their products in India, 
and we have a pan-India team of sales and service setup all over the country. We execute turnkey 
services for government hospitals and medical colleges to set up and automate their path labs.  
We cater to over 200 customers in India. Some of our leading customers include Thyrocare 
Technologies, Tata 1mg, AIIMS hospitals all around the country, Tata Hospital, including Tata 
Hospital Bombay, Homi Bhabha hospitals, again, all over the country, as well as several other 
private and government hospitals, colleges, path labs and institutions.  
We will now open the forum for questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Maulik Varia from B&K Securities. 
Maulik Varia: I just wanted to understand, sir, we have arrived upon a swap ratio of 45 shares of Kopran Labs 
for 100 shares of Kopran Limited. So I wanted to briefly understand about how did we arrive at 
this ratio? And I think the implied valuation for Kopran Labs  comes at around INR200 crores 
now. So can you broadly explain to us about the valuation and how did we arrive at the swap 
ratio? 
Sanjay Dosi: The valuation exercise was done by EY and Armslength Advisors, and swap ratio was, I think, 
fairness value swap r atio was done by  Saffron Advisors. They have taken all necessary 
parameters for valuing both the companies arriving at swap ratio. So we have gone  with their 
advice and done as per their valuation reports. 
Maulik Varia: Okay. And also, sir, just a clarification. In the press release in the table on, I guess, both of this 
page, there was a mention about  around 1,69,000 shares would be issued against some 76,000 
shares and some -- it is against the promoter, public classification. So I  was not able to 
understand that. Can you please help us with that? 
Sanjay Dosi: I mean , some shares were of Kopran Laboratories were under transfer to promoters. So it's 
remark is regarding that. 
Maulik Varia: Okay. Yes. And so with regards to the business for Kopran Labs, I thi nk what we see is for 
December period , until the December  period compared to previous year, the revenue seems 
broadly muted. So what could be the reason for it? And is there a seasonality attached to it? 
Varun Somani: Yes. So the main quarter for Kopran La boratories is the last quarter of the year, which is Q4, 
and that contributes to a bulk of the  business of the company because a lot of government 
tenders, a lot of government orders, etcetera, are closing before 31st of March. So to that extent, 
there is a little bit of skewing in the -- of higher performance in the Q4. I would not call it a 
seasonality business  because we are naturally supplying our reagent consumables all year 
through.  
[[PAGE 5]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
But just to give you a comparison, the 9 months figures, which we shared, which roughly shows 
at INR68 crores, INR69 crores turnover in 9 months.  If I compare that to the previous year, it 
was around INR59 crores. 
 So you will get a sense that last -- in the year '23, '24, when we closed at INR103 crores top line, 
only INR59 crores was coming in the first 9 months. So our last quarter was close to a INR43 
crores quarter. So similarly, this year as well, we expect that Q4 will be a very big quarter for us 
as compared to the previous quarters. 
Maulik Varia: Okay. Understood. Thank you. And one last question is in terms of products, sir, what are the 
products which contribute the highest for us, like the top five products, which are the key 
products for us? 
Varun Somani: So Kopran Laboratories is, like we mentioned, is in the diagnostics business. In the diagnostics 
requirement of any path lab, there are various departments and various category of products. We 
primarily deal in something called clinical chemistry which is primarily the test that you do when 
you give your blood for checking any parameters of yours. So that is primarily the segment that 
we operate in. 
 The bulk of our revenue comes from the consumables business, which is what we call reagents. 
Reagents are the chemicals, which are mixed with your blood and then it is operated on a 
machine for you to test the blood, to report the blood result of the blood test. So reagents 
contributes to almost 80% of -- 75%, 78% of our top line. 
 The balance would be a sale of equipment, which contribute to around 20%, 22%. And there is 
a certain 1%, 1.5% of a service component where we operate CMCs and services which we 
operate. 
Maulik Varia: Okay, sir. So 75%, 80% is from reagent, and the clinical -- so this forms a part of the clinical 
chemistry only, which you said, right? 
Varun Somani: That's right. We also do -- I mean, clinical chemistry is one of the sectors we do. We also do 
urinalysis, for example, we do blood banking as well. We do immunology as well. But yes, these 
are -- some of these are newer divisions which we have started in the recent past. So they are all 
going to be the growth drivers for the company. So as of today, primarily the figure I gave you 
is from the clinical chemistry portfolio. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from Julie Mehta from B&K Securities. 
Julie Mehta: So sir, I just wanted to understand the business as to if this is the trading business and what are 
the kind of margins that we expect? If you could throw some light on that? 
Varun Somani: So no, this is not a trading business. I mentioned about long-term agreements that we do which 
form a significant part of our business. So what we do is primarily we invest in the hardware 
requirement of a path lab. 
[[PAGE 6]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 So, for example, as of today, we have close to 120 machines all over the c ountry, which are 
present at various private and government hospitals and institutions, which are owned by  the 
company, by us. And we are placing these machines on a contracted basis to these customers 
against a commitment of a certain amount of consumable s that they will have to buy from us 
every quarter and every year. 
 So the way -- why this is beneficial for them is because they do not need to take care of any 
capital investment or any unnecessary capex. And we are investing on their behalf. So they are  
able to upgrade their technology much better than what they currently are using. 
 And against that, all they have to do is they have to buy a certain amount of consumables from 
us as per a contract. These are all contracted -- this is a contracted busines s. So all these 120 
machines, every single one of them is under a contract with a particular customer. 
 So I would not call it a trading business. I think this contributes a large part of our top line. 
Almost 50% of our top line comes from this contracted business. So this part of the business, I 
would say, is more like an annuity type of a business model which we are creating in which we 
are growing. 
 And the remaining part of the turnover to a large extent, comes from -- a lot of it is project-based 
business.  
Some of them is obviously supplies and yet customers who have bought machines from us who 
buy consumables from us. And a lot of it is also backed by service contracts, etcetera. So it's -- 
I would not call it a trading business. It is more a services business. 
Julie Mehta: Okay. So sir, the machines that we set up, are those machines, we manufacture those machines 
or that we are outsourcing from other medical devices companies? 
Varun Somani: Yes. So we represent -- we do not manufacture the machines. We represent several companies 
for the Indian markets. Sometimes it is  one machine. Sometimes it's a combination of many 
machines. We do a lot of pre -automation work as well with customers, wherein  a lot of their 
manual tasks are automated. So it could be a combination of a few machines in pre-automation 
as well as the regular testing. So it's a combination of that. And we represent various companies, 
almost 25 companies for the Indian market. 
So some of these companies that we represent, we purchase the machines from them. There are 
some leading companies like an American company called Beckman Coulter, which is one of 
the leading companies, some of the machines -- a lot of the machines are of Beckman Coulter.  
We represent a few Chinese companies.  
So again, it depends on the segment and the market that we are catering to. These are very high-
end machines. So if the requirement of the customer is for such a high -end workload, then we 
will accordingly pitch the machine to them. 
Julie Mehta: Okay. That actually provides a lot of clarity. Sir, in continuation to that, I would want to 
understand like what is the average timeline  of the contracts that we enter into with these 
[[PAGE 7]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
companies? Are there any stringent rules like it has to be a 2  year to 3 year contract or will do 
even shorter time lines? 
Varun Somani: No, we do not do such short time lines because naturally, when we are investing in these 
machines, there is a certain amount of  payback because naturally, when I'm investing in the 
machine on d ay one, my outflow and investment is going in on day one, and we need  to 
obviously get a payback on that investment as well, and then obviously look to enhance on that 
and make our profits faster. So these  are typically around 5 years. Some of them are 4 y ears, 
some of them could be 7 years, but typically average is around 5 years - 5.5 years. 
Julie Mehta: Okay. And sir, what are the kind of margins that we look at in this business? 
Varun Somani: So typically, we would like to -- we would work with -- EBITDA margin is around 28% to 30%. 
So -- I mean, I hope that would answer your query. 
Julie Mehta: Okay. Sir, I have another question relating to the cost. So the need for marketing in this business 
would actually increase our cost in terms of SG&A cost, employee because we will need to add 
field force as well. So taking that into consideration, what is the strategy towards making this an 
EPS accretive development? 
Varun Somani: The call for the marketing and what you mentioned, they are already -- Kopran Laboratories is 
already covering those costs. And so that part is not going to affect in terms of Kopran Limited 
numbers. 
Julie Mehta: Okay sir, I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from Mr. Hrishikesh Patole. Please go ahead. 
Hrishikesh Patole: So just quickly on the deal. So in terms of the swap ratio that you announced, I mean, how does 
it -- what are the valuation comes out of it? It value Kopran Labs in terms of EBITDA on  FY 
'24 basis? Or EV by sales whatever suits you, you can disclose? 
Sanjay Dosi: I mean both companies were valued and swap ratio was arrived accordingly. Kopran Lab was 
valued at about INR256 crores and at about INR25 crores of cash, so about INR230 crores. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Okay. And now more on -- I mean, this question would be for Varun on the Kopran Labs plant. 
So how much is that currently or just current? 
Varun Somani: I'm sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Hrishikesh Patole: How much would be our team in Kopran Labs, I mean strength of people? 
Varun Somani: You mean in terms of people, we have a team of about 75 people. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 75 people. And these are based in Mumbai or I mean how much... 
Varun Somani: It is all India. We have offices in De lhi, in Calcutta, in Bangalore, o bviously, Mumbai as well 
and satellite offices in few other towns as well. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Hrishikesh Patole: Okay. Thanks. And I mean -- so we would be requiring a warehouse for storing the reagents and 
then when -- so regarding the supply chain, I mean how do we manage that a nd can you throw 
more light on that? 
Varun Somani: We have our warehousing in cold chain facilities. Cold chain has to be maintained throughout. 
So all that is already in place. I mean just to give you a perspective, this is -- this company is -- 
has been in business for a long time, but it's only in the last 3 years, wherein  3 years back, our 
top line was around INR35 crores, which we have increased threefold to INR103 crores in the 
last 4 years. So all the facilities, infrastructure, everything is in place. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Great. And in terms of regional inflation, I mean, which region would largely contribute or is it 
diversified across India? And what should be more… 
Varun Somani: It is diversified across India, but primarily our st rength lies a lot in East and  I would say, East 
and West. North is also a big market.  South is a market which we entered about 3 years back. 
So that has a lot of growth potential, primarily because we entered late and  there was a lot of 
competition there, b ut we have done very well in  the last 3 years, we have -- it has made 
significant strides. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Okay. Great. And just -- so what are the low-hanging -- whenever you enter a new market a nd 
what are the low -hanging fruits,  which firm s your target, you target stand alone di agnostic 
players or regional chain, w hat are the low -hanging fruit? Do you go for a  B2B business 
hospitals? 
Varun Somani: We -- it depends from  territory to territory. We are only into B2B. We are not into B2C. We 
have not started front facing. That is something that we are working on and we might have plans 
to -- and now especially with the merger and the resources that Kopran has to offer, we  might 
consider B2C also in the future if it is making investment logic. However, we are pretty mu ch 
100% a B2B company as of now.  
We -- it depends to ask your - to answer your question, it depends on territory to territory. We 
do a lot of work with government. So in terms of tender opportunities or if there are any Tier 2 
or Tier 3 cities, if there is any upgradation required, that is what we like to target because I think 
that is an area where the big multinational companies don't focus.  Our strength lies a lot into 
Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities.  
So we have done a lot of automation work there. We've done a lot  of development work there. 
We've done projects whereby we have got a piece of land from the government, and we've 
actually created an entire automated path lab for them. We have done projects like that as well. 
So these are exciting opportunities, which we like to target, but anyone from a single lab owner 
to someone like a -- I mean a chain -- all India chain like a Thyrocare also or Dr. Lal also, all of 
these are our customers. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Okay. Great. And just, I mean, so overall, if I look at th e numbers of Kopran Labs, I mean, FY 
'24, we have grown top line  around 45%. I mean, so any broad number or any broad guidance 
you would like to give on 3, 4 years down the line where you want to take  Kopran Labs along 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
with the synergies and no w with the h elp of this merger, what are your plans, w here do you 
expect margin to be upwards of around... 
Varun Somani: So the diagnostic industry, which is just a part of what Kopran Lab does is anyways growing at 
14% to 15%. So we expect to  participate in that growth. Barring that, like I mentioned, we've 
added a few new divisions as well into this sector, which – revenues which were not present in 
the last year or this year, which revenues will start to come and add to the growth story as well. 
Like I also mentioned something about the South region. Now that region also has a lot of growth 
potential because we have just started  operations last year in that. So that will also add to our 
growth story. 
 These are exciting opportunities. We are already talking to a few other multinational companies 
as well. I'm confident that with Kopran support now at a global level, we will also attract more 
companies to participate in the health care industry in India. So we expect this to just be a starting 
point. And definitely, we expect to grow the business, and that's why we are here to grow the 
business. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Yes. Great. Just one more last from my side. I mean, how many -- and if you choose to not to 
answer this, that's okay. But how many  similar companies does the promoter has in the health 
care field? And I mean, how is the structure broad now for Kopran Limited?  How many -- I 
think we also have a Kopran Research Limited subsidiary. So I just want to g et an idea of how 
much now falls under Kopran Limited., including Kopran Labs. Can you just... 
Surendra Somani: Kopran Limited, becomes now the comprehensive health care company, where we are in the 
API business, we are in the formulations  business. And now we are in the diagnostic business. 
So we have all the 3 segments under one umbrella. There's no other API  business or 
pharmaceutical formulation business or diagnostics, which is out of the purview of Kopran. 
Once the merger is completed, it will be complete health care limited. 
Hrishikesh Patole: Fair enough. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Maulik Varia from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Maulik Varia: Just wanted to understand. Who would be our key competitors in this space? 
Varun Somani: So naturally, there are multinational companies like an Abbott or a Siemens or Roche, for 
example, these are all companies, European  and American companies, which operate in this 
space. But wha t I feel we are slightly different because we are brand agnostic. We  work with 
multiple brands. 
 And like, for example, Siemens is only restricted to all the products that they make. We, 
however, also  go beyond that because we work with -- in areas in whic h they do not have 
products available to them because it's a different sector altogether. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Kopran Limited
  March 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 So, I would say that these are the multinational companies, which are primarily operating in the 
diagnostics industry. But yes, so I mean this is what -- this is who we compete with on a day-to-
day basis. 
Maulik Varia: Okay. And will we require any capex investment in the next 1, 2 years? And if yes, how are we 
planning to fund it? 
Varun Somani: Our capex investments happen every year. Like I mentioned, we have close to 120 machines, 
which are currently on contracted basis for our, what we call, reagent rental business or contract 
-- reagent contracted business. So these 120 machines are already there. And  every year, we 
typically add 20 to 25 machines. 
 Like for example, this year, we have added -- already added 23 machines and we might add 1 or 
2 more before the year ends in the next week. So we will be close to 23, 24 machines this year 
as well. And we foresee this to happen every year. 
 And we expect this 20 to 25 machine investment, which is typically around INR7 crores to INR8 
crores to happen every year. This is all funded by internal accruals. Like Sanjayji mentioned, we 
are sitting on a decent amount of cash in the company. So that takes care  of any such capex 
requirements. 
Maulik Varia: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Surendra Somani: I would like to thank all investors , who have joined us today or who may read this later on. 
Thank you for imposing your faith in us,  and we look forward to a better growing period as a 
comprehensive health care company. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kopran Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
