SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/NEULANDLAB-Concall_Aug_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 16

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on August 5, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted on August 5, 2026. Also please note that this transcript of the 
call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/en/investors/investor-meetings/transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 15 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited 
Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: M R. SAHARSH DAVULURI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
MR. SAJEEV MEDIKONDA – HEAD, CORPORATE 
PLANNING AND STRATEGY  
MODERATOR: M S. RUNJHUN JAIN – ERNST & YOUNG 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 05, 2026 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Neuland Laboratories Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Runjhun Jain from E&Y. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Runjhun Jain: Thank you, Danish. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you to the Q1FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. To take us through the results and to answer 
your questions, we have with us the top management represented by Mr. Saharsh Davuluri, CEO 
and Managing Director; Mr. Abhijit Majumdar, CFO; and Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel Medikonda, 
Head of Corporate Planning and Strategy. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar, and then 
Saharsh will give you the broad highlights of the business trends and what he is seeing in the 
market. Post that, we will open the call for Q&A session. As usual, the standard safe harbor 
clause applies as we start the call. With that said, I now hand over the floor to Mr. Abhijit. Over 
to you, sir. 
Abhijit Majumdar: Thank you very much, Runjhun, and a good evening and warm welcome to everyone joining our 
call. I will begin by taking you through the financial performance for the Q1FY27, followed by 
a brief update on working capital, capital expenditure and a few observations of the operating 
environment before handing over the call to Saharsh. 
The financial performance for Q1FY27 is as follows. The total income for the quarter was 
INR650.1 crores as compared to INR300.6 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous 
year, representing a growth of 16.3%. The commercial CMS projects contributed a majority share 
of the revenue and were the primary drivers of growth during the quarter. The quarter also 
witnessed healthy execution across our project portfolio and customer programs.  Even though 
the quarterly revenue performance was broadly in line with our expectations, I'd like to reiterate 
our long-standing view regarding the inherent uneven nature of our business and the need to 
assess performance over a longer period rather than to a single quarter. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR231.1 crores with an EBITDA margin of 35.5%. The higher 
revenue base, operating leverage and the favorable customer mix contributed to the profitability 
profile during the quarter. 
 The gross margin for the quarter was 61.2% as compared to 55.3% in Q1FY26, again, a function 
of our business mix during the quarter. This gross margin, as always, includes manufacturing 
expenses and other costs directly attributable to the product. Profit after tax for the quarter stood 
at INR147.4 crores as compared to INR13.7 crores in Q1FY26. Earnings per share for the quarter 
stood at INR114.9 per share.  
One of the key highlights of the quarter was the improvement in working capital efficiency. 
Working capital days improved from 137 days at the end of FY26 to 84 days in FY27. Optimal 
utilization of cash remains a key priority for us, and we continue to focus on inventory 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
optimization, disciplined execution and further strengthening cash conversion across the 
business. 
 The improvement witnessed during the quarter reinforces our focus on balancing growth with 
prudent management of working capital. As part of our investment, there was a cash outflow of 
INR121.6 crores towards capital expenditure during Q1FY27 , which was primarily driven by 
new R&D and peptide facilities. 
 During the quarter, we also approved capital investments of approximately INR203 crores, of 
which INR196 crores is earmarked for strategic growth initiatives, largely related to capacity 
expansion at our Unit 1. Against total approved capex of INR1,460 crores over the last 13 
quarters, we have spent INR870 crores to date, with the balance committed towards projects 
under implementation. 
 We continue to maintain a disciplined approach towards capital allocation while ensuring 
adequate investments towards building future capabilities. During the quarter, we continue to 
closely monitor the evolving geopolitical environment and broader global trade development. 
 While we have not experienced any material impact on our operations, supply chain continuity 
of customer commitments thus far, we remain vigilant and continue to monitor developments 
closely. Our focus remains on ensuring business continuity, maintaining customer service levels 
and managing risks in a proactive manner. 
 To summarize, the financials Q1 FY27 again was broadly in line with our expectations. The 
performance reflects disciplined execution, operating leverage and a favorable mix during the 
quarter. We continue to believe FY27 will be a year of growth for the company and remain 
focused on prudent financial management, operational excellence and creating long -term value 
for our stakeholders. As always, our presentation has been shared with the press release and 
contains more details on the quarter. 
 Before I conclude and hand over to Saharsh, I want to make a clarification regarding the question 
posed during the Q4FY26 call in terms of manipulation of the transcript. On the issue of 
manipulation, our earnings calls are recorded and we published the full unedited audio on our 
website. That audio is a complete record of everything on the call. 
 The written transcript is prepared by an agency, which conducts the call and is slightly edited 
from a readability perspective. How in this case, our team missed out and editing a minor mistake. 
As we went back and checked the uploaded version and the vers ion received from the agency, 
we found that there has been no change in this section. 
 With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his remarks. Over to you. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Thank you, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As Abhijit 
discussed, Q1FY27 is broadly in line with our expectations and represents a good start to the 
year. I will use my remarks to provide some perspective on the business performance during the 
quarter, the opportunities we are seeing across our business and how we are positioning Neuland 
for the future. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 Starting with this quarter, we were encouraged by the performance across both our GDS and 
CMS businesses. Within GDS, the quarter was supported by a number of products that performed 
well and contributed meaningfully to the business. 
 Products such as E zetimibe, Mirtazapine, Escitalopram and Aripiprazole were among the key 
contributors during the quarter and reflect the strength of the portfolio that we have been building 
over time. More importantly, the underlying strategic direction of the GDS business continues to 
evolve. We remain focused on expanding our portfolio of differentiated products even as we also 
increase our presence in key markets like Brazil, Japan, South Korea and Turkey. 
 We have also initiated pursuing life cycle management opportunities with innovators where our 
process chemistry, development experience and manufacturing capabilities can create long-term 
value. Coming to the CMS business this quarter, we have most of the revenues coming from our 
top commercial products. 
                                              Having said that, the order book from pipeline molecules is quite encouraging, and we will see 
that panning out over the course of the next few quarters. We continue to see healthy engagement 
across both the development and commercial programs. The depth o f customer conversations 
today is significantly stronger than it was a few years ago, and we are increasingly engaging on 
broader capability-led discussions rather than individual projects alone. 
 While building relationships with large pharmaceutical companies is naturally a gradual process, 
we believe we are making meaningful progress. The investments we have made in capabilities, 
infrastructure and talent, combined with evolving geopolitical and macroeconomic dynamics that 
continue to drive supply chain diversification are creating opportunities for us to engage with 
customers in a much more strategic manner. 
 One of the themes we discussed extensively as we brainstorm regarding the CMS business was 
of increasing importance of becoming a long-term strategic partner to customers rather than being 
viewed as a provider for individual projects. 
 We continue to see customer interest across existing and emerging areas and the nature of 
discussion is increasingly centered around capabilities, supply assurance, technical expertise and 
long-term collaboration. We believe this positions us well in the industry as we continue to 
evolve. 
 A second theme that I would like to highlight is the increased velocity of investments across 
Neuland. Over the last 3 years and continuing into FY27, we have been investing at a pace and 
scale that is meaningfully higher than in the past, whether it is manufacturing infrastructure, R&D 
capabilities, peptides, sterile APIs or future capacity expansion, these investments are being made 
with a long -term perspective.  Our objective is to ensure that Neuland remains relevant and 
competitive as customer requirements evolve and market opportunities emerge.  
Peptides are perhaps the clearest example of this philosophy. We had built peptide process 
development capabilities for over 15 years and around 2 years ago, decided to invest in 
commercial scale manufacturing of peptides. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 At that point, the investment was based on our conviction regarding long-term attractiveness of 
the segment. Today, we are beginning to see external validation of that thesis. Even before the 
peptide manufacturing asset is fully ramped up, customer interest continues to grow. Discussions 
have expanded, and we have started seeing encouraging conversion of opportunities that provide 
greater visibility around Module 1 utilization. These developments reinforce our confidence that 
investments we have made are aligned with where the market is headed. At the same time, these 
opportunities also place a greater emphasis on execution. 
 Our focus is now on ensuring that we deliver consistently with customer confidence and establish 
the foundation for long-term participation in this segment. Another important development 
regarding which you would have seen our press release is our strategic collaboration with Gland 
Pharma. 
 We believe this partnership creates differentiated platform in sterile APIs by combining 
complementary strengths of both organizations. Beyond the immediate opportunity, it also 
demonstrates our commitment to the specialty GDS business and our strategy of building niche 
capabilities in areas where technical complexity creates meaningful differentiation. 
 We believe these types of capabilities will increasingly define competitive advantage in our 
industry over the coming years. At the same time, it is important to recognize that our business 
operates in an environment that continues to be dynamic. Geopolitical developments, regulatory 
time lines, customer ordering patterns and broader macroeconomic conditions can influence the 
timing and shape of growth from quarter-to-quarter. 
 As we consistently stated in the past, variability remains an inherent characteristic of our business 
and quarterly performance should be viewed in that context. Having said that, when we look 
beyond individual quarters, our outlook as we consider FY27 and FY28 period remains in line 
with our long-term ambitions. 
 The customer interest we are seeing, the opportunities under discussion, the capabilities we are 
bringing online and the investments we have made across the businesses all reinforce our 
confidence in the medium -term trajectory of the company. Our focus rem ains on execution, 
customer service, operational excellence and creating sustainable long -term value for all 
stakeholders. 
 To conclude, we believe Neuland is entering an important phase of its evolution. Many of the 
investments we made over the last several years are beginning to create new opportunities across 
the business. While there will inevitably be periods of unevenness  along the way, we remain 
confident in the direction of the company, the opportunities ahead of us and our ability to create 
long-term value. 
 With that, we would be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: First question comes from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. 
Amey Chalke: Congrats on the good numbers. First question I have on the quarterly and yearly performance. I 
understand the CDMO business typically is volatile on a quarterly basis. But we have a strong 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
start for the year. And generally, we do have good visibility on 6 months order book as a CDMO 
company. So what kind of growth should we expect for full year of FY27? Also on the other 
side, should we be wary of any risk from the destocking perspective for any of our commercial 
contracts? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Thanks for the question, Amey. With regards to the visibility of the year, you're absolutely right. 
The CDMO business, especially has a fairly deep visibility in terms of order book. I think for us, 
we've always been reluctant to fully reveal what the order book is or what the exact year's 
performance is expected to be. But I would just go back to the comment I had made in the opening 
remarks. I think we've always aspired to grow at about 20%, and we expect that FY 27& FY28 
also we expect to grow that way. 
 I think beyond that, talking specifically about FY27 , I think it might again kind of come across 
like we are guiding towards a particular growth rate. But we have also cautioned in the past that 
we expect a particular year to be a flat year. Like we had indicated that FY25 would be a flattish 
year, and that's what it happened. We are not giving such indications right now. 
 But at the same time, we would be cautious not to say, okay, it's going to grow at a certain 
percentage. So that's with regards to question one. What was the question two? 
Sajeev Medikonda: About any risks in terms of destocking? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Not really, Amey. I think because the order visibility is consistent with the commentary, I would 
say destocking or stocking is factored into that. We don't expect something to hit us abruptly. So 
those are conversations that might play out over beyond FY27. But for now, I think we don't see 
any surprises coming out of destocking. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. That's helpful. Second question I have on the products where we had increased capacity 
last year. What is the current utilization there on the increased capacity? And is it fair to 
understand this block will be used throughout the year? And do you expect similar quantities to 
be produced every year from this block or how will that work? 
                                               Response to this question didn’t go through due to technical issues and the caller getting 
dropped. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Shyam Srinivasan with Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Just the first one on your development revenues. And I remember you saying at least FY27 could 
likely see better development revenues. And I think you alluded to it in the opening remarks as 
well that the pipeline on development is looking good. So if you could highlight how that could 
likely pan out?  
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, definitely a lot more exciting start to the year, Shyam. I think in FY27, we've seen at least 
2 new projects come in. I would not say these are commercial, but these are fairly advanced in 
the clinic. So we are seeing a couple of new projects come in. And obviously, we'll be careful in 
painting a picture around these projects because they're still under development and you never 
know what could happen. But that kind of visibility and the potential of these molecules, I think, 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
is very exciting for us. 
 And we will deliver on development quantities this year, but I think they definitely pave the way 
for larger volumes in the future. And I think some of these projects are also peptide projects, 
which were not visualized a year ago. So there is definitely a lot of enthusiasm and excitement 
in the system. It may not be very helpful or it may be premature to kind of quantify that revenue 
for this year. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Helpful. Just my second question is on the peptide. Since you talked about Module 1 utilization 
or expansion of scope with some of the discussions you have had. Can you add some more 
additional color? Is there potentially a commercial project that could li kely come this year? So 
just some color around peptides and where our plant is, I think the plant is now ready, right, or 
whatever the module is ready? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, Shyam. So the plant itself is going to be commissioned next month, and then it will be ready 
for manufacturing qualification will be done by then. We have multiple projects lined up at 
various stages. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor with Antifragile Thinking. 
Sajal Kapoor: I'm not too sure if I'm audible or not. On a lighter note, this Zoom Infra is still awaiting GMP 
validation. That's for sure. If you guys can hear me, I've got 2 questions. First is commercial CMS 
has scaled very strongly without much change in the number of commercial programs as far as I 
could see. So is that growth becoming more evenly spread across molecules and customers or 
are a few large programs still doing most of the heavy lifting? That's my first question. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Sajal, would you mind repeating the question one more time? 
Sajal: Yes, sure. So , we are just following on from Q4 execution as far as the commercial CMS is 
concerned. And again, Q1 has done pretty well on that front. The question really is, is the growth 
more diversified spread across molecules and customers or are we experiencing a f ew large 
programs doing majority of the heavy lifting, Q4 as well as in Q1 this time? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Sajal, if you see, I think a big part of our growth is coming from CMS commercial and CMS 
commercial is being driven by a handful of molecules. There's not too many of them, I would 
say, maybe about 3 of them that really drive our business. And these molecules are fairly active. 
As we produce them every quarter, and we see a fairly healthy future for them over the next 5 to 
6 years. 
 Yes, there will be certain lumpiness in how they perform, like maybe we will not have orders 
every quarter, etc., but there is nothing which is like a one-off performance from the commercial 
CMS pipeline that we have. But the reality is that there are only a handful of these molecules. 
 And to be frank, we're glad that it's a handful and it's not just one. But I think that will be how 
our next 2 to 3 years commercial growth will be driven by them. But we are also quickly adding 
a lot of projects, which are also picking up. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 As I had mentioned in the past, we expect to have one more commercialization this year, probably 
have 1 or maybe even 2 next year. And therefore, you will see a greater diversity in these 
molecules. But yes, so I think short answer, yes, there are only a handful driving this. But they're 
not like a lot of one -offs. There will be lumpiness, but it's not like we see something that's 
exceptional that is contributing to the revenue. 
Sajal Kapoor: Sure. And on the development side, even last year, I think in Q3, I asked about the development 
pipeline keeping pace or how is it keeping pace with the commercial growth? So year on, how 
comfortable are you that the quality and the maturity of today's development pipeline can 
replenish the commercial basket 3 to 5 years out when these handful of commercial molecules 
may start kind of receding on a higher base. 
 Because we got to replenish them with fresh infusion of better size because our base would have 
grown 3 to 5 years out. So the development pipeline today must be strong and robust enough to 
build on top of that higher base 3, 4, 5 years out. 
Saharsh Davuluri: I think it's a great question, Sajal, and I think it's very appropriate. I would say that it's a relative 
degree of comfort. I'm feeling a lot better today than what I was feeling perhaps a year ago or 
definitely what I was feeling 2 years ago. And if you even go back, I think, when we wrote down 
the opening remarks, we talked about how we don't want to be project focused, but more 
relationship focused, account focused. 
 And we believe that our future will be about working with companies on a set of programs, 
almost work like a platform partner for large innovator companies so that we can do a handful of 
molecules for them. 
 As we take up this approach and as we see validation for this approach in the development 
projects that we are seeing, I feel fairly confident that 3, 4, 5 years from now, we will have a 
healthy set of new molecules that will start to almost overtake or even kind of make insignificant 
some of the other molecules that are currently contributing. 
 So definitely, we see as the company's base is growing, we see an increasingly healthy pipeline 
of projects. Obviously, we should be careful not to sound overconfident because many of these 
projects are still in clinical development and a lot of these relationships are relatively new for us. 
 But going by the confidence we have in our execution and the likelihood of the success of these 
molecules because they are in advanced clinic, I think in 3 to 5 years, we would have very healthy 
pipeline of new molecules that would completely overshadow the current pipeline. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu with Edelweiss Public Alternatives. 
Prolin Nandu: There have been a few participants who have not been able to ask questions. So maybe you can 
take them as well because it just creates the confusion, right, like last quarter on the inventory 
side of things, right? 
 But my question is on the opening remarks that you made, right, in terms of the conversation that 
you are having with the customers. while you have partially answered it, right, in some of the 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
previous question, but how should one think about monetization of these relationships, right? 
 While they might be slow. But as you said, right, maybe on the peptide platform, the conversation 
is already moving towards our intended direction. So how should one think about the more and 
more platforms getting added? Or will we have much more deeper co nversations in the peptide 
platform? 
 And because we have a decent track record, right, in the last 5 years, are these conversations 
becoming much more easier than they were in the past? So just some qualitative color on  the 
statement that you have made in the opening remarks would help. 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, I think it's definitely a very important question. And don't mean to sound too confident in 
terms of the path. But the way we've seen this CMS business grow over the last at least 8 to 10 
years, the kind of pipeline we have, the list of RFPs, the list  of customers, the kind of 
conversations we have, we get a very clear sense of what the overall portfolio of business is likely 
to be. Of course, there is a conversion ratio, there is a probability of achievement and there are a 
lot of variables at play. 
 But as we get into accounts which are more known to Neuland, companies we've been working 
for 3 years, 5 years, who are now talking about increasing their total business to Neuland or 
increasing their total exposure to Neuland. I think that starts giving us a very clear qualitative 
input on, okay, yes, there is some business that we are going to get from here. 
 Second, when we have technologies like peptides, which places us in a very unique  position, a 
lot of these peptide relationships that we are talking about, which may have kind of may seem 
like new conversations, but we are not unknown to these customers. We've been working with 
them for 5, 10 years. We've been doing small -scale work. W e've been doing maybe peptide 
starting materials. 
 And now the relationships have matured into something more advanced. So  a lot of this 
confidence comes from qualitative substantiated conversations. And if we look at the value of 
these opportunities, they are far larger than what we used to see. And I think ultimately, that's 
what gives us the confidence that we will see more business. 
 I mean if I have to just kind of illustrate it, 5 years ago, the largest molecule that we could 
visualize was maybe a INR 50 crore s per year kind of a molecule. Today, we can visualize 
INR500 crores per year or even INR 1,000 crores per year molecule. It doesn't mean that every 
opportunity we engage with is a INR500 crores or INR1,000 crores opportunity. 
 But when you look at it in totality, you're seeing the aggregate value of the business is increasing 
just in terms of prospects. So that gives us a certain sense. That is also a very useful input for us 
in the kind of investment journey we have to go through over the next 2, 3 years, which is 
something also I had alluded to in the opening remarks is that we need to. 
 I think based on the quality of the conversations we have, based on the relationships that we are 
now beginning to form, we are also looking at making more bold moves in terms of our capex 
cycles and the kind of investments we have to make. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 So, I know it's not a very pointed answer, but we do feel pretty good in terms of where we are 
today. And I think we definitely feel the interest from companies as being like one of these top -
tier partners out of India. 
Prolin Nandu Sure. So that confidence is quite encouraging. The second question is on the point that you only 
touched upon, right, in terms of capex, right, or the next phase of investment. Now when you talk 
about the next phase of investment would look very different and you need to make some bold 
moves. 
 Is it just the quantum of the investments or do you think that the qualitative aspects of this 
investment will also be very different in terms of the capabilities, in terms of the plant qualities. 
So I mean, is it just the quantum that you're talking about or the quality of the investment would 
also be very different? And if yes, then how different it would be versus what we have done on 
capex and expansion in the past? 
Saharsh Davuluri: That's another great question. I think for us, both will be different. I think the quantum will be 
different because, obviously, what has brought us here will not take us into the kind of growth 
journey that we are looking at. So obviously, the forward capex will be much higher than the 
capex that we've deployed so far. 
 Qualitatively, it will be different as well. Because if you look at Neuland and perhaps it may be 
challenging for outsiders to analyze it, but Neuland operates in a space that is very unique. We 
are operating at that convergence of GMP and complex chemistry. That's where we operate. 
That's why we like to be in complex APIs. We're not very big in nonhuman health. We are not 
very big in starting materials, KSMs or stuff like that. 
 We like to operate in a certain area. And if our modus operandi is complex chemistry, then our 
future, it only has to be more and more complex. It cannot be more and more simpler , which 
means that we will be seeking presence in newer modalities, more complex modalities I think 
our entry into peptides is, again, a progression in that line. 
 And if you have to look at further progression, you will have to look at perhaps geographic 
diversification because if you're looking at getting into more complex modalities, it may not 
make a lot of strategic or economic sense to build those kind  of infrastructure or capabilities 
maybe in India. You might have to look at maybe either an M&A kind of an opportunity or you 
might have to look at some organic but overseas kind of investments. 
 So that is where they may not be big bets, but they will definitely be qualitatively different. And 
I believe that those are kind of meaningful progression that you will see Neuland making in the 
next 1, 2 years. And of course, that coupled with our conventional organic growth journey, which 
will require us to create more infrastructure, R&D, manufacturing, peptides, complex molecules. 
I think that's something that will continue as well. 
 So you will see quantitatively more investments, and you will also see a qualitative move towards 
newer modalities because that's where we believe we have been successful, and that's where we 
would like to play. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Chirag Shah with White Pine Investment Management. 
Chirag Shah: Congratulations for good set of numbers and for the answers. I have two  questions. So first is a 
slightly short-term question. If I look at Q4 and Q1 results, sequential results for Q1, how much 
of this sequential decline would be due to excessive stocking up done by the customer due to 
initial supply in Q4? That's one. And can we assume Q1 as a normalized commercial run rate for 
the 2 or 3 molecules that you are referring to? 
Saharsh Davuluri: If you go back to the Q4 earnings call, Chirag, we had very emphatically said that Q4 was actually 
more of Q3 spillovers into Q4. And in fact, we were very relieved that we had a good Q4 so that 
at least we were more or less on par for FY26. So I would look at Q4 as an exceptionally inflated 
quarter because it was more of a Q3 plus Q4 kind of a performance. 
 And if you recall, Q3 was not a very good quarter for us. So I will rehyphenate Q4 because Q4 
is exceptionally big. So therefore, the question of the sequential Q4 to Q1, I think, is not really 
valid because Q4 is not really a relevant point. I think is Q1 the base? Obviously, I will not answer 
that question because we, again, don't want to give any kind of indication of what FY27 is likely 
to be other than the broader guidance we've talked about. Please take it for granted that our 
business tends to be lumpy just the way Q4 was lumpy. There will be lumpiness. So, let's not try 
to standardize or look at a base. I think, again, like I said, we don't have exceptions in Q1. W e 
don't have one -offs. We don't have like destocking. But at the same time, our commercial 
revenues are driven by a handful of molecules. So they are subject to volatility and that volatility 
will be there. So therefore, we are cautious in not giving you any indications of how things will 
flow. But we believe YFY27 will be a good year and F Y28 will be a good year as well. And 
that's something that I'm happy to reiterate. 
Chirag Shah: Okay. So, there is no excessive stocking-related supplies, at least in your assessment. Fair point. 
Sir, second question is on the development side. So, if I go back into the history, we used to have 
a reasonably high absolute number of development as high as even INR 300 crores. Currently, 
we are doing anywhere between around INR100 crores. 
 So, if I say FY26, it was INR90-odd crores of development revenue. And if I go to FY24 or even 
earlier, it used to be much higher number in absolute terms. obviously, percentage terms also, we 
are at all-time low kind of a number because of good commercial sales. Is there a change in the 
way you are selecting the development products vers us what it was, say, in FY 22, FY23, FY24 
or earlier years, where you are very choosy or very specific only those molecules which you think 
can be big? Is there a change in the approach and hence, the development revenue will always 
look absolute low versus FY24 as a base? 
Saharsh Davuluri: No. See, I'll tell you, Chirag, the reason why we separate development revenue from commercial 
in our disclosures, Chirag, is because we think it's important for analysts, investors to know what 
is the recurring part of the business. That's the reason why we separate the development from the 
commercial. What we would like folks to look at is look at a long -term pattern of commercial 
and see how it's moving, and that's the general indicator of what the base is going to be like. The 
development revenues are very, very product -specific, Chirag. If we were making, say, 10, 20 
tons of launch quantity of an NCE and we were shipping 10, 20 tons of a high-value NCE over 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
a 3 -quarter period, it's very possible that we would have had INR 200 crores of development 
revenues. 
 There may be other situations where we are making only a couple of tons or maybe INR50 crores 
of development revenues because the customer is not ordering that much launch quantities. The 
key point here is launch quantities we always categorize as development revenues. And therefore, 
you may have historically seen that there were these large development revenues. 
 It's quite possible they might happen again. But just because we are not seeing those large 
development revenues does not mean that there is a correlation to commercial revenues. because 
not every customer would prepare for those kind of launches and every strategy is different. 
 But it doesn't take away from the point that our pipeline still has very exciting large value 
molecules. So therefore, my answer to you is that the pattern of development revenue may not 
give you the kind of insight you're looking for. The commercial revenue trend is what we are 
trying to give you. I think development pipeline, the health of development pipeline, I think you 
will have to rely on our qualitative analysis, which we try to be consistent and give to you as 
well. But you may not get the insight you're looking for, but I can assure you that our quality of 
development pipeline is only getting better and better. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Kushal Chovatia with Nomura. 
Kushal Chovatia: Sir, my question is with regards to this strategic collaboration which you announced with Gland 
Pharma. So, is this for some particular suite of products? Or what is it for? And why have you 
partnered with Gland? What made you chose them as a partner? 
Sajeev Medikonda: Yes. So , I think basically, we are looking at this collaboration with Gland for their sterile 
manufacturing capabilities, which I think we have talked about in the past too that there's a part 
of our specialty GDS portfolio where we have a few molecules where we are working with niche 
players in certain markets, and those are molecules that require specific technologies. 
 And this is something that we have looked at in terms of sterile API manufacturing is something 
which Grand has established themselves as one of the key players when it comes to this specific 
kind of sterile manufacturing (Aspectic), which is not very prevalent, not just in India, but across 
the globe, too. There are very few players. So given their capabilities and their regulatory track 
record and even our capability and even our strategy of working with niche molecules, also 
developing processes which are complex, not just at the API level, but also in terms of the way 
that the sterilization should be done. 
 So, we have done that work, and we felt that over a period of time , this is an area that we want 
to continue to focus on. Customers are dependent on Neuland for this. So, as we see that the long-
term market for some of these products is going to be significant, and it is something that we see 
happening over a period of time, we have decided to come together with Gland and to make this 
strategic collaboration 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes. I think just to add to what Sajeev said, I think for us, we also see a very strong synergy with 
Gland because one, we don't compete with each other. There's a lot of synergies between what 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
they do, what we do. They have a fantastic track record in managing sterile products. We have 
very good experience in making complex APIs. For us to move into making sterile product would 
attract a sort of a lot of risks associated with managing sterile facilities. And that's something that 
as management of Neuland, we thought we should try to avoid. 
 At the same time, someone like Gland, who's very good at sterile, but maybe not necessarily got 
their energy focused on developing complex APIs. It's a very good partnership. We see a very 
good runway, not just for the few products that we have collaborate d with now, but we see 
opportunity for collaborating with for full of products as well. 
 And I think it's also a great opportunity for us because it's an asset -light arrangement for us. So, 
without necessarily getting into the rig role of creating an asset and managing it, etcetera, we are 
able to rely on this partnership. So, we are very excited, and we think it's going to be a long-term 
collaboration. 
Kushal Chovatia: Okay. And just to clarify, so these products for which you collaborated with them are all 
genericized products? 
Saharsh Davuluri: These are all from the niche generic category. we have the prime category and the niche category, 
right? These are all like niche category. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Ketan Acharya with Promore Broking Private Limited. 
Ketan Acharya: Sir, congratulations on excellent quarter with commercial molecules driving growth. Another 
capacity expansion announced today and EBITDA margins expanding significantly. Should 
investors view this as a beginning of a structurally higher earning phase for Neuland rather than 
just a favorable product mix quarter? Also, should we think about sustainable margin capacity 
utilization and commercial molecules growth over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Thank you for your kind words. I think we see this quarter's performance, again, as a good 
indicator of the progress we've been making as a CMS -focused CDMO-focused company. And 
I think it definitely points to the direction in which we are growing. Again, not every quarter is 
going to be even. I think there's always going to be ups and downs. But I think the trend line is 
very clear. And I think if you look at the slide where we talk about our last 10 to 15 quarters, I 
think it's very clear that we are progressing in the right direction. 
 And I think that data speaks louder than any of the words that I might say. In terms of EBITDA 
margins, again, I think we were a very conservative company. We always have been telling you 
guys that expect a 25% kind of an EBITDA from Neuland. I'm glad to see that we've been on the 
right side of that number. But also, I have to be honest to say that we've had favorable conditions 
in terms of exchange rates and things like that. 
 Therefore, I would say you will see maybe higher EBITDA. But I think in terms of our plans, in 
terms of our long term, 25% plus is what we would be coming for. And anything that's above 
that is kind of a bonus. So that's kind of where I would leave it at. And I think let each quarter 
unfold, but definitely don't expect even performance every quarter. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Ketan Acharya: And to add to that, sir, is this going to be due to higher utilization of existing commercial 
molecules or new commercial molecule launches would support this? And just the last thing, are 
we looking at any stock split or bonus because that question has been asked in several con calls, 
but never answered. 
Saharsh Davuluri: No, I think this year, we'll see development revenue go up, and we have talked about it. I think 
that development revenue will lead to commercial revenue. I'm not sure it will lead to substantial 
commercial revenue in FY 27. But FY28 onwards, you can see more molecules contributing to 
the commercial revenue. 
 And in terms of your second comment about stock split, I think that's something that I think was 
even mentioned by a few shareholders in the Annual Shareholders' Meeting yesterday. As you 
know, it's a Board matter, and we will definitely take the suggestio n and discuss it in our Board 
and look at all the elements that surround that decision, and we will try to see what can be done 
about that. But definitely appreciate your comment on that. 
Ketan Acharya: It's glad to be a 10-year-old investor in your company.  
Moderator: I now hand the conference over to Runjhun to take the webcast question. Over to you, Runjhun. 
Runjhun Jain: So, I'll just read out a few questions from the webcast. There is a question from Mohit Sharaf, an 
individual investor. We have talked about acquiring adjacent lands and integrating them with our 
existing units in order to  skip through the gestation period and expand without triggering 
greenfield approval cycle. Apart from 6, 7 acres adjacent land that we have acquired at Unit 1, 
we haven't heard anything else on that front. So,  some color on where we are on this. Once we 
are done with this exercise, how much adjacent land would be able to acquire and within what 
time line? 
Saharsh Davuluri: Yes, sure. So, I think the way I would respond to that is acquiring adjacent lands for expanding 
the site as was acknowledged , I think it's a convenient strategy for the short to medium term 
because it helps us amalgamate land into an existing site, and it helps us get FDA approvals, 
environmental clearances, etcetera, because those things are very easy to do. 
 But we are also looking at long-term plans as well, and that would involve -- we currently operate 
3 manufacturing sites. We would be looking at additional manufacturing sites where we would 
have larger headroom for capacity. Ultimately, for the organizati on to grow beyond the 3-year, 
4-year period, we would need to have possession of more industrial land, larger pieces of land, 
and that is something that you should expect from the company in the near future. 
 But yes, for now, I think the acquisition of land around the site is only a short-term opportunistic 
move to help us ensure that next 2, 3 years, we are comfortable in terms of servicing the needs 
of our customers. 
Runjhun Jain: The next question comes from Gulab Soni, again an individual investor. Do we feel that this 
margin profile is peak, particularly if we see in terms of product mix in analyzed manner? Or still 
we have more scope of operating leverage with CMS expected? How would you try to attract 
people in CMS or GDS because it's a vast TAM. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Neuland Laboratories Limited 
  August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Saharsh Davuluri: I think our margin profile is in a fairly comfortable space, Runjhun, and I think this is a reasonable 
margin to expect from this business, although there is a fairly divergent set of molecules. We see 
molecules which are having lower margins and higher margins. So eventually, it's the mix that 
will determine what the average profile is. I think you can expect the margin profiles to be 
healthy, as I had indicated to the previous question as well. 
 ROCE is something that maybe is going to kind of ebb and flow because right now, our 3-year 
ROCE is quite healthy. But if we are going to go into an expansion mode and we will have to 
deploy more capital for long term, we should have the ability to absorb a longer gestation period, 
which would mean lower ROCE for a shorter period. But I think we will have guardrails around 
that. So, we will be mindful. But you should see maybe a dip in ROCE, but not necessarily a dip 
in margins. But again, I would not benchmark against Q4 or Q1. I would go back to the 25% that 
I had indicated earlier. 
Moderator: Again, with the audio question. Our next question comes from the line of Tirumala Reddy , an 
individual investor. 
Tirumala Reddy: On this peptide manufacturing plant, so you mentioned that within a month it will be going to be 
commissioned. So, do we have any order book visibility from this peptide manufacturing block? 
Or do we have to go through an FDA inspection and then wait for commercial. 
Saharsh Davuluri: I think both questions are actually independent, Tirumala Reddy . The order book, I would say 
we definitely have visibility. I indicated to, I think, the gentleman earlier, we have a couple of 
projects which are going to use this new peptide facility. So, we are very excited that this facility 
even before commissioning has projects that are ready for entering. 
 So that's a great place for us to be in. This facility is in our FDA -approved manufacturing site. 
So in some ways, it is part of an FDA-approved facility. However, given that it is a new building, 
it's subject to FDA audit, but that is really dependent on how the FDA would look at the filing 
when it's made. So , we expect that there will be an FDA inspection in the future. but we don't 
necessarily see that as a gating issue because the plant itself that it is located in one is an FDA -
approved site. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, team. 
Sajeev Medikonda: Once again, thank you, everyone, for joining in today. I apologize for the brief break in between. 
Thank you for your interest in Neuland. And I think even if there are further questions, please do 
reach out to Runjhun and Minakshi of EY. With that said, good evening, everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Neuland Laboratories Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 