[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Friday, 13th February, 2025 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
NSE Script Code - MMP 
 
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting No. 5 of FY 2025-26 Held on Friday, 13th February, 2026  
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 & 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 and 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) this is to inform that, Meeting No. 5 of Board of Directors of MMP 
Industries Limited was held on 13th February, 2026 at 12.25 P.M. and concluded at 01.30 
P.M. through other Audio Visual Means, inter alia, transacted following:  
 
1. Considered, reviewed and approved, the Statement of Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the Quarter (Q 3) /  Financial Year 
2025-26 ended 31 December , 2025, duly reviewed and recommended by the Audit 
Committee of the Company  along with Limited Review Report issued by Statutory 
Auditor of the company. (Enclosed herewith) 
 
2. Considered and approved appointment of  M/s. Nitin Alsi and Associates as Internal  
Auditors of company for FY 2026 -27. The brief profile is enclosed herewith for records . 
 
3. Considered an d approved further investment in  wholly owned subsidiary – MMP 
Cables Private Limited and MMP Electricals Private Limited. Details in Annexure  
 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
Madhura Singh   
CS & Compliance Officer 
Add: Nagpur 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
Details of Outcome as per provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1 Brief Profile Of M/S 
Nitin Alshi & 
Associates, 
Chartered 
Accountants, 
Nagpur (Internal 
Auditors) 
M/S Nitin Alshi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Nagpur 
is a well-known firm of Chartered Accountants having 
expertise of more than 2 decades in risk based internal 
audits, advisory & forensic audit, business management, 
internal financial controls and management consultancy in 
manufacturing, finance, banking. expertise in ac counts 
costing, marketing legal, recovery, retail banking, debt 
syndication, private equity and debt restructuring.  
 
The audit firm is having considerable experience in Risk 
Based Internal audit in listed as well as large private 
corporates. The audit is conducted with 360 degree 
approach which includes critical analysis of accounts, 
taxations impact, review of business processes across 
functions, suggestions for cost reduction, evaluation of 
internal controls at all functional levels, analysis of Budget, 
performance measurement of functional departments with 
special reference to activity based management, TQM 
parameters & MIS, detection of fraud prone areas, 
enterprise risk analysis, Data analysis and Compliance, etc.  
 
The firm consists of four partners namely,  
 
1.  CA Nitin Alshi, B. Com, FCA, ACMA, DISA (ICA), 
FAFD(ICAI), PGDERM, CCA (ICAI) 
2.  CA Samir Chitnis, B. Com, FCA 
3.  CMA Milind Alshi, M.com, MBA, FCMA 
4.  CA Nidhi Alshi, ACA, ACCA(UK), DISA (ICAI), 
FAFD(ICAI), CCA (ICAI), B.com 
2 Investment in 
MMP Cables 
Private Limited 
Further investment in MMP Cables Private Limited upto Rs. 5 
crores in form of Equity shares. 
 
The company will continue to be wholly owned subsidiary of 
MMP Industries Limited. 
3 Investment in 
MMP Electricals 
Private Limited 
Further investment in MMP Cables Private Limited upto Rs. 5 
crores in form of Share Capital. 
 
The company will continue to be wholly owned subsidiary of 
MMP Industries Limited. 
 
[page 3]

[page 4]

[page 5]

[page 6]

[page 7]

[page 8]

[page 9]

[page 10]

