[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
Ref: 34/SE/LC/2025-26                  Date: August 19, 2025 
 
Scrip Code BSE: 544122  
            NSE: ENTERO  
            ISIN: INE010601016 
 
To,  
Head, Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001.  
 
 
       Head, Listing Compliance Department  
       National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
       Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block,  
       Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
       Mumbai- 400051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Call/ Conference Call. 
In continuation to our letter dated July 30, 2025 bearing reference no. 28/SE/LC/2025-26, and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) of S EBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Call/ Conference Call held 
on August 11, 2025 at 05:00 pm (IST) to discuss the Company’s unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 is annexed herewith. 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited  
 
 
Sanu Kapoor 
Vice president- General Counsel, Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
 
 Encl. a/a 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited's Q1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 11 th  August 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT : M R. PRABHAT AGARWAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. BALAKRISHNAN KAUSHIK - GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
          ANALYST : M R. RAHUL DANI - MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
LIMITED  

[[PAGE 3]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of Entero 
Healthcare Solutions Limited hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in t he listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Please note this conference call may contain forwar d-looking statements about the company 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this 
call. These statements are not the guarantees of fu ture performance and involve risk and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Rahul Dani: Hi, good evening everyone on a very warm welcome to  Entero Healthcare Solutions Q1 FY'26 
earnings call. On the call today, we have with us M r. Prabhat Agarwal – Managing Director & 
CEO and we have Mr. Balakrishnan Kaushik – Group CFO. 
I will hand over the call to the management for the  opening remarks and then we'll move to 
Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Prabhat Agarwal: Yes, thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining our earnings conference call 
to discuss the operational and financial performance for Q1 FY'26. My name is Prabhat and on 
this call, I am joined by Mr. Balakrishnan Kaushik – Group CFO and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. I hope everyone had an opportuni ty to go through the financial results and 
investor presentation which has been uploaded on th e Stock Exchange and also on our 
Company's website. 
We have started the new financial year on a strong note with Q1 revenues growing 28% year-
on-year as against the IPM growth of 9% to Rs. 1,404 crores. On a like-to-like basis, the revenue 
growth is 31%. 3% growth is adjusted after a change in revenue recognition for a certain contract 
on a net margin basis. More importantly, this growt h is broad-based supported both by organic 
expansion contributing 15% on a like-to-like basis where we continue to deliver around 1.6 times 
the market growth rate and the rest through M&A exe cuted in last financial year. We have 
already announced more than 400 crores of acquisiti ons in the last conference call, some of 
which have already closed in the current quarter and the balance also will be closed in Q2 itself. 
At the same time, there are more deals in the pipel ine which will be announced once the 
transaction documents are signed. Acquisitions will  remain an important lever for growth but 
our approach will continue to be disciplined and value-accretive. 
Gross profit came in at Rs. 140 crores up 40% year-o n-year with our gross margins improving 
by 83 basis points to 9.9% versus last year and 17 basis points versus last quarter. This 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 18 
improvement has been driven by higher value-added s ervices, margin accretive categories and 
procurement efficiencies. EBITDA for the quarter was  Rs.50 crores representing a growth of 
66% year-on-year with margins improving by 82 basis  points versus last year to 3.6%. Profit 
after tax increased 47% year-on-year to Rs.30 crores. In spite of higher gross margins versus last 
quarter, EBITDA margins declined from 3.7% to 3.6% v ersus last quarter as the operating 
leverage impact was not felt in this quarter due to  annual salary and wage increases being 
implemented at the beginning of the year. Our revenue base increased by 5% versus last quarter 
while operating costs increased by 9% over last qua rter. Now, the fixed manpower costs have 
been fully baked in the quarterly operating cost nu mbers and as the revenue growth catches up 
in the rest of the year, the positive impact of ope rating leverage will start playing out. Even the 
IPM revenue growth significantly from Q2 onwards an d after the rainy season. This is in line 
with our historical quarterly performance and even our full-year guidance of 4% plus EBITDA 
margins had factored this in the projections. Equal ly important is our continued focus on cash 
flows. We have moderated our net working capital from about 71 days about a year ago to around 
66 days in last couple of quarters. We have initiated multiple initiatives to further optimize both 
inventory and receivables through ERP-driven control s and data science-based techniques and 
we are targeting another 10% reduction in working capital days by end of this financial year. 
Our network and reach have strengthened further. We now serve over 71,000 retail pharmacies 
and more than 2,500 hospitals across 469 districts in India supported by 102 warehouses 
strategically located across the country. Our produ ct portfolio has expanded to over 74,700 
SKUs sourced from more than 2,600 healthcare produc t manufacturers. This scale is not just 
about numbers. It is about reach, vast product port folio, service reliability and quality which 
helps us to continuously gain confidence and wallet  share from our customers. More and more 
customers including even organized retailers find our value proposition compelling and unique. 
At the same time, as we penetrate larger parts of I ndia with significant share in micro markets, 
we become significantly more attractive for any healthcare product manufacturer to collaborate 
or partner with us both for demand fulfillment and demand generation activities. Our strategic 
playbook centered on discipline in organic growth, organic scale-up in underserved markets and 
deepening partnerships with healthcare brands continues to deliver and bring us closer to a long-
term vision of building India's most comprehensive, efficient and digitally integrated healthcare 
distribution platform. 
We are executing on three clear growth pillars. First, organic expansion, deepening penetration 
in our existing markets, winning a larger wallet sh are from existing customers and expanding 
our product range especially into higher margin cat egories like medical devices, diagnostics, 
surgical consumables, trade generics, specialty pha rma. Second, discipline in organic growth. 
We are very selective with acquisitions now. We onl y acquire where there is a strong strategic 
fit, whether it's a new geography, a differentiated  product segment or a capability that 
strengthens our value proposition. Third, operational excellence. This means better procurement, 
technology-driven efficient warehousing and deliver y infrastructure and optimized operating 
cost and working capital management. It is worth reiterating that the Indian pharma distribution 
market is still highly fragmented, with organized p layers accounting for less than 10% of the 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 18 
market. Our pan-India technology-led and category-neutral platform is difficult to replicate. This 
positions us uniquely to capture outsized share gains as the market consolidates. 
Looking ahead, we are on track to deliver 30% revenue growth in FY'26 including both organic 
and inorganic growth, surpassing 4% full-year EBITDA  margins and generating positive 
operating cash flows. Margin expansion will be driven by richer product mix, procurement gains, 
value-added services and operating leverage from scale. We are targeting to achieve the working 
capital target of 60 days by the end of this financ ial year. In summary, Q1 FY'26 has been a 
strong start to the year. We continue to deliver on  vast consolidation opportunities in an 
extremely fragmented healthcare supply chain, through organic expansion as well as disciplined 
M&A. We continue to add customers, enhance product portfolio through collaboration with 
healthcare brands, diversify into new product categ ories such as medical devices, diagnostics, 
trade-generics etc. to become a one-stop solution for our customers. 
With this, I close my opening remarks and invite people to ask questions. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the questio n and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth:  Hi, thank you team for the opportunity and congrat s on the improvement in gross margins and 
EBITDA margins. A couple of questions on the growth part. You did mention that 31% is a like-
to-like growth with 3% is related to a revenue recognition impact. But if I look at organic growth 
of 15% and adjust and calculate the inorganic contribution for the quarter, it seems sequentially 
declining. Last quarter, I think you mentioned arou nd Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 225 crores was the 
contribution from the inorganic revenue. What would  be that number and if that number has 
lowered down, why is that? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  So, Chintan. This is Bala here. So, if you look at the growth, the 225 that you mentioned for last 
quarter, that number was about Rs. 218 crores and t his quarter that's about Rs. 230 crores. So, 
there is a growth. When you look at organic-inorganic for entities that were acquired during the 
Quarter 1 of FY'25, the portion that was there in t he reported numbers will move into organic. 
So, if you look at like-to-like, it's about 230 ver sus 218 of last year. So, there is a growth on 
those numbers as well. 
Chintan Sheth:  Okay, got it. And in terms of acquisition pipeline , if we can, we're still keeping track on the 800 
crores to 1000 odd crore of revenue acquisition for the year or any change on that number if you 
want to highlight? 
Prabhat Agarwal: Yes. So, if you look at the guidance that we gave on this year's revenue rate of growth of 30%, 
that includes both organic and inorganic part. So, inorganic part, we had assumed around 500 
crores of recognized revenue on books. So, which is what we are on track. We have already done 
Rs. 400 crores in Quarter 1 we announced, which will  start reflecting from Quarter 2 onwards. 
And there are further more acquisitions in pipeline that will be completed. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 18 
Chintan Sheth:  Got it. I will join back in the queue. Thank you f or the opportunity. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bh argav from Ambit Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhargav: Good evening, Team and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in your press release, you mentioned 
that earlier the guidance was to do acquisition by August, but that has been pushed over to 
November. So, if you can share some reasons for the same, that's my first question. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  All these acquisitions that we have announced in p revious conference calls that will be 
completed during this quarter. Two of them we have already completed. One of them we are just 
waiting for drug license to conclude. 
Bhargav: Okay. So, what you are hinting at is that in the s econd quarter, couple of acquisitions will be 
announced? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Not announced, completed. The one that we announce d previously. 
Bhargav:  Yes. So, your revenue recognition will start happe ning? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. From Quarter 2, yes. 
Bhargav:  Okay. And what would be the size of them in terms of revenue on the second quarter? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  It depends on the day when we are able to close. A s I told you, couple of them we have already 
closed. So, some of them the revenue is flowing fro m July beginning one of them is going to 
flow from July end. One of them, everything is comp lete. We are just waiting for the new drug 
license in the new company. The drug license site is down for 10 days now. So, we are not able 
to close that transaction. The moment the site is o pen, within 3-4 days, we should close the 
transaction and the revenue will start flowing in. So, it's difficult to accurately predict. Some of 
this we are dependent on external factors, but what  I can tell you that all four transactions will 
be definitely closed. Two of them has already closed. Balance 2 will also be closed. 
Bhargav:  Okay, understood. Secondly, sir, is it fair to say  that 1Q is seasonally the weakest quarter for us? 
And if we have done 66 days of working capital in 1 Q, it is fair to say that the working capital 
from here on only should improve given that the rev enue growth in terms of absolute also will 
be higher in the subsequent quarter? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Which is you know typically if you look at even th e pharma industry, how the revenues are split 
into 4 quarters, you will see that Quarter 2 is gen erally 8%-10% higher than Quarter 1. Quarter 
2 is the strongest quarter in the pharma industry b ecause of the rainy season, because of which 
the spread of infectious diseases. So, typically an d historically also even in our numbers, you 
will see that Quarter 2 is generally 10%-12% higher  than Quarter 1. So, on a high quarter 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 18 
numbers, your NWC in days goes down because the NWC d oesn't increase in the same 
proportion. So, you are right. These numbers will improve in quarters to come. 
Bhargav:  And lastly, sir, Amazon India has significantly ex panded its reach in selling medicines. So, now 
they are servicing in almost all of their serviceab le pincodes. So, do we benefit out of this and 
how big can this business become? And related to th at, Zepto has also launched a pharmacy in 
August in 4 major metros. So, if you can combine both of these in the same alpha, that would be 
very helpful. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  See, quick commerce foray into pharma healthcare, I am not too sure about how this is going to 
scale up and how this is going to impact because there are a lot of challenges in quick commerce, 
especially on the pharma category. And the challeng es are basically three, you know, number 
one is the range because if the quick commerce value proposition is delivering 10 minutes only, 
then there are few medicines that they can deliver in 10 minutes. But if their value proposition 
is going to be fulfilling the prescription, then th ey won't be able to do that because the pharma, 
the number of SKUs is just humongous, right? So, th ere are so many brands, even we are 
carrying 75,000 SKUs, the whole market is carrying more than 150,000 SKUs, right? So, if your 
value proposition is going to be fulfilling the prescription and there are 4-5 drugs written in the 
prescription, it will be very difficult for them to  fulfill all 4-5. Even the large organized e-
pharmacies are not able to do it, right? So, that w ill be number one challenge. Number two 
challenge will be on AOV, so, how to drive AOV on t his because, you know, in 10 minutes, as 
I said, that whole range will not be available with  you. So, your AOV could be much, much 
lower. On a lower AOV, you will burn a lot of money , okay, because your delivery cost and 
other cost will be a very high proportion of your s ales. Third is the prescription, because the 
prescription, if you don't have a prescription, the n you have to generate prescription through 
doctor calling that adds a lot of cost to the system. So, on a lower AOV, prescription generation 
is required and that will eat up a lot of margins. Fourthly, in terms of if you want to go after, 
because of this prescription addition, your 10-minu te thing may not work out. So, it will take 
much longer time for you to supply the medicine. And, but you won't be able to combine pharma 
delivery with other delivery because if you want to  combine both, pharma will take more time 
because of prescription and because of that, the other things will also get delayed. So, typically, 
what is happening is they are delivering pharma separately and other SKUs separately from the 
same basket, so which adds significant additional cost because of the same order, you will have 
two deliveries. So, because of all these challenges, I am not too sure how much pharma will be 
profitable for quick com companies. But, they are experimenting. Let's see how it works out. 
Bhargav:  And Amazon? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Amazon has a better opportunity than other people because Amazon is not on quick commerce. 
Amazon is trying to fulfill the whole prescription range, right, which is, you don't find anywhere, 
you find on Amazon. So, the value proposition of Amazon is selection, not the speed. 
Bhargav:  Yes. So, are we participating in that opportunity?  
[[PAGE 8]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 18 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes, we supply to organized retailers. 
Bhargav:  Great, sir. Thank you very much and all the very b est. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Is hmohit Arora from SOIC Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Hi, sir. I had a question that for the full financ ial year, do we maintain our 30% plus topline 
growth guidance because sequentially for the last 3 quarters our growth has been a bit lower? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, see, if you look at last whole financial year FY25 our growth rate was more than 30%, right? 
So, when we said that, you know, similar growth rat e will continue in this year. This year on a 
like-to-like basis our growth rate was 31%. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Right, because I think beginning from the, I think this quarter, our base is pretty elevated when 
it comes to the topline comparison versus last year. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. So, the base of Quarter 2 is higher and that' s always has been, if you look at many years, 
for last few years, always Quarter 2 is much higher  than Quarter 1. So, of course, our quarter 
two numbers have to be significantly better than Quarter one to even deliver that kind of a growth 
over a Quarter 2 base. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Right. And sir, the second question was that I thin k in first half of this financial year or for the 
full financial year, I think last concall you alluded to that in H2 we have seen positive cash flows. 
Do we expect a similar trend to continue as H1 will  have positive cash flows or for the full 
financial year we will maintain that we will be positive cash flows? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  We have said that on a full year basis we will be positive cash flow. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Right. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  And similarly for EBITDA margin also, we have said that on a full year basis we will be 4% 
plus. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Sure, sir. All the best for the coming quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of S udarshan Padmanabhan from Ask Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan:  Yes, thank you for taking my question. So, my ques tion is, know, if I want to understand a little 
bit more on the operation, in the last few quarters, and even if I look at the fourth quarter versus 
the first quarter, the number of district covered had basically come down from 500 to 469. And 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 18 
similarly, the number of retailers, the number of SKUs as well as the number of manufacturers. 
So, I mean, anything that you can add in this or are we primarily looking to basically scale down 
and focus more on operational efficiency? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Just one second. I am just trying to pull out earl ier quarters. So, if you look at, sequentially also 
if you look at quarter, my Quarter 4 had 69,000 cus tomers, Quarter 1 had 71,000 customers, 
right? So, it has not gone down. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: So, I mean, I was referring to the SKUs and the nu mber of district covered, etc. That's the page 
number #6. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, if you look at, in quarter-to-quarter, compari ng exactly with the same quarter last year for 
district covered in FY'26 was 469, last year it was 448. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: So, there is a seasonality is what you're saying. I mean, even this data that you are providing, I 
mean, on a quarter-on-quarter? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  I am not able to understand how you are figuring o ut seasonality, which data point are you 
looking at? 
Ishmohit Arora:  So, I am looking at the data point, where you know , the number of SKUs handled in FY'25, is 
basically 80,600. The number of retailers is 95,300 . And when I come into the first quarter, it 
shows the retailers as --  
Prabhat Agarwal:  If you are comparing with full year with a quarter . If you look at just quarterly numbers, you 
know, because sometimes what happens is that same retailer may not have built in every quarter. 
So, it will get captured in the full year, but it m ay not get captured in that particular quarter in 
which we are not building, right? So, you look at q uarter-to-quarter. So, if I look at last year, 
Quarter 1, FY25, we had 60,000 customers. In Quarter 1 of this year, we have 71,000 customers. 
That's the more like-to-like comparison. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. And with respect to understanding the cost, I think, one, clearly on a year-on-year basis, 
when I see there has been a sharp improvement in the gross margin, and for the reason that you 
had explained that there has been a salary hike, but is it fair to understand going forward, you're 
talking about over 30% growth, the rate of change o f the salary cost would incrementally start 
coming down. And incrementally, that will start flo wing to your EBITDA . So, that is probably 
something that we should expect from the next 3 quarters? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes, it's a simple math, for example we had an ope rating cost of something like Rs. 89 crores in 
this quarter, right? So, all the salary increases h ave already been made in Quarter one, okay? 
And my growth is close to 9% operating cost, right?  My revenue growth target is 30% for the 
full year, right? But on a quarter-on-quarter basis , my revenue growth is only 5%. So, this 5% 
will expand to 30%. But my entire cost increase has already been built in Quarter 1. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 18 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. And if I just go through that, probably will  exit the 4 th  quarter, if I just extrapolate this, 
anywhere between 4% to 4.5% which is there for the full year you will basically…? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Next three quarters has to be between that. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. And, with respect to the acquisition, I thin k as you had talked earlier that there is going to 
be part growth from your acquisition and partly fro m your existing business, just to understand 
from a longer term perspective, as the pace catches up, what is your thought process with respect 
to the rate of change of acquisition that has been very healthy till now? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, rate of acquisition will go down in future. In  next 2-3 years, the rate of acquisition will go 
down because we will not need so many. I mean, we would have penetrated a good part of India, 
we would have expanded into various product segment s. So, the need, the inorganic need will 
go down, right? So, today, the inorganic is contributing almost 15%-16% on our growth, right? 
So, in future, this 15%-16% growth will taper down, the organic growth will continue. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Perfect. But the cash flows will be more robust, right? Because in that case, your acquisition, the 
CAPEX that goes into it, that will not be required. So, to that extent, your cash generation ability 
will increase substantially during that. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. The idea is that we should be cash flow posit ive on the operating cash flow. So, whatever 
operating cash flows we generate, that would give us the ability to acquire more in future. As of 
now, we are using IPO funds to do that. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Perfect, sir. And I mean, just one final question before I join back, what would be the OCF per 
se in the second half of last year and first quarter of this year? Is there some color on that? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  It was positive. Last six months was good, positiv e. But as I told you, we are working on multiple 
projects on working capital reduction. And I believe, you know, among all the levers, that's the 
lower hanging lever for us. Because, at this scale, we can definitely optimize much more on 
working capital. Today is 66 days and earlier we had given a target of getting 10% reduction or 
60 days in two years. Now, we are saying that by en d of this financial year, we should be able 
to reach there. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure, sir. Thanks a lot. I will join back the queu e. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please 
go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. And first ques tion is, has Entero's approach to integrating 
acquisitions fundamentally evolved and between let's say 2018-19 versus last 12 months? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes, definitely. We have been learning from our ex perience over the last 4-5 years. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 18 
Sajal Kapoor:  Would you be able to share 1 or 2 examples of that  learning, please? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Now earlier, we were taking a much slower approach  in integrating. Now we are taking a more 
aggressive approach in integrating. So, from maybe we changed the ERP systems or technology 
systems from day #1, earlier we were waiting a much longer time to, change those things because 
we wanted the existing sellers to, we didn't want to disrupt the business so much and we wanted 
a slower integration. Now we are much ahead in that. Our selection criteria has changed quite a 
bit now versus earlier. Now we are not looking at very small scale acquisitions. We are looking 
at the targets from multiple angles as compared to how we used to look at it in the first 2 years 
of our existence. And that's why you would see that  most of the acquisitions that we have done 
over the last 12 months have all been margin accretive. 
Sajal Kapoor:  Yes, sure. And just to follow up, how do you motiv ate your team and maintain a productive 
company culture amid this rapid organic and inorganic expansion? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  This team has been around for a long time. Most of  the senior members of this team have been 
around for the last 6 years. They know, we have gro wn together as a team. There are various 
kind of reward mechanisms in place including ESOPs and all that. So this is an exciting business. 
Where would you find so many businesses where we ar e growing like 30% year-on-year with 
10 acquisitions in a year being done. So, it's a great learning experience also for a lot of people. 
Sajal Kapoor:  Sure, it is. Yes. And lastly, what is the investme nt roadmap for your proprietary technology 
platform over the next 1-3 years? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  We have already built a lot of technology, you kno w. To be honest, we are one of the few 
companies that have developed our own ERP systems, w hich can be customized, which can be 
integrated with Facebook, can be integrated with Wh atsApp, which can be integrated with any 
other social media platform. So, all these we have built our own apps, customer facing apps. We 
are also working on a health tech platform where we should be able to integrate directly with the 
retailer system. So, all these tech investments hav e been made in the past. We don't see much 
significant investments in tech going forward. It's  already in place. It just needs to be utilized 
more or capitalized more.  
Sajal Kapoor:  So, that means that as we start monetizing the tec h, so investments have been made, it's all 
upfront pain that we have already endured. So, the benefits should start flowing in incrementally 
as we go into this fiscal, later half of this fiscal and maybe next one? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  For example, if I am saying that I am targeting 10 % reduction in working capital days, that will 
play a very strong role in that, without that tech, we wouldn't have been able to do it or we won't 
be able to do it. 
Sajal Kapoor:  Absolutely. That's very helpful. Thank you so much . All the very best. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ak shat Mehta from Seven Rivers Holding. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta:  Sir, one question on the revenue part itself. You said that around Rs. 230 crores of acquisition is 
what is included in the current quarter. How should  we then look at the 15 that implies that 
around 7% growth is the organic. So how should we look at that and the 15% number? So if you 
can just help me make sense of the revenue growth figures? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  So Akshat, the way it is, is, so there were certai n acquisitions that were done in Q1 FY'25. And 
certain revenue numbers were reported out of it int o our financials of Q1 FY'25. And some of 
it, which is the pre-acquisition revenue, whatever was that value it goes into the inorganic. And 
whatever is excess or what we have already reported in the previous year goes into organic. So, 
you will have to look at those numbers in an overall basis. If you try to split between what went 
into organic, inorganic, that's probably why you're  getting a different number in your 
calculations. 
Akshat Mehta:  Just to confirm, you mean to say that, some part o f the acquisition revenue that has come in this 
Quarter 1, some part of that is also there in Quarter 1 FY'25? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Exactly. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay. Secondly, I wanted to ask if, if we exclude the amount of annual increment that was given 
to the employees this quarter, what would be the ba sis point impact on our margins, you from 
3.6? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  It would have been 20 basis points. 
Akshat Mehta:  And, the acquisition that was done last year in FY '25, around 500 crores that we booked, what 
kind of growth that we'll see on these acquisitions, in this year? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Similarly, what you're talking about, +15%. 
Akshat Mehta:  Thirdly, sir, if you can help us understand, this tax rate for this quarter was quite low at 17%. 
How should we look at this for the full year as well? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  So, Akshat, the tax rates for the full year will a lso be in the similar range, because we are taking 
some tax efficiency measures, which is actually hel ping us improve our tax. So, the annual 
numbers will also be somewhat in the similar range of 17%-18%. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay, sir. And this employee cost number that we'v e gotten for the year, 58 crores, some 2%-
3% quarter-on-quarter, upside on that is what we can take as the number for the full year, right? 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 18 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Part of the manpower cost is fixed. A certain part  is also variable, which is mostly sales 
commission and all that. So, that will change in pr oportion to sales, but the rest of the cost will 
remain fixed. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay. But we can roughly take, multiply it by 4 and  put some upside to that as the full year 
number. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay, sir. And just one confirmation, sir, you sai d that we are targeting 500 crores of acquisition 
this year? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay. Thank you, sir. I will come back. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prince from Pinc Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Prince: Thank you for taking my question.  First question is, in this quarter, there is no gro wth in our 
hospital customers. So, if you can throw some light on it? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  We are already at almost 2,500 plus hospital custo mers. 
Prince:  Yes. So, there was no addition in the hospital cus tomers. It was similar to the last quarter. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  At the end of the day, we are getting more wallet share from the same hospitals. Even a lot of 
hospitals are getting consolidated also, right? So,  it's like they are becoming part of one group. 
So, it's getting reported as one single customer. 
Prince:  Okay. So, if you can share the increase, increment al wallet share from these hospitals, as well 
as those distributors? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, we are not giving, know, kind of revenue split  between hospitals and what do you call in 
hospitals and pharmacies, right? It's sometimes very difficult to get the data out also, because a 
lot of hospitals have OPD pharmacies, IPD pharmacie s, sometimes the OPD pharmacies are 
outsourced to third parties, they are counted as re tail pharmacy, while actually it should be 
counted as pharmacy inside a hospital. So the data classification is not very, very, you know, 
accurate, I would say, in hospitals. 
Prince:  Right. So, in terms of wallet share, incremental wa llet share, not the revenue split between the 
hospitals and retailers. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, how will you calculate the wallet share? The w allet share you will calculate by dividing the 
revenue by number of customers, right? And comparing over a period of time, isn't it? Because 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 18 
what you're going to get an aggregate wallet share,  or let's say average wallet share, you won't 
get hospital by wallet share. So, in some hospitals , you might have 30% wallet share, in some 
hospitals, you might have 10% wallet share. So, what you would get is an average wallet share, 
not even wallet share you will get, because you will not know what is the total purchase of that 
hospital, you will only get a revenue per hospital, our revenue . 
Prince:  Understood. And also in terms of acquisitions, cur rently, we have four in pipeline. So, other than 
this four acquisitions pipeline, what opportunities do we see for merger and acquisitions? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, we are evaluating a couple of more deals. Hope fully, you know, in the next one month, we 
should be announcing that. The work is going on, as we speak. 
Prince:  Okay. And for this quarter, EBITDA margin was 3.6%.  And we have a target for FY'26, like 4% 
plus. So, apart from operating leverage, what like,  procurement efficiency, as well as other 
metrics, product mix, like they are, how they will contribute for this, for the financial year? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, this year, what we have said is 4% plus EBITDA margin, right? And, today's Quarter 1, the 
gross margins are at 9.9%, right? So, for the rest,  for the incremental EBITDA, large part of it 
will flow through operating leverage only, because all the costs are there, while revenue is only 
5% maintained in the Quarter 1. So, large part of it will come through operating leverage itself. 
Whatever incremental we get on gross margin will be an additional over and above our targets. 
Prince:  Okay, sir, understood. And, and just for the last part, like, what was the contribution from 
medical devices for this quarter? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Medical devices around 4%-5%. 
Prince:  Okay. So, and how do you look at it going forward for this year? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So, we are more aggressive on medical devices now,  it's growing well, it has a higher margin 
structure also, a couple of deals that we are evaluating are in this space itself. So, this share will 
grow. 
Prince: : Okay, sir. Thanks for answering all the questions . 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sh ivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Thanks for taking my question. My first question i s, I noticed that there are two steps, step down 
subsidies in our list of subsidies. So, just want t o understand why we are looking at this route 
and not a subsidy route? The second one is, we had very low tax rate for this quarter. So, what 
is the reason behind it? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Sorry, I didn't get your question very well. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 18 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  So, sir, in our list of subsidiaries, we have two step down subsidies. So, usually, like we acquire 
the companies as a subsidiary and not route it thro ugh a step down subsidiary. So, just want to 
understand what change does this makes us? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Yes. So, when you are referring to step down subsi diaries, can you tell me which ones you are 
referring to as step down? 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Okay. Just give me a minute. I will just open.  
Balakrishnan Kaushik: I think you're referring to CPD Pharma and Chethana Pharma distributors, if I am not wrong. 
Because basically, we are looking to merge a few ent ities to look at it from an operational 
efficiency. We are doing an operational pilot on if  we merge the entities, how does it work, 
whether it helps us improve our overall operations and stuff. So, there are two subsidiaries which 
we are merging with one of our existing subsidiarie s. So, in this quarter, the shares of those 
subsidiaries were sold from Entero to another subsi diary of Entero. And we will be merging 
those subsidiaries. That's the reason you're seeing  a step down subsidiary currently. We are in 
the process of that. So that is the reason you are seeing step down, otherwise, typically all our 
acquisitions happen as a direct subsidiary of Entero. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Okay sir, great. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  And next question on the taxation. We are also wor king on certain tax efficient way of funding 
our subsidiaries, which will help us to improve our  overall effective tax rate. The reason being 
that we will be able to utilize the earlier tax los ses and set off our overall tax. That's the reason 
you're seeing a lower effective tax rate. And we be lieve our tax rate for the full year will be in 
the same range. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Okay. So, 16%, like 16%-18%. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Yes, 16%-17% is what it will be expected to be for  the full year as well for FY'26. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  All right. And sir, my next question is on the gro ss margin. From last quarter, we have been 
adjusting 3% of gross margin due to change in contract. And I just want to confirm whether this 
is for a single client only and do we expect any such changes in coming period? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  This is for a single client only to answer a speci fic question. And so far, we do not anticipate any 
other major impact. As it stands today, we don't an ticipate any other major impact of the same 
nature currently. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  But sir, how does this change help the other entity  or like, obviously, because of this change, our 
consolidated growth rate looks like a bit down. But how does this change helps the other entity 
that we made the change in contract? 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 18 
Prabhat Agarwal:  No, it was not a change that was driven by us. It was more driven by the client. So, there are 
various kinds of services that you can provide, either it's full revenue recognition, or we say that 
we just provide you the services, we will bill you for the services and you don't have to buy and 
sell from our books. So, this is what they wanted. So, this is what we did. We don't see any other 
contract right now, existing contract that can go through this route. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Okay, great. And sir my last question is, did we d o any kind of assessment? I mean, 
benchmarking with the global distributors, customer acquisition cost or you know cost to serve 
per order, if you if you would provide this data points, that would be helpful. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  See, although if you compare with US the market is  completely different, if we compare with 
Europe, the market will be very different. Every country is very unique. India is I am telling you 
in pharma itself is such a unique country. In which  country you have like branded generic such 
a big proportion of of pharma industry, right? Either it's most of the geography, either is research 
molecule or patented molecules, and then you have g eneric. India has 3 category, 4 category, 
patented, then branded generic, then trade generic,  and then generic-generic. No country has a 
structure like India, no country has the complexity of the geography that we have, like from such 
a huge entire US and not more than 80,000-90,000 pharmacies. We have, a customer base which 
is larger than the total population of pharmacies in the US. So it's not a good idea to benchmark 
with them, we'll have to create our own benchmarks and measure against our own benchmarks. 
Shivkumar Prajapati:  Understood, sir. Thank you so much, sir, and best of luck. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of I shmohit Arora from SOIC Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Ishmohit Arora: Hi, sir. Just a follow up question. Do we have any view on the market creation  of weight loss 
drugs in India? And are we seeing any impact on our revenues also? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Ishmohit, we are not able to hear you clearly. Can you please repeat your question? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  And be a little slow. 
Ishmohit Arora:  I was asking, are we seeing any market creation ha ppening in the weight loss drugs in India? 
And do we see any positive impact from growth from there also? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes. So, there are two weight loss drugs launched recently, which is, one is Mounjaro, and the 
second is Wegovy and we are distributors for both t hese companies, in fact we are doing 
significant sales for Eli Lilly in India. 
Ishmohit Arora:  Right. That's it. And any idea on how do you see th e market evolving in India itself over the next 
couple of years? 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 18 
Prabhat Agarwal:  I think next year in FY'26, next calendar year, yo u will have a lot of generic companies coming 
in Semaglutide market, right? So that should expand the market significantly. 
Ishmohit Arora:  That's it sir from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of A kshat Mehta from Seven Rivers Holding. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta: Yes, sir. Just wanted to ask if you can share the cash balance on the books right now? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  So we have about 365 crores of cash on our books c urrently. You will not see it all in one place. 
So it will be in different line items because of the way the investments are done. We have about 
365 crores. 
Akshat Mehta:  Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of D ivy Agrawal from Ficom Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Divy Agrawal:  Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. And I am n ew to the Company. So my apologies if there 
are some basic questions on that. So, sir, firstly,  if you look at this quarter, so our inorganic 
growth was around 13% compared to 18% in the previous quarter. So what were the key factors 
driving this reduction? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Our growth rate on organic growth this quarter is higher than the previous quarter. 
Divy Agrawal:  Okay. Because in the PPT, if you see, the consolida ted growth was around 28% and the Entero 
organic growth was 15%. So the balance would be inorganic growth, right? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Inorganic, yes. Correct. 
Divy Agrawal:  So that's 13%. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  So, Divy, I will tell you. Here, what is happening  is you are looking at 28%. The like-to-like 
growth is 31%. And out of 31%, 15% is organic and 16% is inorganic. 
Divy Agrawal:  You're after adjusting that 3%? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  Yes, after adjusting that 3%. Because you need to l ook at like-to-like. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  If you look at Slide #6 of our Investor Presentati on, you will see the breakup between organic 
and inorganic on Slide #6, quarter–on-quarter. 
Divy Agrawal:  Yes, so got your point. And secondly, on the acqui sition side, so considering that our primary 
objective of acquiring smaller distributors is to e xpand geographic presence and increase the 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 18 
number of SKUs. So if we were to achieve the same o rganically, what would be the estimated 
time and capital investment required? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  See, the only thing in terms of time, it could be anywhere. It could be 2 years, 3 years right or it 
could be even longer than that. The good question i s, it's buy versus build. So what is the extra 
that you are paying to buy as compared to build? And what we are paying in goodwill is the only 
amount which is paying over and above what we are p hysically acquiring the assets. Because 
those assets, even if we build organically, we would only have to put. So only the premium over 
and above the net assets that you are acquiring is your cost of buying versus building it yourself. 
I think our total goodwill will be what in our balance sheet? Less than 500 crores. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  About 400. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  So let's say, a revenue of Rs. 6,000 crores has bee n built with, let's say, 400 crores-500 crores of 
goodwill, premium that was paid. 
Divy Agrawal:  So, as we are on the goodwill side, so I just want ed to know, so goodwill right now as on FY'25 
is 16% of the total assets. So would it be prudent to write it off entirely, given that this could 
potentially improve our return ratios? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes, but then it's tested for impairment every yea r. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  See, under IndAS, you need to test goodwill for im pairment. Under the accounting standard, 
there was the concept of goodwill being amortized over a 5 to 10 year period. But under IndAS, 
under which we are covered, the IndAS standards req uire that we test the goodwill for 
impairment at every financial period. 
Divy Agrawal:  So there's no amortization, right? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik:  There's no amortization. Only if at all there is a ny impairment, then that is taken into the books. 
But otherwise, it's only impairment. Only impairment  testing that needs to be done, no 
amortization. 
Divy Agrawal:  So, and lastly, sir, there's a money control artic le dated 30 th  May 2025, which reports that, you 
know, Servier, which is a French drug maker, so it terminated the exclusive distribution 
agreement with Entero after AIOCD intervened over mo nopoly concerns. So could this be a 
similar thing going forward as well in our acquisitions? 
Prabhat Agarwal: Let me first clarify that article, because we neve r gave any response to that article. First of all, 
Servier, we are an exclusive partner for them to promote certain of Servier brands in India, like 
we are for Abbott or we are for Roche, right? So th at contract was never terminated. What was 
the point of AIOCD was that why Entero is only suppl ying to all the stockists. So what was 
agreed that Servier CFAs can also supply to the same stockists, instead of Entero, but marketing 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 18 
and promotion is still with us exclusively. So that Servier partnership has never been terminated 
in terms of marketing and promotion. 
Divy Agrawal:  So right now, we have three agreements, right? Roch e, Abbott and Servier? 
Prabhat Agarwal: For pharma demand generation, yes, for pharma mark eting, right. 
Divy Agrawal:  And the margin for this would be? 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Promotion margins are different than distribution margins, the promotion margins are higher, 
but the cost is also there. So we are putting aroun d 150 people to promote and market Abbott 
and Servier drugs. 
Divy Agrawal:  Okay, and the incremental margin that we get here is, like, if we want to compare the margins 
here, so how much business point upside it will be. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  I think that margin is the confidential informatio n between us and the company, right? So it is 
difficult for us to disclose in a public forum. 
Divy Agrawal:  Sure. Thanks. I got that point. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Prabhat Agarwal:  Yes, I would like to thank everyone for joining th is call. I hope we have been able to address all 
your queries. For any further information, kindly g et in touch with SGA, our investor relations 
advisor. Thank you once again and have a great day. 
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Li mited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 