[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
Ref: 64/SE/LC/2025-26               Date: November 20, 2025 
 
Scrip Code BSE: 544122  
            NSE: ENTERO  
            ISIN: INE010601016 
 
To,  
Head, Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001.  
 
 
       Head, Listing Compliance Department  
       National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
       Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block,  
       Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
       Mumbai- 400051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Call/ Conference Call. 
In continuation to our letter dated November 07, 2025  bearing reference no.        
53/SE/LC/2025-26, and p ursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of  the Earnings 
Call/ Conference Call held on November 13, 2025 at 03:00 pm (IST) to discuss the Company’s 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 is 
annexed herewith. 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
 
 
Sanu Kapoor 
Vice president- General Counsel, Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. a/a 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRABHAT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 MR. BALAKRISHNAN KAUSHIK – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MS. AKANKSHA GUPTA – HEAD- INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 
         ANALYST: MR. NITIN AGARWAL – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
  

[[PAGE 3]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited.  
 As a reminder, all the participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Please note, this conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Agarwal: Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Entero Healthcare 
Solutions Limited Q2 and H1 F Y26 Earnings Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisor at DAM 
Capital Advisors.  On the call today, we have representing Entero Healthcare Solutions, the 
management team comprising of Mr. Prabhat Agrawal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik, Group CFO; and Ms. Akanksha Gupta, Head-Investor Relations. 
 I will hand over the call to the management team to make the opening comments, and then we'll 
open the floor for questions. Please go ahead, sir. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope I'm audible and thank you for joining our earnings 
conference call to discuss the performance for Q2 FY26 and first half of this year. I'm joined by 
Balakrishnan Kaushik, our Group CFO; and Akanksha Gupta, Head IR; and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors on this call. 
 I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results and the investor 
presentation, which are uploaded on the stock exchanges and also on our company's website.  
I'm pleased to share that we have continued making progress across all financial parameters of  
delivering healthy growth trajectory, margin expansion and net working capital improvement in 
the second quarter of the financial year. 
 Let me begin with our top line performance for the quarter. Revenue grew by 20.8% year -on-
year and 11.9% quarter-on-quarter to INR1,571 crores. Adjusted for contracts accounted on net 
margin basis and on like -to-like basis, our revenue growth stood at 23.4% year -on-year, while 
organic growth was 13.4% year -on-year, which is approximately 1.8x the IPM growth rate of 
7.3% during the same period. We were also able to navigate the GST transition quite effectively 
during the September month given the massive product portfolio we carry across 100 -plus 
warehouses.  
[[PAGE 4]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
A key development during the quarter was on the acquisition front, particularly in the MedTech 
segment, where we have significantly expanded our presence. We closed five acquisitions during 
July to October 2025 period with proforma revenues based on FY25 financials of these acquired 
entities of approximately INR545 crores. Additionally, as disclosed yesterday to the exchanges, 
binding agreements and MOUs have been signed for two more MedTech -focused entities, 
Anand Chemiceutics and Bioaide Technologies, bot h of which are expected to be completed 
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence.  So, on a full year basis, we are on track to 
close INR1,000 crores plus revenue acquisitions through 7 M&A transactions. Around 60% of 
our M&A is happening in the MedTech segment, which along with the previous acquisitions in 
this space and organic business will cross over INR1,000 crores post completion and integration 
of these businesses. 
 MedTech is a USD13 billion high-growth segment and synergistic to Entero's existing pharma 
distribution business. Further, the role of distributor is more value-added in terms of commercial 
role along with the standard distributor role, and hence, the margin pool availabl e with the 
distributors are higher.  We have estimated a positive impact of 70 to 90 basis points on gross 
margin and 50 to 75 bps on EBITDA margin on a proforma basis after all the acquisitions are 
integrated with us. This is calculated on  FY25 financials of announced acquisitions, which are 
expected to be closed in second half of the financial year. With these acquisitions, we would be 
present in a wide range of MedTech segment, including diagnostic consumables and equipment, 
cardiology and orthopaedic medical devices and other devices and consumables.  This segment 
represents an attractive growth opportunity for Entero along with margin enhancement potential. 
We have also added business in trade generics, which also is higher growth and margin accretive. 
I reiterate that all these acquisitions were at single -digit enterprise value to EBITDA multiples. 
These acquisitions will be funded through a mix of internal accruals, available cash balance and 
addition of some debt. 
 Gross profit for the quarter stood at  INR161 crores, up 32% year -on-year, with margins 
improving by 29 basis points quarter-on-quarter and 84 basis points year-on-year to 10.2%. This 
improvement was driven by higher value categories, better procurement efficiency and 
operational cost optimization. 
 Another key milestone for us was achieving EBITDA margin of 4% in the quarter, which was 
up by 38 basis points quarter -on-quarter and 69 basis points year -on-year. EBITDA for the 
quarter was  INR62 crores, representing a growth of 46% year -on-year. There would be 
significant impetus on our EBITDA margins post completion of new acquisitions, which has 
been explained through the proforma presentation in the investor deck.  
Our profit after tax increased 41% year-on-year to INR37 crores with PAT margin expanding to 
2.3% from 2% in Q2 FY25. 
 A key operational priority for us has been continued optimization of working capital. I'm pleased 
to share progress on this front. Our net working capital days has improved from about 69 days a 
year ago and 66 days in Q1 to 63 days in Q2 FY26. This progress is a result of ongoing initiatives 
[[PAGE 5]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
around credit monitoring, enhanced collection discipline and a company -wide focus on data -
driven inventory planning. We are confident of closing FY26 with working capital days of 
around 60. This should aid us in delivering strong positive operating cash flow for the year in 
the range of INR100 crores plus. 
 We have delivered steady improvement in return ratios. Return on capital employed improved 
to 13.8% in Q2 from 11.5% in Q1 and return on equity increased to 11% from 9% in the last 
quarter. 
 Operationally, our reach and network have continued to expand. In the first half of the year, we 
cater to over 85,000 retail pharmacies and more than 2,800 hospitals across 490 districts in India, 
supported by 113 strategically located warehouses and 83,00 0-plus SKUs sourced from more 
than 2,800-plus health care manufacturers. 
 Our distribution network is continuously getting stronger with better geographic reach, wider 
product portfolio and deeper engagement with health care product manufacturers and customers. 
We are using our proprietary technology to create synergies, integra tion and efficiency in our 
network and improving customer experience through better fill rates and lower turnaround times. 
In summary, as we progress into second half of the year, we are confident of continuing the 
stronger momentum, making continued improvements in the financials led by both organic 
initiatives and impact from inorganic strategy. We have clear visibility on g rowth trajectory, 
margin expansion and cash flow generation. 
Our focus remains on increasing wallet share within existing customers, expanding higher -
margin product categories and leveraging our nationwide network to become the most 
comprehensive health care distribution platform in India.  The MedTech acquisitions gives us 
headroom for accelerated growth and margin expansion. We remain on track to achieve our 
FY26 guidance. 
 With this, I close my opening remarks and invite people to ask questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir.  The first question comes from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik 
Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: Congratulations to the team and the management on delivering continuous progress on the key 
metrics we follow. Sir, on the revenue growth front, you mentioned that you maintain the 
guidance of 30% growth. But so far, because of the revenue growth seems to be softer versus 
what the annual guidance for us is right now. So, do you think in the second half, you can catch 
up to meet the guidance for the full year? 
 Hi, Prabhat ji. Am I audible now? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
[[PAGE 6]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Chintan Sheth: So, my question was basically on the guidance part where you mentioned that we maintain our 
FY26 guidance which included 30% revenue growth for the year. So far, our first half growth is 
around 24%. The ask for the second half will be roughly around 35% , to deliver on the 30% 
growth. 
Given the fact that a lot of one or two large contracts getting into the net basis, do you think with 
the acquisition and all, we'll be able to achieve the revenue guidance at least? I think on the 
margin trajectory wise; I think we are on track. Only trying to check on the revenue front. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Chintan, on the first half of this year, on a like-to-like basis, we were 27.8% growth, and against 
a guidance of let's say, 30%. So, the gap of 2.5% is primarily coming from delay in closing new 
inorganic deals, which we are now trying to catch up in the second half of the year. We have 
already done the deals announcement and everything. So, we are fast tracking the closure process 
with these entities, and we will be very close to the full year guidance on like-to-like basis. 
Chintan Sheth: Got it. And just confirmation and clarification on the OCF part, you mentioned  INR100 crores 
OCF target for the full year. We are right now negative  INR57-60 odd crores negative in the 
first half. That implies that for the full year or in the second half, we need to generate almost  
INR150 crores, INR160-odd crores of operating cash, which you believe is doable, right? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes, doable. If you look at first half of this year, our negative cash -- generally, the second 
quarter is the highest in terms of organic growth. And most of the working capital requirement 
happens in the Q2 of the year. Even if you look at our last year, our H2 was positive by  INR50 
crores. Even though our first half was INR125 crores negative. 
 So, again, the INR125 crores negative of last year, we are only INR58 crores negative in the first 
half. So, there is already INR60-70 crores cash flow higher in the first half of the year. Secondly, 
the second half of the year is always positive. And thirdly, we have an additional benefit because 
of the GST change. Because now the revenues that we will be billing to the customers will be at 
5% GST against 12% GST earlier . So, there will be a 7% benefit in cash flow through lower 
pay. 
Chintan Sheth: Got it. I think that helps. I'll -- only one question I ask, I'll jump back in queue. On the acquisition, 
the larger one which we announced yesterday, it was happening at 0.95x sales FY25. Typically, 
I've seen we are doing materially lower at this 0.8x or less on EV to Sales basis. 
 But you mentioned that these are all margin accretive ones and the single -digit EV/EBITDA 
multiple stands true. So that is what the range , have we increased a little bit range on acquiring 
these assets? Or we are still in the ballpark of 5x to 7x or 5x to 8x EV/EBITDA? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes, we are in the ballpark only. On EV to EBITDA basis, we are on the ballpark with respect 
to our historical multiples that we have paid . On EV to Sales, of course, it will look higher 
because the margins are much higher in this business. The margin in this business is double digit. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. 
[[PAGE 7]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sajal Kapoor: Prabhat, what incentives do these MedTech sellers have to kind of sell so cheaply on 
EV/EBITDA? And why they are selling to us at a lower multiple compared to where our own 
business is? That is the kind of a question I have. 
Prabhat Agrawal: This is the same thing from beginning of the company . Even other pharmaceutical distributors 
are also on the same EV to EBITDA range . And the reasons are the same. They need a partner 
who can take them to a national level. They have kind of exploited most of the opportunities to 
grow on a standalone basis. There are issues on succession. So, these are the things which kind 
of incentivizes or motivates the seller to sell to us. Exactly the same reason that we had in.. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, it’s this scale thing, right? Pan-India scale. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. 
Sajal Kapoor: Okay. And just to follow on this MedTech, the sales rely on deep sort of clinical trust. So how 
is Entero ensuring newly acquired teams, ortho, cardio, IVD, etc, build the expertise and sort of 
doctor/physician relationships needed to strengthen customer loyalty? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. So, this is not the first MedTech acquisition that we have done. If you recall, last year also, 
we did an acquisition in Chennai called Peerless Biotech, which was primarily in the IVD space 
and other medical devices. In certain segments, the relationship with the doctors and everything 
matters a lot. But when we are acquiring, we are acquiring the whole company , along with the 
whole team with the relationships and all that.  That's the reason why we are paying a goodwill 
premium on that. So, the whole know-how, the knowledge, the relationship, the team, everyone 
comes along with this acquisition. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, yes. Thank you for that. And finally, one just bookkeeping question for Bala. What factors 
explain the rise in trade receivables and also the inventories in the last 6 months? I mean, with 
improved return ratios and the reduction in net working capital to 63 now, what specific 
strategies in inventory management or receivable collections are optimizing this working capital 
cycle because those are the two key variables for us to get to positive operating cash flow. 
Balakrishnan Kaushik: Yes. So, Sajal, here, we are running workstreams specific to inventory, specific to trade 
receivables. And there is a renewed focus on improving our cash collection cycle as well as the 
way we order the inventory. So, we have a team put in. We have a task force that is there that is 
monitoring all the entities on these numbers, what kind of purchases are happening?  Are we 
doing purchases in an optimized manner? Can we do purchases 4 times a month instead of 1 or 
2 times a month. So, all these factors are being looked at closely. And the task forces - there are 
three or four task force that we have created that is driving this operational efficiency, which is 
actually yielding these results. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Asset Management. 
Bhargav: Sir, my first question is, is it possible to share the revenue that we do from MedTech given that 
in the recent acquisitions that we are doing, a large part of revenue is coming in from MedTech. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
And we said in the PPT that we want to reach close to  INR1,000 crores. So, is it possible to 
share the current revenue we do from MedTech? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, including all these acquisitions, if you look at, I have talked about  INR1,000 crores on 
MedTech. And if you look at my graph, 61% of that INR1,000 crores is coming from MedTech. 
So INR600 crores is what is coming through acquisitions,  INR400 crores, we already have. So 
INR400 crores plus these new acquisitions of INR600 crores will take us above INR1,000 crores. 
Bhargav: And is it fair to say that incrementally, whatever acquisitions that we'll be planning, a large part 
of that will be in the MedTech space or any other space? 
Prabhat Agrawal: No. So, post this next quarter, we'll be busy in closing these acquisitions. The reason why we - 
I think one of the reasons why we have missed a little bit on the revenue growth guidance of this 
year because we have taken a little more time to evaluate deals . And pharma, we have a good 
presence now. We want to expand into other synergistic segments. 
 And MedTech is a very good synergistic segment. The growth rate is higher. The role of the 
distributor is more important in this. The margin profile is far better. So that's the reason we are 
looking for those segments which are margin accretive as well as high growth. 
 If you look at -- we also acquired a distributor in trade generic, which again enjoys a higher 
growth profile and a higher margin profile. So, our internal guidance is that we should chase 
those business segments which can deliver higher growth as well as a higher margin. 
Bhargav: Okay. And sir, when we were speaking to a few chemists, they were of the opinion that  from 
15th of August till maybe 15th of September, they had reduced procurement significantly 
because of the GST changes which have happened. But despite that, how did we manage to have 
such a high revenue growth? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, you look at, for example, out of 90 days in a quarter, only 15 days were impacted, or less 
than 15 days. I estimate that probably our revenue growth would have been 1% higher , if that 
GST change would not have happened. 
Bhargav: Okay. And did the GST transition also impact cash flow, meaning had the GST transition not 
happened, would we have been CFO positive in the first half itself? 
Prabhat Agrawal: No, not materially because the impact of GST change would come in the second half of the year 
because from 22nd September onwards, we started billing customers with lower GST rate . So, 
most of the receivables sitting on 30th September were with a higher GST rate only . But by 
December, by March, all these receivables will be replaced by new receivables, which will carry 
a 5% GST rate. So, the positive impact on cash flow from GST change would happen in H2 of 
this year. 
Bhargav: Okay. So effectively, because of the GST change, the receivable itself will fall by close to about 
13%. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Prabhat Agrawal: Will fall by 7%. Difference between 12% and... 
Bhargav: Sorry, 7%. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Yashowardhan Agarwal from IIFL Capital Services 
Limited. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Thanks for this opportunity. Just a couple of clarifications. Sir, if I look at the Slide number 6, 
it is mentioned that we are on track to meet  INR1,000 crores of revenue from acquisitions. So, 
but it is also mentioned in the same, that it depends upon the deals that we are going to close till 
FY26. But sir, in the earlier guidance,  INR1,000 crores of revenue should have come from the 
acquisitions that we did in last year, the INR290 crores that we have spent. So, could you please 
clarify on that? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. So, the deals that we closed last year will anyway come this year . I mean the full year 
impact would anyway come this year. For this INR1,000 crores, we are talking about the deals 
that we are closing this year. The full INR1,000 crores of these new deals will not appear in our 
revenues for this year. The full year revenues will appear next year. So, for this year, the revenue 
growth is driven by three things. One is organic growth. The second is the full year impact of 
last year’s deal close and the partial impact of deals closed during the year. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Okay. Got it, sir. So, this INR1,000 crores is incremental from the acquisitions that we are going 
to do in this year ? Is that assumption right?  This INR1,000 crores that you have mentioned in 
the PPT is going to be driven by the deals that we are going to do in FY26? 
Prabhat Agrawal:  Yes. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: And exclusive of the deals that we had done in last year? Okay. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes, last year we have done close to INR1,000 crores. Yes. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Got it, sir. Pretty much clear. In first half, we had spent around INR80 crores in acquisitions. So, 
what amount would be spending in the second half to achieve this INR1,000 crores? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Upwards of INR400 crores. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Upwards of INR400 crores. Ok. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Okay. And sir, how do we intend to finance it? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. So, we will -- as we said, we have an operating cash flow generation in H2 of this year. 
That will come into play. The second is we have an existing cash of close to  INR280 crores on 
our balance sheet. We'll be using that. And if need be, we will take some additional debt. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Okay. So additional debt will be required for that? 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. It depends on how much cash flow generation happens in H2 of this year plus the cash that 
we have available on this balance sheet. If there's some shortfall, we'll raise through debt. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Got it, sir. And sir, in the initial remarks, you said that we are confident of achieving the guidance 
that we have given of 30% growth. And so that means 35% growth in the second half. So, sir, 
are we confident of achieving that? 
Prabhat Agrawal: No. So, you should look at the numbers differently. What we are saying on a like -to-like basis. 
So, like-to-like basis, our growth for H1 was 27%, okay, 27.8%. We changed the revenue 
recognition method at beginning of this year that impacted our growth by 2% -3%. So, adding 
back that growth rate on a like-to-like basis is 27.8% for this year. So, if you do the math, on the 
second half of the year, the revenue growth has to be 31% to achieve a 30% overall growth for 
the year . So, depending on  how close we are able to bring in the revenues of these new 
acquisitions in the books, we should be close to our guidance. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Got it, sir. And sir, my last question is on the MedTech revenue. So, the acquisitions that we are 
currently doing in this year, in many of them, we are not acquiring 100% of the stake. So out of 
the INR1,000 crores that we are expecting, what share of the revenue would belong to us and 
the profit on the same? 
Prabhat Agrawal: See revenue, so 100%, we'll consolidate 100% books of these acquired entities. So, line-by-line 
consolidation would happen. But our blended ownership on these deals is around 63%. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Okay, sir. So, 63%... 
Prabhat Agrawal: And we also have a call option to acquire the rest. So, we can exercise the call option in future 
years to acquire the rest of the -- over a period of 2 to 5 years. 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: Okay. We have a call option. And sir, that would be at the similar levels of valuation that we 
have acquired currently, right? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. 
Avnish Burman: Prabhat, can you give us some color on the gross or EBITDA margins of Anand Chemiceutics , 
because I couldn't find any data on the -- from the MCA records. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. So, the company is -- it's a combination of 2-3 companies, some is proprietorship, some is 
partnership and one is private limited. So, you may not find data on all that. We'll integrate into 
one entity before we take over . But gross margins are mid-double digits and EBITDA margins 
in upwards of 10%. 
Avnish Burman: Okay. And for Bioaide also, when I was looking at the data, at least -- I mean, the data is available 
till FY24, where the gross and EBITDA margins were showing at 11% and 1.5%, which is quite 
uncharacteristic for a medical device distributor. Am I missing something here? Or this is... 
[[PAGE 11]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Prabhat Agrawal: Thing is when we diligence the EBITDA, we diligence what will come to us . Sometimes they 
draw much higher salaries in the company to reduce the profitability. So, we add back all those 
things, because we agree a new remuneration and everything payouts with them when we take 
over. So, again, a double-digit margin acquisition. 
Avnish Burman: Okay. So, when you talk about valuation, that is on the adjusted EBITDA, the EBITDA that you 
would realize after the takeover takes place? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. We make all the adjustments, the new rentals for the premises, the new remuneration that 
we will pay for, any other compliance costs we will have to incur because the other guys are not 
doing in the same way that we want to do. So, all these adjustments, we do and calculate the 
adjusted EBITDA going forward. Based on that, we pay the multiple. 
Avnish Burman: Understood. And one thing on the GST, you said that the receivables will come down. But when 
you talk about your net working capital and receivable days, you anyways adjust for the GST. 
So, in terms of receivable days, that number will stay irrespective of whether the GST is at 12% 
or 7%. Am I right? 
Prabhat Agrawal: The days will not change because of this. Only the absolute value or the cash flow will change. 
Avnish Burman: Understood. Last question from my side. The  INR1,000 crores of inorganic revenues that you 
have mentioned on the slide, in your opening remarks, you said that this  INR1,000 crores is 
coming from 14 deals, whereas in the slide, it says the number of deals to be 7. Is that 14 or 7? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Sorry. It's my error. 7 not 14. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sudarshan from ASK NDPMS. 
Sudarshan: Congrats on good set of numbers. So, my question is. I understand this month of September, we 
saw some impact on GST, the rates coming down. So, you mentioned, if I'm correct, the growth 
would have been higher if the GST wouldn't have happened. Would it be possible that -- see, 
because we're already seeing that October month is better primarily because of that and the IPM, 
that part of the sales, which otherwise wasn't filled would primarily get filled probably in the 
ensuing months? That is one. 
The second question that I would like to understand is , we are now seeing the GLP -1 category 
gaining fair amount of momentum. And given that you have a fair wide portfolio in that sense, 
how do we see us capitalizing on the GLP-1 opportunities? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Okay. Let's take question number one, which is the impact of GST on the growth. I said , we 
estimate that probably 1% of growth was lost because of GST change for last 15 days of 
September month.  
Secondly, you asked about GLP -1. So GLP -1, we are engaging with all the GLP -1 drug 
manufacturers. We are working closely with Eli Lilly. We are working with Wegovy. So , we 
have a decent representation in GLP-1 category because there are only two drugs available right 
[[PAGE 12]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
now. Next year when semaglutide goes off patent, then we will have a lot many more 
manufacturers coming into play.  And like any portfolio, we will have GLP drugs in our portfolio 
also. I believe our share in the GLP drugs is a little higher than our overall market share because 
there are only two drug companies, and we have a nationwide reach and these drugs are high 
value, not available so easily. So, our market share probably is higher in these drugs compared 
to other drugs. 
Sudarshan: Sure. And do we see this opportunity that is getting created to be somewhat like an additional 
source of revenue growth for us? 
Prabhat Agrawal: I don't have an estimate of how much -- it depends on how much this growth will impact the 
overall IPM, because our growth is more linked towards overall IPM growth. If this drug impacts 
the overall IPM growth significantly, yes. 
 But on GLP -1, it's more direct -to-patient this thing. So, we are selling online also this drug, 
offline also to retailers and through our retailers to the patients as well. So yes, I mean, I'm pretty 
excited about this -- the growth opportunity that GLP -1 brings, not only to us, but to entire 
industry. 
Sudarshan: Sir, on the strategy side, I mean, we have been making a fair amount of acquisition on the 
MedTech and you talked about this INR1,000 crores with the acquisitions. I'm looking at more 
strategically and from a longer-term basis. If I'm saying that the next 2 to 3 years, now that we 
will start generating operating cash flow, which means that we have more money to basically 
acquire freely in that sense. 
So, in terms of proportion of sales and basically creating a new avenue of visible growth and 
business for us, how do you see the MedTech beyond the INR1,000 crores evolving? And second 
sub-segment of this is, this year, we are definitely on course to achieve 4% if everything goes 
well in the same direction. If I'm looking at the next 2 to 3 years, given that MedTech has a much 
better margin profile, where do we see this kind of margins, say, in the next 2 years also? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So now with these acquisitions post consolidation, the representation of MedTech in our 
business will be 14% -15%. And in terms of margin, I've already given you an estimate in our 
investor deck. We expect that at least 50 to 75 basis points on overall consol financials, this will 
have. So, if we were at Q2 at 4%, then post closing of these deals, we should be between 4.5% 
to 4.75%. That's my estimate as of now  based on what financials they had before we acquired 
them. So, of course, there will be growth element on top of it and things like that. So, the margins 
this year, as we have guided that we should be closing 4% plus. So , assuming that all these 
acquisitions and MedTech will have a full year impact in the next year. So, our margins would 
be much higher than what we have today. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Manan Vandur from Wallfort PMS. 
Manan Vandur: Congratulations on the numbers. Sir, my one question was that what -- at what percentage are 
our previous acquisitions growing at? 
[[PAGE 13]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Prabhat Agrawal: That is organic growth. 13.8%. 
Manan Vandur: Yes, like what we would have acquired previous year or previous to previous year, those, how 
much they are growing at? How much they grew at in this quarter? 
Prabhat Agrawal: This means like-to-like. So, which were there in last year also and this year also. That's how we 
calculate the organic growth. 
Manan Vandur: Correct. Correct. So how much that would be, sir? 
Prabhat Agrawal: It was 13.4% for the quarter and 13.8% for the first half. 
Manan Vandur: Okay. Okay. Got it. And sir, about this one -- I heard from one participant talk about a company 
which had EBITDA margins of something 10% or more. Could you please explain us something 
more on that company? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, most of the MedTech distributors are enjoying 10% plus EBITDA margins . So that's very 
synergistic to our existing business. So that's the reason we are building our portfolio in 
MedTech much more going forward. 
Manan Vandur: Okay. So, our current margins of 4% are because of some other business that we have is less 
margin business. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Yes. There is a stark difference between the margin profile of a MedTech distributor versus a 
pharma distributor. 
Manan Vandur: Correct, correct. Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Prabhat Agrawal: But pharma kind of brings a lot of volumes. So, it's important to be present in both. 
Manan Vandur: Okay. So how are we looking forward to -- in this sense, like going forward, how much are we 
planning of getting from this MedTech side so that our margin keeps on improving in the future? 
How are we looking at that, sir? 
Prabhat Agrawal: That's the reason why we allocated 60% of our M&A to MedTech this year . Last year, we had 
allocated almost 25%. So continuously, we are increasing the weightage of MedTech in our 
overall business portfolio to drive up our margins. And the segment itself is growing higher. 
 There's a lot more things that you can do with MedTech because MedTech is again a very, very 
fragmented industry from the supplier point of view also . So, we are engaging with a lot of 
companies that want to come to India, open up their business in India, and we give them a 
platform to do that with us. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Akshat Mehta from Seven Rivers Holding. 
Akshat Mehta: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, one question I had a clarification on is that this 
20% growth that we've got in the current year, the reason -- main reason for it not being closer 
[[PAGE 14]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
to 27%, 28% is only the delay in acquisitions, right? Or is there some other impact that we are 
missing also? 
Prabhat Agrawal: No, primarily delay in closing deals because when we had given 30% revenue growth guidance 
for this year, there were three components of it. One was organic growth. The second was 
calendarization impact for last year acquisitions in this year and the third was new deals. So first 
two are in line. The third one, there is a delay, delay in the sense that we should have closed 
more deals in H1 than in H2, because that has a full year impact on, I mean, impact on the overall 
full year revenue growth. So, if you look at the presentation that I've done, almost 80% of deals 
are getting closed in H2 and only 20% of deals got closed in H1. So that imbalance of 20% and 
80% is creating that lower than guided revenue growth in the first half of the year. 
Akshat Mehta: Okay. Sir, my second question is on -- I just want to understand why has there been a large 
increase in other expenses and interest costs during the quarter? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik: So, increase in interest cost is mainly driven by the fact that we are utilizing money on 
acquisitions as well as on payment of milestone-related payables from last year acquisitions. So 
as and when we use the IPO money, obviously, my net interest cost will go up. That's the reason, 
because we had about a much larger cash balance at end of last year versus the cash balance we 
are currently having, which is about INR283 crores. 
Akshat Mehta: And other expenses, sir. We have seen INR40 crores of other expenses this quarter, right? What 
is the reason for that? 
Balakrishnan Kaushik: So, there are a couple of things there. So, there was a reclassification that was done between the 
revenue and the expenses on certain commission expenses , because of the nature of those 
commission expenses. Plus we also have some amount of ECL provisions that we've taken 
during H1. So based on the model that we do for expected credit losses, we've also taken about 
around INR3 crores of ECL in H1. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Divy Agrawal from Ficom Family Office. 
Divy Agrawal: Sir, firstly, I recently visited the warehouse of Galaxystar, and I was surprised to find that the 
automation use there was minimal. So, to operate Entero, a) at such a large scale, and b) across 
locations with so many present and future acquisitions planned, one might assume things that 
the systems would be far more automated. So , what are the gaps in automation? And how are 
you working to address this with speed and accuracy? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, you know, to operate in 113 warehouses in the country and having 100,000 customers and 
80,000-plus stock keeping units, you can't function without having very good systems. So, from 
when we started Entero itself, at that time only we started building our own enterprise resource 
planning system. So, our ERP is our own self -developed. That's the reason why we are able to 
integrate our systems with WhatsApp, with messaging, with Amazon, with various other 
customers. Because the source code belongs to us.  We can do customization, we can integrate 
with anyone.  
[[PAGE 15]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So, we have invested quite a bit of money and time and resources from starting -- from beginning 
of the company in developing our own in-house systems, ERP systems. We have also developed 
our own customer interface system, which is Entero Direct app on which the customer places 
order. That app is integrated with our own ERP. So , it helps the customers to kind of see our 
inventory, place orders. Once they place the orders, the orders are immediately invoiced. So, the 
turnaround time is much lower. The fill rate is much higher to the customer. That the technology 
intervention that we have done since beginning of our journey has helped a lot in this , the way 
we have expanded our network across so many parts of the country. 
We have a clear visibility of what inventory is l ying. We have invested a lot in master data 
management, where we have standardized - because in India, just so many SKUs are there, 
similar founding names in medicine.  So, unless you have your own master data management, 
mapped to individual. See, whenever we are buying a local distributor, first thing we are doing 
is mapping his product codes to our centralized product codes. So, we can have a clear visibility 
of the same product lying in so many warehouses - where we can exchange between each other, 
move inventory from one where the demand is more than the supply to -- from where we have 
lower demand than supply. So, all these things, efficiencies, integration, synergies are happening 
only through the tech investments and team that we have built over many years. 
Divy Agrawal: Right. So just to emphasize on this, so what are the particular gaps that are you currently facing? 
If there are any, can you highlight that? 
Prabhat Agrawal: There's no major gap, but tech is one phase which is continuously evolving. You keep building 
new features. You keep improvising. Like, for example, now we are building an app called 
HealthEdge app. In HealthEdge app, there is a lot more engagement that we  can have with the 
customers. Loyalty programs can be run through integration with Paytm, through cashback 
offers and things like that. 
 So continuously, new features are getting developed, which will enhance the customer 
experience, our engagement with the customers. So, it's a continuously evolving process. The 
technology is something that you can't develop once and sit tight. You have to be on your toes 
all the time to be ahead of the market. 
Divy Agrawal: Right. Got the point. And secondly, sir, on the Suprabhat disinvestment, so what was the reason 
for that? The company was, I guess, still profitable and you were... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr. Divy, but may you please fall back in the queue for your more 
questions? 
Divy Agrawal: Sure. Okay. 
Prabhat Agrawal: I will just answer this question. So Suprabhat is an investment that , you know, we bought this 
company, but there is a little bit of misalignment that which happened with the seller. And that 
territory, we can service from various other geographies. So, we said it's better to -- we take the 
entire money back along with the interest in all that and we reversed the transaction. 
[[PAGE 16]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisors. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, first question is the IPM growth for the October 
month is somewhere over 11%. So , is it safe to assume that Entero might have clubbed over 
30% of the... 
Prabhat Agrawal: Shiv, can you repeat your question, please? 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Yes. Hi. So, sir, my question was that in October month, the IPM growth was around 11.7%. 
So, is it safe to assume that Entero might have clocked more than 30% growth in this month , 
given some sort of pent-up demand as well? 
Prabhat Agrawal: No, I don't think the growth is that high. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Okay. Okay. Understood. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Not in October, but I can tell you that delta growth is not that high for the industry. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Understood, sir. Okay. And sir, on this cash flow, so already you have mentioned that cash flow 
from operations would turn positive for us by the end of this year. But is it possible that we can 
see the same in the first 9 months? I mean, we have already completed 2 months. But by the end 
of 9 months, would we see cash flows positive? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, what we have guided is that full year basis, we should be  INR100 crores plus in operating 
cash flow positive balance. How much will happen in quarter 3 and quarter 4, it is difficult for 
me to give estimate because there are a lot of ongoing initiatives going on in terms of working 
capital optimization and things like that. 
So, but I can tell you the full year  it will be positive. And if we have to be on a full year basis 
that much of positive. And given the fact that we were negative in the first half of the year, that 
means third and fourth quarter has to be significantly positive. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Understood, sir. And sir, my last question would be if you can help me with some data points. 
So, we are already handling more than 80,000 -85,000 plus SKUs. So, what would be the total 
estimated SKUs in the pharma industry? And if you can provide revenue split by Tier 1, Tier 2 
and beyond, if that is possible for you to share? 
Prabhat Agrawal: So, in pharma industry, probably SKU could be more than 150,000. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Understood. Okay. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Nobody has an exact line. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: And sir, what about revenue split by Tier-wise? 
Prabhat Agrawal: Tier 1, I mean, we have not given that split. Maybe our team will work it out and give it to you. 
[[PAGE 17]]
  Entero Healthcare Solutions Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Prabhat Agrawal: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining this call. We are firmly on-track, the momentum is much 
higher. We have done and selected some quite attractive MedTech opportunities. We will 
continue to work on that. And the second half momentum is going to be better than the first half. 
Thank you so much for joining the call. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On the behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that the transcript has been edited for the purpose of readability and accuracy. 