[[PAGE 1]]
                                                            
 
                                                                                      MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
040-6724 6724 
Regd. off. H. No: 11-6-56, Survey No: 257 & 258/1, Opp: IDPL Railway Siding Road, Moosapet, Kukatpally, Hyd erabad – 500037, Telangana, India  
CIN No: L85110TG2006PLC051845 I Website: www.medplusindia.com  I   Email:medplus@medplusindia.com 
 
 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 543427 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: MEDPLUS 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub: 
Submission of Transcript of Earnings Call: 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 47 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Discl osure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held with analyst/ institutional 
investors on July 22, 2026 for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the Company at 
www.medplusindia.com and also on the 
websites of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. viz. www.bseindia.com and 
www.nseindia.com respectively. 
 
Thanking You  
Yours faithfully 
 
For MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
  
 
Shrenik Soni  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. F12400) 
  
 
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“MedPlus Health Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
Management:          Mr. Madhukar Gangadi- Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Sujit Kumar Mahato - Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. D R N Srinivas - Sr. Manager Finance 
 
  
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the MedPlus Health Services Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be  in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivas. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Srinivas: Thank you, Manav. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of MedPlus, it's my utmost pleasure to 
welcome you all to the MedPlus Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call to d iscuss the financial 
results of MedPlus for the first quarter of FY27, which was announced earlier. 
 We have with us today the senior management represented by Mr. Mad hukar Reddy Gangadi 
Gangadi, CEO and MD; and Mr. Sujit Mahato, CFO. Before we begin, I would like to mention 
that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward- looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. 
 Please note the disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties on Sli de 1 of the Investor 
Presentation shared with all of you earlier. Documents relating to our fin ancial performance 
were circulated earlier, and these have also been posted on our corporate website. 
 I would now hand over the call to Sujit. Thank you, and ov er to you, Sujit. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you, Srinivas, and good evening, everyone, on this call. An update on our store network, 
openings and closures. We have opened 222 stores at a gross level, a nd there were 52 store 
closures, including 9 relocation cases and 27 franchisee outlet closures. 
 Additionally, 24 stores are in the process of conversion from compa ny-owned company-
operated stores to the franchise model. We achieved a net addition of 146 stores during the 
current quarter compared to the 218 stores added during the last quarter. We continue with the 
outlook for adding 800 net new stores, including the franchisee stores in FY27. 
 In terms of our network age around 27% of our stores have been ope rational for less than 2 years 
and the remaining 73% of our stores have been operational for 2 years or more. In terms of our 
network and the store size, at the end of the quarter, our network gre w to 5,476 stores with 2.9 
million plus square feet compared to 4,813 stores and 2.5 million  plus square feet at the end of 
June '25. 
 The average store size is in the range of 539 square feet. Update on the  revenue mix. Presently, 
MedPlus offers a large range of SKUs spanning across pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical 
categories. Private label sales for Q1 FY27 constitutes 20%, pharma being  10.7% and the non-
pharma being 9.3% of our total revenue. Update on the financial  numbers. Our consolidated 
revenue for the quarter is INR18,796 million. Our consolidated ope rating EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at INR651 million, representing 3.5%. 
 Revenue from pharmacy operations grew by 21.8% Y-o-Y on a  reported basis. The pharmacy 
operating EBITDA stood at INR588 million, representing 3.2%. An upda te on our store 
[[PAGE 4]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 3 of 18 
 
performance, stores older than 12 months. Revenue from these stores in  quarter 1 was 
INR16,436 million, representing 94% of pharmacy revenue. 
 These stores had a store level EBITDA margin of 10.4% A word here on t he store level EBITDA 
margin by age, while stores greater than 12 months had a margin of 10.4%. This was 10.6% for 
stores greater than 24% and 6.9% for stores in the 13 to 24 months age bracket. 
 On allocating all non-store-related costs, the operating EBITDA of stores grea ter than 12 months 
would be INR707 million, which translates to a margin of 4.3%. An up date on the working 
capital. Our net working capital for Q1 was 54 days. Inventory in our warehouse represented 33 
days. In quarter 1, the inventory level of our first-year stores was 100 days. In comparison for 
our stores older than 12 months, the inventory was at 36 days. 
 An update on our diagnostic numbers. Diagnostics revenue for the current qu arter grew to 
INR370.8 million compared to INR302.9 million in quarter 1 FY26. Diagnostics segment 
recorded an operating EBITDA of INR65.9 million compared to INR41.3  million in quarter 1 
FY26. 
 In April, we sold 552 plans per day. In May and June, this was 55 7 and 644 plants respectively. 
As at end of June, we had around 2 lakh active clients. Addition ally, we would like to inform 
that the capex proposals as approved by the Board has been put o n hold by the company. We 
would evaluate and later inform, update the market on the utilization of the fund on the balance 
sheet. 
 That concludes our update for the quarter. I request the host to open the  line for questions. 
Moderator: We have our first question from line of Sudarshan Agarwal from Axis Capital. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: I think you will have a lot of questions on this. But as you said, you have put the capex plans on 
hold. But just want to understand the rationale behind kind of putting that strategy forth and 
getting it approved. So you have INR 40 crores of capex for a food park and oil extraction unit 
and another one for the wellness services facility. 
 So just want to understand what are we thinking in terms of strategicall y going ahead with these 
plans that we have approved? Yes, we have put it on hold, but we h ave more insights into how 
the company is thinking on investing in these aspects going ah ead? That would be my first 
question. 
Madhukar Gangadi: Sudarshan, I'm happy to take you through the whole strategy if Sujit has already not announced 
that we are now putting it on hold. I don't think there's any point in discussing it, honestly. There 
was a thought and I thought that backward integration would really help, especially in areas 
where the products are new, supplies are not easy to find. And sometimes it is just easier to own 
the supply chain and all. 
 So but we have on further deliberation, decided that we'll pro bably put it on hold definitely put 
it on hold for now and come out with a plan on how we'll actually utilize the funds. So... 
[[PAGE 5]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Sudarshan Agarwal: This would be related to the food park. I guess you will be putting on hold the other one as well? 
Or is that investment continue? 
Madhukar Gangadi: All capex spend for now, if we were to basically come back and ye s, all capex, meaning the 2 
main things, the food park and this one, those are the concierge plans. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: So on the food park, I understood your thought process. On the wellness, I mean, this is 
something that we would we were thinking of trying as a new kind of foray, right, like we did 
with diagnostics, what I would kind of... 
Madhukar Gangadi: Okay. I'll tell you what my thoughts were on that. But again, I have to reemphasize the fact that 
we are not putting it on hold. So, it probably does not is not re levant. But anyway, the thought 
was that all companies today are looking at diverse revenue streams in adjacent areas. 
 You can't just basically do just a pharmacy and. I know there's a lot o f opportunity. But even as 
a vertical grows, you also sometimes have to bring in some horizon tal areas also. We thought 
that, that was a good area to go in. Prevention was a great area to go in. Concierge medicine, 
wellness, prevention, longevity and all kind of go hand in hand, and we thought that is the logical 
next place for us to go given that we're already doing diagnostics. 
 But diagnostics has one piece left, which is when people come to a diagnostic c enter and they 
get themselves tested, since we are not offering a complete, let's say, we're not closing the loop 
on it. We're not telling them what he has to do. And a lot of times he  ends up going to a doctor 
and doctors for reasons best known to them, will disregard any kind of lab, which brings a result 
which is not in their anyway just not marketed to them. Let me put it that way. 
 Right. So, we wanted to own that entire thing and basically do a c omplete out-of-hospital health 
care kind of stuff out of hospital. But anyway, that we have now put on hold. We're not going to 
do it. We will think about it. It's unlikely now we'll basically think about it in MedPlus, I would 
say. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Okay. Okay. Got it. Coming to your performance in the quarter. Yes, strong top line growth. But 
in terms of margins, we have seen yet again the private label share contracti ng in Q1. We had 
this issue last year. So can you just give some sense on what led to this  drop? And how should 
we think of this private label share moving in quarters ahead? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So for us, private label when we started off, we pushed very hard, and  we made sure that 
everyone was aware of it and the employees are also heavily incen tivized to sell it and all. So I 
think the early adopters very quickly shifted. And after that, maybe our e mployees would have 
gone a little overboard in trying to push it to every single customer out there. 
 And in the process, we may have basically, I wouldn't say an noyed, but at least put up some 
customers out there. So we try to put it back. And so now the stores are basically focused on see, 
while as a percentage, it has grown and degrown slightly, year-on-year, the growth is still there. 
Every single molecule which we have been selling, we're selling more o f it. We continue to 
grow. As a percentage, it has degrown slightly because our overall sales has grown. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 And we are now focused on making sure that the customer is completely served, whether it is 
for brand or whether he is looking for, let's say, slightly more affordable ki nd of medicine. So 
we offer it. If he takes it, great. If not, that's okay. But then wha t that has allowed us to do is 
allowed us to actually grow the customer base in the branded side. And that's why you're seeing 
a small, let's say, dip in the overall percentage. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Got it. And how should the share move? 
Madhukar Gangadi: Yes. Going forward, it's going to be a function of two things. One,  a little bit of our own 
advertisement outside the store, which is through influencers to other vario us other sources to 
bring people in, who are otherwise not coming into the store for seeking out the MedPlus 
equivalents of all the branded drugs. So that is how we plan to actually grow that whole share. 
 And we'll also obviously try and get our employees to be sligh tly better salespeople, get the 
whole message out. So a combination of both making our empl oyee slightly more skilled at 
selling private label and two, bringing in people who are otherwise not shopping with MedPlus 
at all to come into the store for the drugs. So that's the plan for us. 
 We think we will, with this quarter, be arresting the slight, I would say, degr owth which we have 
had and from there on, start building up again at the rate of around 0.5% or 0.3%, 0.4% kind of 
stuff. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Okay. Okay. Got it. And a part of your gross margin was also affected by franchisees, right, 50 
basis points. So can you just broadly give me a sense, private label,  of course, will gradually 
come up, but this franchisee dilution will be part of our numbers going ahead on the gross margin 
side, right, at least for the near term as long as they don't scale up? 
Madhukar Gangadi: Yes. So let me explain a little bit. Franchisee is still in an experimental kind of stage. We believe 
that India is a market where you have 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 sto res. And we believe that long 
term, that's the only way for us to get to that number. 
 So for us, we are working on that right now. One of the main thin gs so for us, the way we see 
franchisees, that's a logical way for us to grow. Whatever margin we are getting is additional 
margin, yes, it will definitely be slightly lower than our regular store, but the thing is the return 
on investment on that is going to be higher. And once we track the model, we'll be able to grow 
way faster. That's how we see it. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura Securities. 
Saion Mukherjee: Sir, on this capex plan, you would have had some reasons to sort of plan for this, would have 
thought about it over many months on this. You got a Board appro val. What has happened in 
the last, let's say, less than a few hours that you've decided to put it on hold? 
Madhukar Gangadi: Difficult to say, Saion. Maybe it is the wisdom of the masses, I guess. But see, for us, we 
definitely are, let us say, going to be let's say, sensitive to the stock market for sure. We're not 
going to while I believe it's a good thing to do, create ad jacency is the way the whole world is 
growing out there. 
[[PAGE 7]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 And that is what the Board also felt. But the fact that the market reacted so strongly and the fact 
that a bunch of our investors have also said the same thing and all, we feel that maybe we are 
not 100% right. So happy to put it I would say happy to pu t it on hold, but yes, we have taken 
the feedback, and we want to put it on hold. 
Saion Mukherjee: Right. So sir, does that mean that we should not expect any sort of big capex plan in years ahead? 
I mean how do you plan to then sort of do this because public shareholders could react the way 
they would. So how would you have that process in place to ensure  that any capex decision, 
etcetera, in the future sort of doesn't have this kind of a fit? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So I guess, public markets have not really said no to any kind of capex on our warehousing on 
the stores or anything like that. So I guess as far as long as we are focused on core business, I 
really don't see anyone cutting out with anything. And even if they did, then we wouldn't really 
give a call. 
 So core business will continue irrespective of what the market thinks or says, whether it's private 
label or regular stores and all that. So that will happen. Can we basically take a pause at this time 
on capex spending? Absolutely. But is that something which we will do continually? No, as long 
as it is and definitely not if it is about the core business. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. Sir, coming to the core business, you have shared your annual operating plan. So based 
on your quarter 1 performance, how does this plan change? You had a INR400-odd crores of 
operating EBITDA on a consol basis. So what is your estimate now? Does that rem ain same or 
it undergoes a change based on quarter 1 number? 
Sujit Mahato: This is Sujit here. So 2 things. One, maybe you're referring to the Board that which was by 
mistake uploaded, but the data remains as it is what you have rightl y pointed out. And for the 
time being, numbers do not change because as Madhukar explained, we are working on getting 
back the private label back on track. We are working on certain c osts, which we had not 
anticipated, which has got hit during the current quarter. 
 For example, effective 7 July, the company has already, I would say, tweaked the discount 
structure for all sales greater than 1,000 where the company gives 20% d iscount. We have 
already reduced to 19% for a large number of customers. We see that traction. And therefore, if 
there is any such other adjustments required so that we keep the annual operating plan as a basis 
and a guide, I would not say we are bound by that. We can either exceed that as well. 
 So on top line, you would have seen we have achieved 99.9 %. On the operating EBITDA, there 
is a gap to be covered. That's been the nature of Q1 as well. But  we are pretty confident that 
coming quarters, we will be able to make that upside. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. And sir, one last question on your private label traction. So the growth has been weak on 
a year-on-year basis. though there is some growth. So in terms of the number of people who are 
subscribed to this private label subscription, what is that number as an abso lute number of 
people, like how has that changed on a quarter-on-quarter on a year-on-year basis? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sujit Mahato: Actively, there are close to 44 lakh, 45 lakh people who are on this plan. And every month, there 
is an annual pattern. Last quarter, if I remember the number right, we adde d 10 lakh plans, 
including renewals. The good part is, earlier we were realizing INR99. We hav e now increased 
that to INR149. So on membership alone, we should see a INR10 crores to INR11 crores impact 
on the top line for the whole year, which will flow through to the bottom line. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. So today, how many you have 44 lakh, 45 lakh people on the plan as of June? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. Yes. 
Saion Mukherjee: And how much was this number in the, say, the June of 2025 compared to… 
Sujit Mahato: I don't remember it exactly, but it was in the range of INR39 lakhs to INR40 lakhs. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. So around 40 lakhs has gone to 44 lakhs kind of a number. 
Madhukar Gangadi: And not only that, we also actually increased the amount 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. INR99 to INR149. 
Madhukar Gangadi: Despite that it is gone up 
Sujit Mahato: It has been lot of renewals going forward at INR149. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. So this was implemented recently INR149? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, a month ago. 
Saion Mukherjee: Month ago. Okay. And sir, one last question. I've seen your employee expenses also have gone 
up. So is there any impact because you had earlier mentioned about a lot of attrition and all of 
that. So as the pharmacy level employee compensations, those have  gone up significantly? 
Anything on that side, if you want to highlight? 
Sujit Mahato: So on a year-on-year basis, the major impact is coming from people which we had added in the 
various warehouses. So we are getting the full quarter impact now. Additionally, we articulated 
on the labor force changes, especially in Karnataka and Telangana, where the increase has been 
more than, I would say, significantly more than the average of generally 4%, it was to be. 
 We have seen 60% increase in Karnataka and 25% plus in Telangan a. We have factored that. 
However, these were effective 1st June, which means going forward, in the Q1 quarter, we have 
the impact of only 1 month. Going forward, we will have the impact of the full quarter. We are 
taking steps to mitigate that in terms of, one, the retention bonus pla n, which we had has been 
stopped effective 1st of March, which means there are no new additions because by design, the 
wages have gone up. 
 Two, we are also looking at the non-statutory payments, for exa mple, the private label incentives 
and other incentives, how we can optimize and structure that in a ma nner to get a relief. And 
[[PAGE 9]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 8 of 18 
 
three, as we just articulated on the private label mix, that should also  help us in addressing this 
cost trend. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. 
Divyansh Gupta: First question on the private non-pharma products, the absolute revenue  dipped from March to 
June. So just wanted to understand why would that happen? Is there a supply issue or a demand 
issue? Or is it just purely seasonality? 
Sujit Mahato: So yes, absolutely, you pointed out right. From quarter 4 to quar ter 1, which is a sequential 
quarter, we had an impact on the margin of around 100 basis points because of the private label 
mix, both on pharma and non-pharma. And non-pharma, we ha d a steeper fall from the last 
quarter. 
 For certain categories of our non-pharma products, especially the diaper ra nge, there were 
disruptions in terms of supply. It's now coming back on track. By the end of this current quarter, 
we should see the full impact coming back. So we are very confid ent on the non-pharma 
contribution to sales, and we expect that to further grow in the coming quarters. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. Understood. The second question was on the franchisees. Yo u mentioned that 24 
stores are moving from COCO to franchisee. So is it our the staff there, which is taking it up or 
someone else is? I'm just trying to understand... 
Sujit Mahato: Predominantly, it is the offering to the senior staff members who have been with the company 
for 3 years plus. So that's a retention strategy. And so that they also b ecome individual 
entrepreneurs. They have learned with the company, they have been with the company. And as 
a model, we said that's the only way we can facilitate them to become individual entrepreneurs. 
And I think more than 95% of these stores will be taken up by the existing employees. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And the other question was the franchise stores, which were closed during the quarter. 
The average age was only 0.7 years. 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Which is like 8 months. The previous quarter, you had mentioned it was th e closure was of the 
older franchisee networks, which, therefore, had a higher age. Why would this be? Is it I now 
understand that franchisee is experimental, but any signals from the mark et that the franchisee 
model is not necessarily working out for them, and we will tweak to make it much better? 
Sujit Mahato: You're absolutely right. That's the same observation we are having that  look, as we speak, we 
have 600-plus franchisees. However, there is in some cases, what we are observing also is there 
is an expectation mismatch both from the franchisees who are first-time entrepreneurs, they get 
into this. 
 Their expectation is X, they'll end up getting Y. And very quickly, they are taking decisions, 
which we have to honor them. So that's what we are reporting that this is again, this will have to 
[[PAGE 10]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 9 of 18 
 
take some time to stabilize from both. One is from our end in tweaking the model. As we speak, 
we continue to look at this model to make it a win-win model. 
 We have made certain adjustments, for example, in helping the franchisee s reach to a breakeven 
in a much faster pace, helping them with supporting them with fees in the first year. And 
therefore, we will have certain cases where it still does not double up to their expectations. And 
this is only an outcome of that. 
Divyansh Gupta: And what were these expectations, just the ramp-up of it or like we were expecting that we will 
do more private label? 
Sujit Mahato: It's a closure by the franchiser. And therefore, we are not directly involved. We do respect when 
they come back and say that, look, we did a mistake. It's not mee ting our expectations. The 
numbers do not tie up. So we would like to go back. 
 In 99% of the case, we do relook at that and maybe help them with the exit or we find another 
franchisee who is ready to take up that unit and give them an exit. So this will continue to happen, 
Divyansh. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And sir, 2 more questions. Average store size you mentioned is 539 or 529. 
Sujit Mahato: 539. 
Divyansh Gupta: Given that, let's say, last quarter, it was more 520-something range. Is it fair to assume that the 
new stores are much, much larger in size? 
Sujit Mahato: So there are as a strategy, we have been opening some large store formats because as a strategy, 
we would like to even test out that, which means that it is as good as 3 stores coming up as 1 
store. 
 And then you can put in more people, more focus, much bette r fill rate and a larger assortment 
of both the brand as well as the private label offering to the customers. So that's one reason why 
you see an uptick in the average SFT per store. 
Divyansh Gupta: But then that limits us penetration into like we'll be the neighborhood pharmacy. 
Sujit Mahato: We will continue to do that, Divyansh. This is a very small portion. I think as we speak, around 
47 to 48 stores have been launched under this format. So when compared to the 6,000-odd, this 
is a very small number, which also helps the company in garnering, I would say, local attention 
instead of spending good money for advertising. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. So sort of a marketing, understood. And sir, the last question. You mentioned that, 
let's say, because of all the minimum wage hikes and everything, we are tweaking the we are not 
allowing any new sign-up into the retention plan that we had designed. 
 But then how does it address the attrition problem due to which we h ad launched the retention 
program in the first because if the minimum wages have gone up and let's say, they don't have 
the retention plan, they can... 
[[PAGE 11]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Sujit Mahato: I understand your question. I'll try to address that. The underlying issue itself was lower wages, 
especially when compared to employees in the quick commerce business.  And now since the 
minimum wages have gone up, we expect and definitely, we would very  closely monitor this 
that much better kind of employees will be available for this higher range of wages. 
 And therefore, sense should prevail, and we will closely monitor this ho w it works. And if 
something is required, this is again a non-statutory area which the compan y can very quickly 
address it if there is need in each of these pockets wherever possible. 
 So what we wanted to inform you is, one, there is no knee-jerk reactio n, only continuously only 
the new guy from 1st March, if this plan is no more available for them . But for colleagues and 
employees who are already part of this plan, it continues. So whatev er amounts have been 
accrued to them as on date will be absolutely paid by the company or honored by the company 
as and when time comes. 
 So therefore, we do not see a higher risk. But as you rightly p ointed out, we continue to monitor 
this space and we will look at what interventions along with our HR, we need to do to attract 
and retain such talent. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine Capital. 
Jasdeep Walia: That diagnostics business has been scaling up well. So what are your th oughts on scaling it 
further by way of either densification in the same market or maybe e xpanding into other 
markets? 
Madhukar Gangadi: See, while it has been doing reasonably well and it is profitable also, it has not really gone to the 
level we wanted. That is a model in which the subscription plans should have come both from 
the B2B and B2C side. We have not had much success in the B2B and B2C also has languished 
around 220,000 or 210,000 kind of members. 
 By now, we should have had anywhere between 250,000 to 300,0 00 members. So for that reason, 
while we may do a little bit of maintenance kind of work here and th ere and replace 1 or 2 
machines here or there, in on the whole, I don't think we'll be exp anding that in a significant 
fashion. At least the radiology part. 
Jasdeep Walia: Got it, sir. Sir, is there an inventory charge also this time in th e on the expenses side, inventory 
provisioning charge? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So the inventory provision charge this quarter is on the normal level. When compared to the 
previous quarter on a sequential basis, we had a release on the inventory provision line because 
whatever we had provided for, the company was able to liquidate. And therefore, it appears that 
this quarter has a higher charge, but the charge is a normal number. 
Jasdeep Walia: Got it. So what's the annual inventory provisioning charge for your company? 
Madhukar Gangadi: Roughly 1%, 0.8% to 1% on the total sales. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Jasdeep Walia: I'm guessing that there will be no inventory obsolescence on the  branded pharma or branded 
FMCG side. So this inventory charge is primarily linked to the private label, right? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So a large portion is linked to the private label. There is also a small  portion which comes as a 
charge on the branded as well. But you're right, predominantly mo re than 90%, 95% of our 
branded pharma and non-pharma products, we are able to successfu lly return back to the 
manufacturers. 
Jasdeep Walia: Sir, then if we look at this expense only on the private label side, I th ink the annual expense 
would be somewhere close to 300, 350 basis points, right? That looks to be pretty high. So what 
are the reasons why you need to do such a large amount of provisioning. 
Madhukar Gangadi: So, let's take it this way. For the branded pharmaceuticals or the branded non-pharma products, 
these are generally make-to-shelf products. They don't make for MedPlus, they make it for the 
whole market. Whereas if you take a private label product both on the pharma and non-pharma, 
it is made to order, which means the entire risk of obsolescence, da mage, non-saleability, and 
slow moving is on the books of MedPlus. 
 So, it's a conscious call based on the margin availability, the overall economics of the product 
that up to 5% is what we consider as a very normal range on the priva te label. And as you 
highlighted, it is well within that number. 
Jasdeep Walia: Got it, sir. And sir, as the business scales up, do you have any targets that this expense would be 
coming down in the future? Or this will remain close to... 
Madhukar Gangadi: As a target itself, we said we do consider approximately up to 5% as a charge. But we obviously 
will continue to keep working to minimize this number because the  amount, whatever we 
minimize is straight bottom line. 
Jasdeep Walia: Got it, sir. And sir, are there any plans on launching your own private label for GLP-1? 
Sujit Mahato: Not yet. If we do that, we'll definitely inform the market. Not for the moment. We have not yet 
launched. 
Jasdeep Walia: Got it, sir. Sir, last question, sir, on the issue of promoter leverage, is the re any time line to 
reduce leverage levels? 
Sujit Mahato: So that is actively being looked at by the family office. But at present, there is no such plan. And 
as and when that happens, adequate disclosures will be made to the market. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from 360 ONE Capital. 
Akhil Parekh: My first question is in terms of store opening, we still maintain our guidan ce of 800 store 
additions. That's at net level, right? And how would be the mix between franchisee versus total 
stores? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, Akhil. It's at the net level. The internal estimates what we had very broadly was 50%, 50%. 
But this quarter, it is completely on the franchisee side where we have incre ased on a net basis 
[[PAGE 13]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 12 of 18 
 
out of 146, 131 stores are the franchisee stores on a net basis what we ad ded. And we continue 
to stick to the guidance of 800 store net store openings for the current fiscal. 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. Second, on growth and the margins front, right now we have been growing heavily at the 
top line. So, should we continue to expect similar kind of gro wth trajectory in subsequent 
quarters in FY27? 
 And second, on the margin front, given the actions we have take n in terms of reducing the 
discount, increasing the membership fees, as Madhukar sir said, we'll increase our private label 
portion by 0.3% to 0.5% on a quarterly basis, starting probably from third quarter, is it safe to 
assume that our margin profile for full year will go back to where it wa s in FY26? Or it might 
be still time in below that? 
Sujit Mahato: It's too early, but what I would request is allow us one quarter. So that we a lso look at the 
outcomes of the actions which the company is currently taking. Maybe next quarter would be a 
much better period to see the benchmark and also look at the n ext balance 2 quarters of the 
current fiscal. We should be in a much better situation in quarter 2 to look at and project as well 
the latest estimates for the full year. 
Akhil Parekh: Okay. And lastly, on the cash generation part, right? I mean we ha ve a debt-free balance sheet, 
and we have almost INR600 crores plus cash and our operating cash flow, free cash flow also 
continues to be very strong by virtue of strong business fundamentals. So any plans to increase 
the dividend or do a share buyback because we'll have sufficient cash at the end of FY27... 
Sujit Mahato: Your observation is absolutely right, Akhil. We are evaluating various op tions, and we would 
take the guidance and present to the Board various options. And if there is an outcome, we would 
definitely inform you next quarter. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Jitaksh Gupta from Tikri Investments. 
Jitaksh Gupta: Sir, my question is regarding the revenue. So the other revenue under the total revenue segment, 
it is moving up. So can you understand the nature of this revenue portion and where it will move 
for the financial year? 
Sujit Mahato: See the significant amount in that other is the franchisee sales, we still sh ow it as others and 
that's in the range of INR830 million included in that number. T hat will be the largest number 
in that. And rest all are if you see it's in the same level of the previous quarters as well. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Bino Pathi from Elara Capital. 
Bino Pathi: Madhukar, Just a follow-up from the initial question. I completely unde rstand that the margin 
was down this quarter because of the lower mix of private label as well as increased contribution 
from the franchisee, which is very well understandable. 
 But then you also commented that all of these have grown, even  the private label in absolute 
terms have grown compared to previous quarters, although the contribution has come down. In 
[[PAGE 14]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 13 of 18 
 
which case, the absolute EBITDA should have grown, although the margin  comes down. So 
where exactly has the EBITDA decline happened? 
Sujit Mahato: Bino, Sujit Here. I'll take this question. On a quarter- on-quarter basis, if you observe, the 
absolute sales for private label pharma and non-pharma have degrown by around INR33 crores. 
Bino Pathi: Sorry, can we look at Y-o-Y, Y-o-Y also, is there a decline in... 
Sujit Mahato: If you look at Y-o-Y, there is a 200 bps decline on the pharma alone, private label. As a mix, we 
had 13.8% and now. 
Bino Pathi: No, no, I'm not talking about the mix. The mix change from margin comes down, that is logical 
and I understand. But Y-o-Y in absolute sales, is there a dip? 
Sujit Mahato: Y-o-Y on an absolute terms, INR197 crores versus INR200 crores on the pharma itself, it's flat. 
Bino Pathi: Okay. So then why would EBITDA decline Y-o-Y? 
Sujit Mahato: EBITDA has an impact of mix and the increase in the cost Bino. 
Bino Pathi: And the increase in cost is mainly the employee cost or some other costs? 
Sujit Mahato: Predominantly the employee cost. 
Bino Pathi: And where does it get recorded in the COGS or below that? Because I see that the gross margin 
has come down. 
Sujit Mahato: The gross margin is due to the mix. The expenses goes under the below the cost. 
Bino Pathi: So see, I understand that the gross margin percentage comes down b ecause of the mix change. 
But if neither of the segments have degrown Y-o-Y, then the gross ma rgin or EBITDA should 
not decline, gross profit or EBITDA should not decline. 
Sujit Mahato: Correct. 
Bino Pathi: Hello, am I audible? 
Sujit Mahato: I think we answered that question. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Ankit Bansal from A B Investments. 
Ankit Bansal: Sir, my question, like you have just topped the opex plan. Rather than you're extending yourself 
to north or deep part of India in the pharmacy business, you are ju st hold on that investment. 
What are your plans for the rest of India for your main business? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So the plan is to actually grow contiguously in contiguous states. So we are there in Maharashtra 
right now in a significant number. And we have extended into both Ch hattisgarh and Madhya 
Pradesh. And on the southern side, we have actually gone into Kerala. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 Once we get these states going fully and once they are profitable, t hen we'll go again northwards 
and westwards. That's the plan for us. The capex on our core business ha s not stopped, will not 
stop. I don't think there's any reason for it to stop. And that is not something on which we are 
looking for any kind of feedback from the market. This capex was for a slightly different thing. 
And so based on we rethought it a little bit. But it's nothing to do with our core business. 
Ankit Bansal: Sir, my question is like how on the margin front, are the margins like now they have come down, 
are this fluctuation will continue for the coming years? Or will it get stable in that range or upper 
range? What will be the continuity for the investors to look for a stable kind of margins? 
Madhukar Gangadi: See, once in a while, you're always going to have some issue like the new labor code was a pretty 
significant kind of impact, I would say. So whenever something like that happens, you are bound 
to see some kind of an impact. 
 But other than that, I see no reason why the margin should chan ge significantly. The one thing 
which we will continue to focus on is private label. It will now, going forward, after some of the 
supply chain issues and all will stabilize, both on the pharmacy sid e as well as on the non-
pharmacy side, the mix itself and then start growing. And that is what will drive the margins for 
us. 
Ankit Bansal: Okay. Sir, the manufacturers from your manufacturing, are they of the all the auditing has been 
done by you? All the things are in place, you are satisfied with the kind of supply chain, all other 
services you're getting the products you are getting manufactured from them? 
Madhukar Gangadi: On the pharma side, we actually get them manufactured from some of the biggest names in the 
country. The 3 or 4 people who supply us supply to all the top 30, top 40 of the big pharma. So 
we don't have any issues on the quality side with them. 
 And actually, what we go one step further, we also have our own NA BL accredited lab in our 
own campus. So, every batch, if not every other batch is also tested in ad dition to the standard 
testing which the labs do. So, we make sure that the quality is maintained for our customers. 
Ankit Bansal: And the retail side, retail products? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So I'm talking about the retail products, right? These are private labe l products. What comes 
from the brand is the brand's responsibility there. We have nothing to do with the quality and 
all. We sell what the doctor prescribes. And so it is the responsibility of the company to maintain 
its quality. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Axay Shah from VVD Asset Managers. 
Axay Shah: Sir, my question is that quick commerce platform are scaling in some cities. And how do we see 
the competition from there because they are doing pretty well in a few cities? 
Madhukar Gangadi: No, are you saying that quick commerce is doing well in some cities? 
Axay Shah: Yes. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Madhukar Gangadi: See, for us, if the customer is actually willing to pay the cost of th e delivery, we're more than 
happy to compete with quick commerce. I don't think it is someth ing which we really want to 
focus on at this point of time because as of now, almost all of these businesses are bleeding cash. 
They are subsidized in the cost, and that is not something which we want to do. While they may 
take a little bit of our business or a little bit of the overall business, I don't think there will be any 
significant effect on the overall side. 
 Pharmacy is slightly different from the general grocery business and all . So, it had its own 
challenges and everything else. I don't think anyone has really succeeded. The day people figure 
out how to actually give a 20% discount, give a free delivery and give it in 10 minutes, we'll be 
more than happy to go to that model whenever it comes. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Swaraj Mehta from Perpetual Capital Advisors. 
Swaraj Mehta: Am I audible? 
Madhukar Gangadi: Yes. 
Swaraj Mehta: I just wanted to understand you mentioned in your PPT that the stores that are greater than 12 
months, the ROCE is around 63%. So but on a company level, our ROCE is very less. So I just 
wanted to understand why does not that reflect in the overall company numbers and where is 
this gap coming from? 
Madhukar Gangadi: So significantly, your observation is right. Second, the way it is calculated, the store level ROCE 
is calculated based on store level investments and store level inventory. The company level, once 
it goes there, it also includes the warehouse level inventory, which is approximately 30 to 32 
days of the company level sales. 
 So that's the only difference what you have in calculating the compan y level ROCE. And then 
you have apart from the store level computation, even if you lo ok at the profitability, you have 
the corporate expenses, the warehouse logistics expenses and the sales an d marketing related 
expenses. So, after netting that off and taking into consideration th e inventory at the back end, 
which is the warehouse level inventory, we compute the company leve l ROCE, which is 
published. Net of the cash what we hold. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Anil Sarin from K16 Advisors. 
Anil Sarin: A lot of my questions have already been answered. But I wanted to kn ow what was the SSSG 
this quarter? 
Sujit Mahato: So, as we have been informing the market, one, we do not really track SSSG per se because we 
strongly believe that while SSSG is a good metric for a retail store, bu t in pharma retail purely 
doesn't work because, one, we continuously add stores, which is clos e by to our own stores 
beyond a certain densification. And when we look at possibilities that it could be cannibalized 
by other stores or other competition, we do cannibalize our own store. And therefore, as a model, 
we really do not track SSSG, Anil. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Anil Sarin: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. So, I noticed that your revenue gr owth rate has become quite 
handsome in between it had slowed down. So, congratulations on the same. In the fourth quarter, 
there was very good movement. And now in the first quarter also, there is 22% improvement. 
 However, in the latest quarter, the gross margin seemed to have suffered q uite a bit. I just wanted 
your view, is it solely due to the mix in favor of branded pharma that we have suffered this 
decline in gross margin, roughly 200 bps, it has come off sequentially? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. Out of 200 you mentioned, 100 bps is due to the lower sales mix of private label products, 
both pharma and non-pharma put together. 70 bps is attributable to the lower inventory 
provisions when compared to the sequential quarter. There was a question earlier that in quarter 
4 of the previous fiscal, the inventory provisions were significantly lower because we had a 
release of provisions. In that period, we were able to liquidate products which had earlier been 
provisioned. 
 Now that same number is actually a like- to-like a similar number, but Q4 was an exception. And 
therefore, we are seeing a larger dip and that impact is 70 basis points. And additionally, 40 basis 
points at the year-end, we were able to negotiate with our large supplier for both pharma as well 
as the FMCG products. 
 And we had some extra, I would say, supplier-related discounts at the  year-end, which we do 
not have in Q1, but we are pretty confident that during the year, we will make up for that. So the 
100 basis points, we will make up for that during the year. A significant portion, we should see 
a traction coming back in the next quarter and beyond. 
 And the 40 basis points on the full year to year, we expect it to  get recovered fully. The decrease 
of 70 because of the inventory loss also will not be visible because on an ongoing basis, around 
INR12 crores is the inventory loss per quarter, and we should be on the same range on a quarter-
to-quarter basis going forward. 
Anil Sarin: So, this INR12 crores equivalent, what was the figure in the first quarter? 
Sujit Mahato: Fourth quarter was around INR4.5 crores, INR5 crores. 
Anil Sarin: And that became INR12 crores in the current quarter for which we are discussing. 
Sujit Mahato: INR11 crores plus, yes. 
Anil Sarin: Got it. So should I say that for the full year, when we close th e books for fiscal '27, our gross 
margin would have recovered to the trend or if not exceeding it? 
Sujit Mahato: I think we are shooting for that. Allow us a quarter. We will know the trajectory and the outcomes 
of the efforts what we are making. And post that, we can guide you for the whole year as well. 
Anil Sarin: Great. Further, there are 2 developments which are somewhat conce rning. One is that there 
seems to be a permanent increase, I mean, thanks to the regulations re garding labor, et cetera. 
So there is a cost structure which has gone up permanently, at least in the states that you 
mentioned, Telangana and Karnataka. That is one. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 Second, there is what one hears is that there is continuing kind of d iscounting going on, both by 
the offline as well as by the online pharmacies. So that I don't kno w whether that is temporary 
or not. But on the manpower cost, there is a permanent kind of a hit. So is it possible to overcome 
that and go back to our older reported 9% odd kind of EBITDA margin that we saw? 
Sujit Mahato: So I think in that direction, we earlier articulated that the company  has already tweaked the 
discount structure a little bit effective 7th of July, and we have reduced 1% for purchases greater 
than 1,000 where the payment mode is other than UPI. 
 And therefore, we should see some benefit on that. And once we observe good traction and the 
impact on the consequential sale, the management would further eva luate and see if something 
else or additional tweaking is required. But our target also, again, is to g o back to the earlier 
reported numbers and do it in a manner which is more sustainable. 
Anil Sarin: Fair enough. Just one last thing. Sir, if you could just highlight the  amount of the loan that has 
been taken against the pledge has been made, that one hears differen t figures. So there was a 
repayment and then there was a re-initiation of a debt. Obviously, it will go away only when the 
amount is repaid. But what does the amount outstanding stand at currently? 
Sujit Mahato: Is this are you talking about the promoters' debt? 
Anil Sarin: Correct. 
Sujit Mahato: It's close to around INR1,150 crores. 
Anil Sarin: Okay, INR1,150 crores. 
Sujit Mahato: All Included, which is interest included. 
Anil Sarin: So that would essentially I mean, if we have a great fiscal '27 without the price earnings multiple 
changing at all, I'm not talking about today's fall. I'm talking about the normalized kind of price 
earnings multiple. If the earnings were to go up at a certain level, the sha re price would 
consequently rise by an equivalent amount, and that should be a t a level where you might feel 
comfortable to liquidate the debt? 
Sujit Mahato: So that's the family office decision, nothing to do with the listco. But yes, you are right. Those 
calls and decisions are made by Madhukar and the family office. S o I think I cannot comment 
anything beyond this. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Akash Shah from Investec Capital Services. 
Akash Shah: Sir, am I audible? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Akash Shah: Okay. So as I can see from the presentation that was put on a second ti me, the SSSG has been 
reported at 15%, which is a fourth consecutive quarter of positive growth. Now in earlier quarter, 
we had alluded to the SSSG growth of 9% to 10% for the full year going ahead. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 So two questions here. First, do you see the SSSG growth rate stick to 9% to 10% for the full 
year? And second, as you had highlighted in the to an earlier que stion, you expect to arrest the 
degrowth of 100 basis points, which was due to the decline in share of private label. 
 So if your overall gross margins were to stay at the same level and  EBITDA, would you would 
this mean that on an annual basis, the share will remain the same as it was earlier? These are the 
two questions. 
Sujit Mahato: So as I mentioned on the SSSG, I think if you have followed my earlier response, it stays same. 
We do not report explicitly and track SSSG per se. But yes, if we are seeing the number it's only 
a number which as a consequence of various activities which we do on the ground, including the 
new store openings as well as the cohort of stores which is performing. But a s the number to 
shoot for is an overall number of 10%. 
 And on your second question, absolutely, we aspire to recover as muc h as possible on the 100 
bps impact on the gross margins due to private label, but that will be over a period of a couple 
of quarters. Initially, we should see a comeback on the non-p harma and a bit on pharma. And 
subsequent quarters, we should continuously be around 0.25% to 0.3% growth on overall private 
label, whereby we believe we will be able to recover the entire decline, what we have. 
 On a full year basis, as I had earlier mentioned, request you to be a bit patient, allow us a quarter, 
let us reassess the situation, and we will be in a better position to gu ide or even articulate what 
would be the full year numbers. 
Akash Shah: All right, sir. And sir, just one last question. In earlier in one of the qua rters, I think it was in 
quarter 4, you had said that every 20 to 30 bps increase in the share of private label in the overall 
sales leads to 10 bps growth in the gross margins. Is it correct? Or as per the current calculations 
in one of the so you had uploaded two presentations yesterday. 
 In the first presentation from the first presentation, what I could make is for  every 30 bps increase 
in the share, there was 0.2% growth. So just on the numerical, if you could confirm. 
Sujit Mahato: What we uploaded as the investor deck, my request is to stick to that because between the pharma 
and the non-pharma, depending on which category of custome rs would convert to our private 
label, that percentage play would always be in a particular range. What we h ad guided you in 
Q4, I would request we continue with the same guidance. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question of the day. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Sujit Mahato: I thank all participants on this call for your interest in the MedPlus journ ey. Our Investor 
Relations team can be contacted at ir@medplusindia.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of MedPlus Health Services Limited, that c oncludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 