[[PAGE 1]]
                                                            
 
                                                                                      MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
040-6724 6724 
Regd. off. H. No: 11-6-56, Survey No: 257 & 258/1, Opp: IDPL Railway Siding Road, Moosapet, Kukatpally, Hyd erabad – 500037, Telangana, India  
CIN No: L85110TG2006PLC051845 I Website: www.medplusindia.com  I   Email:medplus@medplusindia.com 
 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 543427 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: MEDPLUS 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub: 
Submission of Transcript of Earnings Call: 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Require ments) Regulations, 
2015, we enclose herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held with analyst/ institutional investors on 
May 21, 2026 for the quarter ended and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the Company at 
www.medplusindia.com and also on the 
websites of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. viz. www.bseindia.com and 
www.nseindia.com respectively. 
 
Thanking You  
Yours faithfully 
 
For MedPlus Health Services Limited 
 
 
  
 
Gangadi Madhukar Reddy 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
DIN: 00098097 
  
 
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“MedPlus Health Services Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
Management:        Mr. Sujit Kumar Mahato - Chief Financial Officer 
      Mr. DRN Srinivas - Sr. Manager Finance 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to FY26 Q4 Earnings Ca ll of MedPlus Health 
Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the liste n-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pre ssing star then zero on 
your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. DRN. Srinivas. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
DRN Srinivas: Thank you, Iqra . Good evening, everyone. On behalf of MedPlus, it's my utmost p leasure to 
welcome you all to MedPlus Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call to discuss the financial results 
of MedPlus for the financial year FY26, which were announced earlier. 
We have with us today the senior management represented by our CFO, Mr . Sujit Mahato. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Please note the disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties on Slide  1 of the investor 
presentation shared with all of you earlier. Documents relating to our financial performance were 
circulated earlier, and these have also been posted on our corporate website. 
I would now hand over the call to Sujit. Thank you, and over to you, Sujit. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you, Srinivas, and good evening, everyone on this call.  The update on our network with 
regards to openings and closures, the company opened 618 stores net additions during the year. 
During the current quarter, we have opened 295 outlets and there were  77 store closures, 
including 18 related to relocation cases and 13 franchisee outlet closures. 
We achieved a net addition of 218 stores during the quarter compared  to the 182 stores added 
during the last quarter. For FY27, company plans to open 800 net n ew stores, including 
franchisee outlets. An update on our network. In terms of the age of our stores network, around 
24% of our stores have been operational for less than 2 years and  the remaining 76% of our 
stores have been operational for 2 years or more. 
On the store size of our network, at the end of the quarter, our network grew to 5,330 stores with 
2.8 million plus square feet compared to 4,712 stores and 2.4 milli on square feet at the end of 
March '25. The average store size is 528 square feet. 
On the revenue mix, presently, the company offers a large range o f SKUs spanning across 
pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical categories. Private label sales fo r Q4 FY26 constitute 
22%, pharma being 11.4% and non-pharma constituting 10.6%  of our total revenues. Our 
consolidated revenue for the quarter is INR18,644 million. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Our consolidated operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR1,076 million,  representing 
5.8%. Revenue from pharmacy operations grew by 23.4% Y-o-Y o n a reported basis. The 
pharmacy operating EBITDA stood at INR1,022 million, representing 5.6%. 
An update on our store performance. Stores older than 12 months. Revenue from these stores in 
quarter 4 was INR1,606 million, representing 96% of pharmacy reven ue. These stores had a 
store level EBITDA margin of 13.1%. A word here on the store level EBIT DA margin by age. 
While stores greater than 12 months had a margin of 13.1%, this was 13 .3% for stores greater 
than 24 months and 9.3% for stores in the 13 months to 24 months age bracket. 
On allocating all non-store-related costs, the operating EBITDA of stores greater than 12 months 
would be INR1,133 million, which translates to a margin of 6.7%. An update on working capital. 
Our net working capital for quarter 4 was 53 days. The inventory in our warehouse was 30 days. 
In Q4, the inventory level of our first year stores was 112 days. In comparison for our stores 
older than 12 months, the inventory was 36 days. 
There has been a corrigendum and would like to update. In Slide 3 of our investor presentation, 
request you to please read operating cash flows as INR4,956 million instead of INR917 million 
for the full year FY26 and OCF by operating EBITDA ratio at 135.5% instead of 85.2% for the 
full year FY26. On our diagnostic numbers, Diagnostics revenue for the ye ar is INR1,309.9 
million and operating EBITDA is INR196 million. Diagnostics revenue for th e current quarter 
grew to INR347.8 million compared to INR280.8 million in quarter 4 FY25. 
Diagnostics segment recorded an operating EBITDA of INR53.1 million, rep resenting 15.3% 
compared to INR34.3 million in quarter 4 of FY25. In January, we sold 537 gross plans per day. 
In Feb and March, this was 603 and 554, respectively. As on 31st March, we had around 2 lakhs 
active plans. Our current observed on-time renewal rate was 21% in quarter 4 versus 23% in 
quarter 3. 
That concludes our update for the quarter. I request the host to open the line for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sanjay from Bastion Research. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulation on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question would be our number of store closure is continuously on  an increasing trend. So how 
one should view this? And also our franchisee in model store withdrawal is also on uptick. So 
can you throw some light on this or your input on this? 
Sujit Mahato: Sure. Thank you. Thank you for your question. In terms of our sto re closures, this quarter, we 
had a few stores also closed down, which relates to the performance. We wa ited for three-year 
plus stores and where we felt that we were not able to revise them to the level of the company's 
expectation, around 26 to 27 stores we closed down. Rest all, we ha ve given the reasons in the 
investor deck. 
Sanjay: Okay. Sir, my another question would be in the previous con calls, we have highlighted that we 
are rearranging our sales due to which our private shares had significantly declined in Q4 FY26. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 4 of 18 
 
So going forward, as our previous guidance of increasing private l abel by, you know, 20 basis 
points to 30 basis points every quarter- on-quarter, is that guidance intact? Or how should we 
view the private label shares going up going forward? 
Sujit Mahato: So I think that guidance continues to be intact. What we did for the last two quarters is stabilize 
the overall growth where we also had to balance out between the bra nded products as well as 
the private label sales where we had informed the investors that we were restru cturing the 
incentives. Now we have seen that it's working the way we expect it,  and we'll be back to the 
trajectory where we had promised that every quarter, we can expect that kind of a growth on the 
private label as well. 
Sanjay: Thank you so much. My last question would be the current growth in the revenue and the margin, 
can we expect in the FY27 as well? Or how should we view that margin  and growth revenue 
growth going forward? 
Sujit Mahato: Yeah, as a principle, the company does not give guidance, but there is no reason to believe that 
we will not continue in the same manner. 
Sanjay: Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. All the best. Thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. The  800 new stores that you have guided for next year, 
how do you split between your own stores and franchisees? And what was the split for 600-odd 
stores that you opened this in FY26? 
Sujit Mahato: So Saion for the current year, out of the 600 around 310-odd stores we have done the franchisee 
model. Again there, we had guided that we will do an experiment on this. We continue to do that 
and continue to refine the model. 
The second question, the second part is on the next year. As we sp eak, I don't have a split of 
that, Saion, but as we progress, maybe we will share that information . But at the moment, it is 
800, which includes both the company stores as well as the franchisee outlets. 
Saion Mukherjee: Understood. Just to understand the impact of this. So overall, of the 5,000-odd stores you have, 
the total franchisee would be now just around 300, right? Because this is  the first year you had 
meaningfully added franchisees stores. Is that correct? 
Sujit Mahato: So the old ones and the new ones all put together should be in the range of 500 now  500 plus. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. Okay. So this new addition of franchisees should not be a dra g on your profitability? Is 
that a right assessment because I think on the books… 
Sujit Mahato: The original model was that while the company stores continue to grow an d we venture into 
franchisee as a faster growth adjacency, we will be able to, you kno w, make significant or 
sufficient margin what we were making with the company-owned stores at th e store level. And 
[[PAGE 6]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 5 of 18 
 
we are in the same, I would say, trajectory or direction. The only additional good point is in our 
own company-owned stores, at least for the year one, we were making losses and then we were 
slowly climbing up. But in the franchisee model, right from day one, we are in increasing. 
Saion Mukherjee: Understood. Sir, one observation that you know, your margins have b een increasing. So for 
stores greater than 12 months, if I call them mature stores, at store level 13%  margin, at you 
know, operating level 6.7%. You also mentioned private label, which sort of got stagnated a bit 
will start to grow again. From a slightly long and then now you h ave franchisee also adding so 
where should we see operating EBITDA margin over the course of the next 3 years, 5 years, if 
you can help us think elaborate those things will show? 
Sujit Mahato: See at least for the next one year, the way we have been discussing  internally is we would first 
try to stabilize this and maybe deliver again the same 5.7% to 5.8%  and then keep growing. So 
the plan is to add more assortment on the private label non-pharma side as well because there 
we believe the size  and traditionally, we have been lower on that count when compared to our 
other peers and competitors. So that is one area which the company  would focus in the current 
fiscal and going forward that on a rupee absolute basis, how can we keep adding the private label 
non-pharma, which will definitely add to the top-line as well as to the bottom-line. 
Saion Mukherjee: Just one last question, if I can, you know, ask, is there any impact of G LP-1 launches or any 
comments that you have on that particular market? And anything for Me dPlus, which can be a 
positive here? 
Sujit Mahato: We did not track at that level, Saion. Maybe we will do a separate dee p dive and maybe we'll 
come back to you. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay. Thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sudarshan Agarwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Yeah. On GLP, how is your cold chain storage kind of, you know, set up? Do you have enough, 
you know, in terms of warehouses and transport? Do you have that setup already, kind of, built 
up? Yeah, that would… 
Sujit Mahato: So we always had  this  I think, Sudarshan, we always had that infrastructure in place be cause 
we were earlier also handling the injectables, the vaccines and other products. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Yeah. 
Sujit Mahato: So there was no surprise element on that. But only thing as I mentioned  just now to the other 
person that I have not tracked that data separately. But beyond this, I would not be able to 
comment momentarily. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Got it. And in terms of your store addition plans, right? So you high lighted around 800-odd 
stores. So a couple of years back also, we had added quite a lot of stores and then we had to add 
[[PAGE 7]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 6 of 18 
 
warehouses. So where do you see the headroom till where you will h ave to add more and more 
warehouses from the current level? 
Sujit Mahato: See, it depends again on what we had explained earlier. As we move into newer states, we would 
for sure need new warehouses. But for this set of 800 stores and if it is predo minantly we 
concentrate in the existing state, then I believe not many additions o f warehouse would be 
required. 
We have enough headroom. But as we progress into the existing state of MP and Chhattisgarh 
where we started filling stores in the previous year, there we may need to plan a few warehouses 
that will be much lower when compared to the current year additions what we have done. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Got it. And on the accounting side, you had a 30 bps improvement in gross margins this quarter 
on a Q-on-Q basis. But if I look at your product mix in terms of private label, it has gone slightly 
down itself. So is there some  what is driving the sequential improvement in gross margin? 
Sujit Mahato: So absolutely, your observation is right. The other income component, which has gone up in this 
quarter and also a bump up on the pharma membership income. What we have observed is there 
are certain contracts with suppliers where we have an arrangement upfront where we can accrue 
over the years based on the performance. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Yes. 
Sujit Mahato: But there are suppliers where there exists no contract, but based on the ov erall performance of 
the year when we negotiate with them, and we are able to get some b enefit that is only taken 
again at the end of the quarter, but basis the units sold. So, fo r example, if we have procured 1 
million units during the year and we have got x amount and ou t of that 60% has already been 
sold to the extent of 60%, we get the credit in the quarter. And that' s been where we have seen 
some positive benefit, which we had to accrue in the current fiscal year. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Got it. Got it. And one last question. So given that you are kind  of exploring this franchisee 
model, historically, you have followed more of a densification strategy in your 4, 5 states or 7-
odd states. But with franchisee model, I believe you may be able to go more into pan-India basis. 
So should we kind of assume as and when you pick up more franchisees, the expansion in other 
states will kind of pick up pace? 
Sujit Mahato: So I think immediately, we have not listed our any new state, but those states where we just 
started filling stores in the previous 1 year or 2 years, we would definite ly like to expand there 
to the franchisee road. And we will continue the densification program as you rightly highlighted 
in the existing states because there's still room to be covered. And a s we go to new states, we 
will inform the market. 
Sudarshan Agarwal: Got it, got it. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thanks. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. Thank you, Sudarshan. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 8]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Ahmed Madha: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Similar question on the franchisee model. There are a lot 
of moving parts in the business. I'm assuming, first of all, you'll h ave certain investments to be 
made in terms of fixed assets and our partner will be making some fix ed asset investment. And 
then there is inventory component, which probably will be lying on  with the franchisee partner 
already, and you have to account it and maybe clean up some of it. 
So can give a little more clarity in terms of your franchisee business model, how you are looking 
at asset turns, fixed asset investments and as well as inventory managemen t. You spoke about 
the margins part, which is clear that your breakeven time line will be  there's no breakeven time 
line in terms of margins and from first year will be profitable, but balance sheet side is a little 
unclear. 
Sujit Mahato: So when we try setting up a franchisee outlet, as you rightly highlig hted, the capex is being 
invested by the company. So let's say, we spend INR10 Lakhs per store  for setting up the 
complete capex, including the EBITDA. And then on the inventory, th e franchisee purchases 
that inventory from MedPlus on day 1. So that's an outright sale for us. 
When we look at margins, the way we are looking at currently, let's say, the gross margin today 
at the pharmacy level is 24% that is distributed between the Franchisee a nd MedPlus. Say, 
MedPlus continues to retain 10% or 9 5% and the franchisee give n 14%, 14.5%. The way it is 
done is if earlier we were selling a product at INR100, we would now sell that product at INR85, 
for example, to the franchisee and the franchisee would sell at INR100 an d make that INR15 
margin. And we would be making that delta margin of 9.5% to 10% when we sell the inventory 
to the franchisee. 
Ahmed Madha: And in terms of existing inventory with the franchisee partner, we don 't have any connection 
with that then? Is that prime… 
Sujit Mahato: If it is a new franchisee, the entire inventory is purchased. If it is an  old franchisee, depending 
on case- to-case basis, there are instances we completely acquire the inventory and  then 
completely replenish the entire inventory by a new sale. So those are  case-to-case basis where 
there are conversions from a mom-and-pop to MedPlus outlet. But otherwise, as you rightly said, 
it is  if it's a new store, complete inventory sold by us, there is no oth er inventory which the 
franchisees allowed to procure from outside. 
Ahmed Madha: Sure. And for the existing stores where you get into a franchisee mode l, you will be sort of 
writing-off some inventories, I'm assuming because their way of valuing and our way of valuing 
may have some difference. Is that a fair way to look at it? 
Sujit Mahato: We have not observed any such differences, just to clarify. 
Ahmed Madha: Okay. And lastly, in terms of margins, gross margin is pretty clear. It is rough ly 9.5, 10 
percentage. But then the translation from gross to EBITDA, I'm assuming it will be much higher 
in franchisee model than the existing model. 
Sujit Mahato: So the way to look at it is after the store level EBITDA of 9.5%, 10, th ere's no other cost 
associated with it. So that gets accretive to the company's margin directly. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Ahmed Madha: Okay. Got it. Sure. Thank you so much. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: Hi, sir. One question on the franchisee, which you just mentioned. So 9% to 10% gross margin 
that we have is net of supply chain cost or supply chain cost to deliv er it to them is separately 
charged and therefore, the EBITDA becomes, let's say, 6 to 8. 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, you are right. It is separately charged, which is currently the model which we present, where 
we say that after the store level EBITDA there is the PSD, which is the warehouse re lated and 
marketing cost and then the corporate and other costs, which gives the company level EBITDA. 
Similarly, whatever we now articulated is the store level EBITDA in the franchisee mo del less 
the supply-related cost of, let's say, 2.5%, 3%. And then the net is the company level EBITDA, 
which gets added to the company bottom-line. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And there is no marketing fee that we charge them because let’s say we advertise… 
Sujit Mahato: It’s all – impact. It's included in it. 
Divyansh Gupta: All? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. The second question was in the deck, we have mentioned around 13 stores of franchisee 
had closed in this quarter. What would be the reason for them to withdraw? 
Sujit Mahato: Various reasons, you know. Some of them are new business entrepreneurs. They get into it with 
a certain set of expectations. Very soon within the first two months, they und erstand maybe it's 
not meeting their expectations. So it is very normal that we will see such closures. 
Divyansh Gupta: But the average age that we have mentioned is about almost 2 years. 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: So I understand 1 or 2 might be, let's say, 2 months experiment done by people and… 
Sujit Mahato: Some are also the old model franchisee stores, which have closed down. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. So for a new franchisee model, have we seen any, let’s say, quick closures. 
Sujit Mahato: A quick – we have seen. Yes, yes, we have seen. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. But not let's say, significant to. 
Sujit Mahato: No, no, absolutely. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. The third question was that I'm a consumer of MedPlus products. So I was looking 
through the app. So I saw your  there is a DBH biscuits and there is n on-pharma, non-eatable 
products. And the manufacturer was mentioned as optimal. So from being a, let's say, a trading 
company that's typically a pharmacist is, right? From a trading company, we also are becoming 
a manufacturing company. So what is the thought process of, let's say, manufacturing all of these 
zones, especially, let's say, here, at least there is no, let's say, regulatory FDA standards that need 
to be met. So the cost arbitrage will also  my assumption would be lesser. So what's the thought 
process of manufacturing these items by ourselves? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. So some of the items, absolutely, you're right. Wherever possible, we completely get into 
a full backward integration mode. And in optical also, we have set up, I think if you are referring 
to the food items of the bakery products, we are doing the ow n manufacturing only. And some 
of the non-pharma products also like cleaning liquid, some toil et stuff and other stuff is also 
being manufactured via our own factory. Wherever we do not have the capacity to manufacture, 
we do go to the best-in-class contract manufacturers for both pharm a and non-pharma and get 
our stuff done there. 
Divyansh Gupta: So is there a, let's say, thought process as you were saying, like non-pharma expansion, there is 
a whole blue ocean available, blue sky available that we will over a period of time aim to 
manufacture all non-pharma private label products in-house. 
Sujit Mahato: I will not say all, but wherever there is an opportunity, company is completely open to explore 
that. And as and when we do that, we will keep informing the market. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And just last question. The Q1, I think you partially answered, but let's say, the 12-month 
plus stores margin  EBITDA margin is pointing six point some  6.7% versus, let's say, 5.8% for 
Q4 FY25. So there is no one-off that is leading to a jump here because that way, it's a very steep 
jump. 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, there is no one-off. I can confirm that. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Got it. Thank you. I'll join back the queue. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jitaksh Gupta from Tikri Investments. Please  go 
ahead. 
Jitaksh Gupta: Hello. Can you hear me, sir? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. Please. 
Jitaksh Gupta: Sir, so my first question is regarding private label. So sir, just wanted to u nderstand like why we 
are still at 22%, 23% of the total sales. And like what is the near-term  target, let's say, for next 
year or next 2, 3 years for private label? 
Sujit Mahato: So the private label has two components, both the pharma and the FMCG part. So on the pharma, 
we have been mindful the way we are growing. On the non-pha rma, absolutely, the scope is 
[[PAGE 11]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 10 of 18 
 
unlimited. On the pharma also that way the scope is unlimited. But th ere it is also linked to the 
customers' behaviour and their attitude to convert to a private label rather than only the brand. 
Whereas in the non-pharma, that uptick is very fast, and we have slowly continuously started 
adding more assortment of products, which is going to help us going  forward as well. So that's 
the only reason. But otherwise, you are right. We do not have a specifi c number in mind for a 
target, but continuously, we would focus on that and keep growing. 
Jitaksh Gupta: And sir, another part. Like how do we manage unsold inventory  under the private label? Do we 
bear the cost entirely? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, your observation is right. On the private label, the entire inventory risk of expiry and write-
off is on our books. 
Jitaksh Gupta: Ok, sir. That's it for now. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akash Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: Hi, sir. Good evening and congratulations on the good set of numbers. A cou ple of questions 
here. Sir, we saw that the gross and the EBITDA margins for FY26 were at 26% and 8.8%. Just 
wanted to have a bit of a color on what should be  what should we look  how should we look at 
the trajectory going forward? That was my first question. 
And on the second question, sir, we noted the SSSG growth of 17.8 % for mature stores, that is 
stores greater than 12-months. Going ahead, on the  for FY27 on an annual basis, where do you 
see the SSSG rate as well? Thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. Thank you for your question. On the first question, I think, the first qu estion, what 
was the reference, sorry? 
Akash Shah: It was on gross and EBITDA margin trajectory going forward. 
Sujit Mahato: We do not give any specific guidance, but we expect at least to maintain the same level of gross 
margin. And as and when we see further improvements in the share of private label that should 
be accretive to our gross margins. 
Akash Shah: Okay, sir. And sir, on the SSSG? 
Sujit Mahato: On the SSSG, very clearly, we had articulated a couple of quarters a go that we would aim for 
9% to 10% on an annualized basis, while we strongly believe that SSSG is not the only metric 
which we need to track at least for a pharmacy kind of a setup. But fr om a number perspective, 
we still believe that we will be able to continue to clock at least 9% to 10% on an annual basis. 
Akash Shah: All right, sir. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL Investments. Please go  
ahead. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Jatin Chawla: Yeah. Hi. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity.  My first question is on your capital 
allocation, how are you thinking about it? Because what I see you are saying is, you have stores 
which give you fantastic ROCEs and there you are, kind of, letting the franchisee invest. And 
then on private label kind of non-pharma, you know, side, you  are  you want to manufacture 
yourself, where I'm assuming the ROCEs will not be as attractive as your stores. So, you know, 
how is the thought process kind of doing. 
Sujit Mahato: So while ROCE you are right, we'll have to track at the company level and the capital allocation 
is a dynamic part of that. Capital allocation will continue to be at what we think is where we can 
do a better job vis-à-vis contract manufacturer. Company would con tinuously focus on where 
we can add more value, add more products, bring in more assortmen t, bring in more reliability 
to the supply chain. That being said, we are completely very mindful of how we allocate capital 
so that we get the optimum return for the shareholders. 
Jatin Chawla: Kind of continuation of the same question. A few years back, 2 y ears, 3 years back, you were 
adding 800 stores on your own. And at that time, your balance sheet or even the company level 
ROCE was not as strong as it is today. So why is the thought process of no w kind of going 
aggressively with franchisees versus what you doing it yourself? 
Sujit Mahato: So that's the whole reason of your evaluation between adding, let's say, another 20,000 stores 
where you need to manage additional manpower of, let's say, 25,000 people vis-à-vis expanding 
aggressively through the franchisee route, getting in micro entrepreneurs who can manage, let's 
say, 5 stores to 10 stores on their own and thereby continuously gro wing this by making the 
MedPlus brand stronger, getting better product offering and making it more and more affordable 
to the customers. 
Jatin Chawla: Got it. Got it. That makes sense. Just one more question. You said yo ur gross margins will 
expand going forward with  as the private label contribution increases, but EBITDA margins 
you are looking to largely maintain at the current rate. So are there any specific areas where you 
are kind of intending to spend that the gross margin improvement will not translate to EBITDA 
margin improvement? 
Sujit Mahato: No, I've not mentioned that. Very mindfully, we'll have to only calibrate that what I mentioned 
is we would first, you know, ensure or at least target to maintain the current profitability. If you 
look at our historical numbers, we have continuously improved. So first  is we need to stabilize 
this and then continue to grow and that will be the journey forward. 
Jatin Chawla: Got it. Thanks a lot. This quarter was fantastic. Hope to see similar results going forward as well. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Amish Kanani: Sir, congrats on a good operating set of numbers. Sir, partly my que stion on asset allocation is, 
you know, addressed. But then the question is, sir with free cash flo w coming in since last two 
years, net of lease payment liability as well. You know, what are your thoughts – you 
[[PAGE 13]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 12 of 18 
 
know, about kind of sharing this via dividend, which is one of the strongest signals that company 
doesn't need the capital and we are generating the free cash flow. So one, why are we not still 
there? That's question number one. 
I understand you will have a lot of growth  aspiration and growth cap ital. You know, we are 
making decent ROCE, but just your thoughts there, sir, as a signaling. And second, sir you know, 
given our omnichannel, you did mention about how we can do a better job vis-à-vis only online 
kind of a store. 
The question is expanding our network in Tier 3 where maybe onlin e may not make a lot of 
sense versus growing growth through online. If you can give us some sense and flavour of how 
we are planning to grow existing store online and  going Tier 2, Tier 3, which obviously we can 
do both. But where is the growth prospects much better and much faster? Hello. Am I audible? 
Hello. Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, please. Can you please repeat the question? 
Amish Kanani: Yes. So I'll just quickly summarize my question. Sir, partly the growth , you know, the capital 
asset allocation on own store versus franchisee you have addressed . The question is then, sir, 
with free cash flow coming even  after payment of lease liability, how ab out giving a dividend 
signal, which is one of the strongest we as an investor believe is a good signal that even after 
working capital and repayment and capex need, we are generati ng free cash flow and there are 
no major debts to take care because there are lease liabilities, which  you know at least Ind AS 
shows it as debt. How about thinking on those lines, which we have no t yet kind of probably 
taken action? 
And second, sir, quickly on online growth through the existing channels versus growing in Tier 
2, Tier 3 towns where maybe online may not be probably so stro ng, we'll do maybe focus on 
more store level thing. Where is the growth more coming from getting more out of online in the 
existing store versus going in Tier 2, Tier 3, sir? 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. Thank you for the question. So on the dividend, for sure, we have not yet reached 
that stage is what we believe, but I'll take your question. We'll discuss it internally. The current 
the juncture at which the company stands that there is huge headroom for the company to grow 
and invest. 
 So we have not taken that call yet, but I'll take your question bac k and discuss with the senior 
management and the Board. The second on the online growth ve rsus the physical growth. For 
us, we continue to grow more in the Tier 2, Tier 3, if I can answer you. 
Amish Kanani: Okay. And sir, just to understand the online thing, you know, in slig htly more detail in slightly 
more flavour, how is it going? Is it something which is just an additional? How is it as a 
percentage of existing store level economics? How is it adding some flavour.. 
Sujit Mahato: So for us, online is not a direct focus or a channel where we drive  sales, but it's been there for 
the company since 2014 as an additional convenience to the customers where the customers can 
order online, pick up while going back home, going from office,  they pick up from our stores 
[[PAGE 14]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 13 of 18 
 
and some of them really take the full benefit of ordering online and getting them delivered at the 
home. It is five-plus percent of our current total sales. 
Amish Kanani: Okay. Got it. So two-hour delivery is more like giving a comfort that you will get the thing that 
you want, if not immediately, then maybe within two hours or something like that? 
Sujit Mahato: Absolutely, absolutely. Where our stores are physically available, online service is available. So 
that's how we operate online. Where we do not have in a particular pin code, let's say, there is \ 
or in a particular city where we do not have a physical presence, we do not offer online. 
Amish Kanani: Sure, sir. All the best and thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investme nts. Please go 
ahead. 
Raman KV: Hello, sir. Can you hear me? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, please. 
Raman KV: Yeah. I will just  two questions one just with respect to private label. In the opening commentary 
now you mentioned that you have achieved a good mix between branded and private label 
growth and you are looking to focus in the coming year on the private label products. So can we 
expect the initial guidance of growing your private label portfolio, which is both your pharmacy 
and non-pharmacy 1% every quarter? 
Sujit Mahato: No, we do not give such kind of guidance. But yes, as we grow, we had earlier indicated that for 
every 0.3%, we will have a 0.1% impact on the gross margin. For that, I said, yes, that guidance 
still remains. But we do not give guidance on how much we will grow because it has a couple 
of dynamic factors, one being the customers' behaviour; and two, the company's efforts in getting 
more and more assortment and portfolio of products, both on the pharma as well as on the non-
pharma. As we continue to progress, we will keep updating the  market. But as such, we do not 
provide any guidance. 
Raman KV: Okay. Understood. Just a follow-up on this. So about two quarters ba ck, you were like you are 
planning to focus on overall growth of the  on the stores over the growing of only private label, 
aggressively expanding into private label products. So how is the na rrative right now for the 
management? Now also are you sticking towards the overall balance growth? Or are you 
planning to grow aggressively for the Private label. 
Sujit Mahato: No, we will continue to be very balanced in terms of growth because we are being a multi-brand 
retail outlet to continue to offer the full scale of branded products. So we do not want a customer 
who walks in and ask for a particular brand be it on the pharma or non-pharma to say that we do 
not have that. So that behaviour is what the company worke d at in the last couple of quarters. 
And I think we will continue that journey saying that private label will a lso grow, but will 
[[PAGE 15]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 14 of 18 
 
continue to be completely focused and overall growth makes more sense rather than only private 
label because that's been what we have learned in the last couple of years. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi AMC. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: Yeah, hi. Sujit, congratulations on a strong set. Sujit, firstly, I wanted to understan d that the 
SSSG that we have seen this quarter has been probably the strongest in 12, 13 quarters. So is 
there anything that you would have done that you can call out? Because in the middle, you guys 
have tweaked the incentives at the store level to incentivize the employ ees to sell private label, 
then you had rolled that back a little bit. So any color here? 
Sujit Mahato: Aejas, I think while the numbers speak for themselves, we shared our views with you earlier as 
well and with all other participants that really SSSG is not the number which we track. But yes, 
if you see the consequences of certain initiatives which the company has been pursuing, yes, we 
have seen numbers in this range. And that's the reason on an annual basis when other participants 
has asked me what we said at best is what we guided earlier also is 9% to 10% when the numbers 
were very low, if you remember that a few quarters ago. 
 So I think we did not do anything special, if I can answer you  that. What we made in particular 
ensured is the availability of the full assortment of non-pharma prod ucts and pharma products 
wherever possible. And we saw a good uptick in the FMCG products as well, which helped us 
on the overall number. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. Second, Sujit, could you just call out about is it pos sible that you can give the 
franchisee revenues that you have booked for the year? And going forward, is it possible to give 
the breakdown of the store addition owned stores and franchisee stores? 
Sujit Mahato: I'll share with that maybe after this call because I don't have it hand y. But yes, once we reach a 
critical mass, we will again revaluate what amount of subdivisional data we can share absolutely. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And thirdly, Sujit, in terms of  you spoke at the start of the call about your desires 
to improve the PL non-pharma bit. So could you just tell me on thi s front, three elements. One 
is what categories? 
 Second is that any visit to your existing stores feels that there is no  incremental space available 
for storage. So if there is a few of more PL non-pharma products, how do  you intend to create 
incremental store space to manage some of this? And third is the margin profile for typically the 
PL non-pharma, is it  could you just give some colour about how is it compared to PL pharma? 
Sujit Mahato: Sure. So in terms of the categories across every category in a retail store, we are relooking at the 
assortment and wherever possible, either we are bringing in more bran ded stuff or we are 
parallelly evaluating and adding more and more private label new p roducts, be it in edible oils, 
any health sector, any health-related food supplements. So that is one. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Second, what you rightly observed, there are stores where our space is constrained, but there are 
many other stores where we strongly believe that there's enough ro om to add more and more 
products to the same footing. And that's where I think even during  the current year, we have a 
project to, I would say, upgrade or modernize at least 600-plus stores to accommodate more and 
more. So that is smart way of storing the rack system and the pha rma and non-pharma 
demarcation right  which can be serviced from behind the counter and which can be serviced or 
left out in the open. So those are the certain stuff we are again carrying out this year. 
And the last one, what you mentioned I missed your point, what was the questions. 
Aejas Lakhani: Sir, margins. 
Sujit Mahato: Yeah. In terms of the margin profile, for sure, the private label pharma commands a much higher 
margin. The private label non-pharma margins are in the range of 23% to 25% at the gross 
margin level, which are significantly better than the non-pharma branded products, which are in 
the range of maybe 9% to 10%. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And broadly, just one last thing is that has there been any  broad change in your 
acute and chronic mix, say, over the last 2 years or 3 years? 
Sujit Mahato: We have not seen that change yet, Aejas. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. Thanks, and all the best. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: Hi, sir. Thank you for the follow-up. First question is the inventory days that you mentioned in 
our slide deck, right, for more than 12 months and less than 12 m onths. Just a formula check. 
The inventory is what is in our balance sheet, but does the sale or the COGS  is only for the 
COCO store or it includes franchisee or how should we understand? 
Sujit Mahato: The inventory on our balance sheet only relates to COCO stores. Franchisee the date is sold, it 
is their inventory. 
Divyansh Gupta: So when we compute the number of days in the denominator, do we  like-to-like inventory that 
COCO but the denominator… 
Sujit Mahato: In COCO stores. You are right. Here, only COCO stores numbers have been taken on both sides, 
just to clarify. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. That makes that is helpful. Second is you mentioned that, let's say, earlier when we were 
discussing that 9% to 10% is what we get as gross margin when we do a franchisee sale. Right 
now, let's say, 500 stores are there. And if I just take 300 that were done last year and add another 
300 for next year. So about 800 stores out of 6,000-odd some stores becomes franchisee stores. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Now the question is franchisee margin is 9% to 10% for us, whereas COCO will be at 24%. Now 
as this margin for  as a percentage of franchisee store increase, the margin should come down, 
whereas you are expecting the margin to remain similar. So does it mean that the goodness from 
private label increase more or less gets sort of nullified by the increase in franchisee at least at 
the gross margin level. 
Sujit Mahato: So the  just only one point I would like to add so that it is apple- to-apple. What you rightly 
mentioned is gross margin currently is 24% and the store level EBITDA is at the company level, 
11%, right? That level you should compare with 9.5%, 10%. And as th e percentage of private 
label also increases in my franchisee outlets, this will also continue to improve. That's what we 
meant. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. So you're saying EBITDA will remain same. Maybe the gross marg in might show up 
lesser, but you are saving on other cost? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And the last question, GLP products have been launched on o ur, let's say, in our stores. 
What would be the revenue that, let's say, contributed in this quarter? I wa s not there in the 
opening slide if you had mentioned it. 
Sujit Mahato: No, I had not mentioned. I said we are not tracking that immediately. But yes, from an 
availability all the products of all the brands are available at our stores. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And is there a time line for store generic of these products? Or right now, it's going to be 
branded generics only? 
Sujit Mahato: As of now, we have not launched any store level for the GLP-1. But as and when we launch, we 
will surely inform the market. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Got it. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rickanjeet Singh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rickanjeet Singh: Hello. Am I audible, sir? 
Moderator: Yeah. 
Sujit Mahato: Yes, you are audible? 
Rickanjeet Singh: Sir, my question is this, sir. We have  FY26, we have paid an interest of INR120 crores, sir. That 
is a loan of INR1600 crores, sir. What should be the management's thinking about that? Should 
it be reduced or not? 
[[PAGE 18]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sujit Mahato: So this interest that you are seeing in P&L, so this is all related to lease accou nting. And there 
is no external loan in our book. 
Rickanjeet Singh: Okay. 
Sujit Mahato: So that is also being shown under lease liability Ind AS. So, there  are no actual loans in the 
books. It's a zero-debt company. Yes, please say. 
Rickanjeet Singh: So this is interest of INR120 crore? 
Sujit Mahato: It is all about lease accounting where the lease rental is subdivided into interest and depreciation. 
Rickanjeet Singh: Okay. Understood, sir. Going forward will the margin be in double-digit or how it will be, if you 
can give any guidance? 
Sujit Mahato: So we don’t provide guidance, as explained earlier, what we will ensure is to first maintain the 
current level of profitability and then continue to grow. 
Rickanjeet Singh: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Govindarajan Chellappa from CSIM. Plea se go 
ahead/ 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Yeah, Hi. I just had one question. Your warehouse inventory has been continuously improving. 
What is the sustainable level of warehouse inventory, 30 days is what you reported last quarter. 
That seems fairly, you know, industry best. 
Sujit Mahato: I think, Govind this would be in the range of 30 days to 33 days. We have been dabbling, but we 
have not cut out on any tail brands as such. But at a point in time when private label really takes-
off, we will relook at the entire SKUs, which we are carrying. For example, today, as you are 
aware, for every molecule, there are at least 200-plus brands available and  depending on the 
physical locations of our stores, we try to fulfil the demands of those particular pin codes for the 
same molecules which are generated there. 
 And therefore, we are also forced to maintain all the tail brands plus the  MedPlus brand. But a 
point in time, if, let's say, MedPlus reaches 40-plus percent, we wo uld definitely relook at the 
tail brands and maybe reduce a few to reduce this number, which can help us also on the overall 
working capital. But for now, we think we will continue with the same level. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Okay. Sorry, if I could squeeze in one more question. Typically, what is the percentage of returns 
that you give back to pharma companies either because of expiries or damages? And what is the  
how long is it  does it sit as inventory on your books? And how long does the payment come  
does it take for the payment to come back from the pharma companies? 
Sujit Mahato: So generally, it is done only on expiries, returns to the pharma co mpanies, especially on the 
branded products. And it's  I would say, less than a month, we get reimbursed up to 95%. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 MedPlus Health Services Limited 
  May 21, 2026 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Okay. And you know, typically, how long is the inventory hold ing period for you? And what 
proportion of either value of sales or whatever is typically return? I mean would it be 5%, 10%? 
Would it be higher? 
Sujit Mahato: It would be less than 1%, Govind. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: It's less than 1%? 
Sujit Mahato: Yes. 
Govindarajan Chellappa: Okay, thank you. 
Sujit Mahato: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sujit Mahato for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sujit Mahato: I thank all participants on this call for your interest in the MedPlus journ ey. Our Investor 
Relations team can be contacted at ir@medplusindia.com. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of MedPlus Health Services Limited , that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 