[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Date: 3rd September,  2026                    
 
To 
The Manager Listing  
BSE Limited 
5th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 544793 
 
Subject: Submission of Proceedings of the Extra -Ordinary General Meeting held on 
3rd September, 2026 pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the Proceedings of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
(“EGM”) of Susan Electricals India Limited  held today i.e. Thursday, 3 rd September, 2026 at 
3:00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing  (“VC”)/Other Audio -Visual Means  (“OAVM”), to 
transact the business as stated in the EGM Notice. 
 
The Members considered the resolutions as set out in the Notice convening the EGM. 
 
The details of the businesses transacted at the EGM are set out in Annexure-I. 
 
The meeting commenced at 3:00 P.M.(IST) and concluded at 3.35 P.M.(IST). 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
 
 
Reshma Shukla 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A27717 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
Annexure-1 
 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ("EGM") 
held on Thursday, 3rd September, 2026 at 3:00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing 
("VC") / Other Audio-Visual Means ("OAVM") 
 
The Extra -Ordinary General Meeting ("EGM"/"Meeting") of the Members of Susan 
Electricals India Limited ("the Company") was duly convened and held on Thursday, 3rd  
September, 2026 through Video Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio -Visual Means 
("OAVM") in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the rules made thereunder. The Meeting commenced at 3:00 P.M. (IST) and concluded at 
3.35 P.M. (IST). 
 
Mr. Vishal Jain, Managing Director, chaired the Meeting. Mr s. Reshma Shukla, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer , conducted the proceedings of the Meeting through 
Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means in accordance with the applicable 
circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 
 
 
DIRECTORS PRESENT 
 
S. No. Name Designation 
1. Mr. Vishal Jain Chairman and Managing Director 
2. Mr. Vinod Kumar Pujari Whole time Director 
3. Mr. Lalit Sharma Whole time Director 
4. Mrs. Sonal Jain Independent Director 
5. Mr. Sushil Kumar Poddar Independent Director 
6. Mr. Charan Singh  Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director 
 
  
[page 3]
 
 
IN ATTENDANCE 
 
S. No. Name Designation 
1. Mr. Ved Prakash Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
2. Mrs. Reshma Shukla Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
3. Mr. Deepak Chauhan Scrutinizer 
4. Mr. S R Varshney, Partner of  
M/s. S A R B & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants  
Statutory Auditors 
 
Since the requisite quorum in terms of Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013 was 
present, the Meeting was declared duly constituted and open for the transaction of 
business. The Notice convening the Meeting was taken as read with the consent of the 
Members present and the statutory registers and documents referred to therein were 
made available electronically for inspection by the Members during the course of the 
Meeting. 
 
Mr. Vishal Jain, Managing Director , welcomed the Members and briefed them on the 
objective of the Meeting, namely, to seek the approval of the Members for three items.   
 
The Chairman explained that the SEIL ESOP 2026 had been framed in conformity with 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the  SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 . Under the proposed Plan, 
approval was sought for the creation and grant of up to  2,04,000 (Two Lakh Four 
Thousand) Employee Stock Options , each exercisable into one fully paid -up Equity 
Share of the Company having a face value of Rs. 10/- each, subject to the terms and 
conditions set out in the Plan. 
 
The Chairman also apprised the Members that the Equity Shares of the Company were 
successfully listed on the  BSE SME Platform on 18 th June, 2026 marking a significant 
milestone in the Company's journey. 
 
The Chairman of the meeting, Mr. Vishal Jain, Managing Director,  thereafter addressed 
the Members, thanking the shareholders, investors, business partners and employees for 
their continued trust and support and endorsed both proposals concerning SEIL ESOP 
[page 4]
 
 
2026 requesting the Members to extend their support and approve the Special 
Resolutions placed before them. 
 
It was further informed to the Members that, in compliance with the provisions of Section 
108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the applicable circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Company had provided the facility to the 
Members to exercise their right to vote by electronic means on the resolutions proposed 
to be passed at the EGM, through remote e -voting (via NSDL) as well as e -voting during 
the Meeting. 
 
The remote e -voting facility was made available to the Members from Monday, 31st 
August, 2026  at 9:00 A.M. (IST) to Wednesday, 2nd September, 2026 5:00 P.M. (IST). 
Members who had already cast their votes through remote e -voting were not permitted 
to vote again through e-voting during the Meeting. Members attending the EGM through 
VC/OAVM who had not cast their votes through remote e -voting were permitted to ca st 
their votes through the e -voting facility available during the Meeting, which remained 
open for fifteen (15) minutes following the conclusion of the Meeting. 
 
It was further informed that all efforts, as required, had been made by the Company to 
enable Members to participate and vote on the items being considered at the Meeting, in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Rules m ade 
thereunder, and the relevant MCA Circulars.  
 
As the Meeting was convened through VC/OAVM, the following Special Business had 
already been put to vote through remote e -voting and, accordingly, the requirement of 
proposing and seconding the Resolutions was not applicable: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
S. No. Particulars of Resolutions Type of 
Resolution 
1 Approval of the Susan Electricals India Limited - Employees 
Stock Option Plan, 2026 (‘SEIL ESOP 2026’ or ‘ESOP 2026’ or 
‘Plan’ 
Special 
Resolution 
2 Approval for extending the benefits of Susan Electricals India 
Limited- Employees Stock Option Plan 2026 (‘SEIL -ESOP 
Special 
Resolution 
[page 5]
 
 
S. No. Particulars of Resolutions Type of 
Resolution 
2026’ or ‘ESOP 2026’ or ‘Plan’ to the employees of the Holding 
Company, Subsidiary Company(ies), Associate Company(ies) 
and Group Company(ies), whether existing or future 
3. Appointment of Mr. Charan Singh (DIN: 09238002), 
Additional Director as a Non-Executive and Non-Independent 
Director  
Special 
Resolution 
 
Thereafter, it was informed that the Members who had not cast their votes through 
remote e -voting could cast their votes through the e -voting platform, which remained 
open for fifteen (15) minutes after the conclusion of the Meeting. It was further informed 
that upon completion of the voting process, the votes cast through remote e -voting and 
e-voting during the Meeting would be scrutinized and the consolidated voting results 
would be declared in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and placed on the website of the Company and of NSDL, and submitted to BSE Limited. 
 
There being no further business to transact, Mr. Vishal Jain, Managing Director on behalf 
of the Board of Directors, thanked all the Members, Directors and invitees for their 
gracious participation and, with the permission of the Chair, declared the proceedings of 
the Meeting as concluded. 
 
The Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of Susan Electricals India Limited was concluded on 
3rd September, 2026 at 3.35 P.M. (IST) with a vote of thanks. 
 
The above information is furnished as disclosure of the outcome/proceedings of the 
Meeting by the Company in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
 
 
Reshma Shukla 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A27717 
 