[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Date: 16.09.2026 
To 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
25th Floor, PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 544793  
SYMBOL: SUSAN  
ISIN: INE2L0V01019 
 
Subject:  Outcome of the Meeting of the Board of Directors held on 16th September, 2026 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, we would like to inform you that the Board of Directors of Susan 
Electricals India Limited (“Company”) at its meeting held today i.e. Wednesday, 16th September, 2026 inter 
alia considered and approved the following: 
 
1. Purchase of land situated at Mauza Jaunmani, District Baghpat, Uttar Pradesh  for a proposed 
consideration of approximately INR 22,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Two Crore Only) for expansion of 
the Company's manufacturing facilities/capacity and business operations  on such terms and conditions 
as may be mutually agreed upon and considered appropriate in the interest of the Company. The requisite 
details of the proposed transaction pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are set out in Annexure-A. 
 
2. Approval of the Cost Audit Report for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2026 recommended by 
the Audit Committee of the Board, as prepared by the Cost Auditors of the Company in accordance with 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder. 
 
The Board Meeting concluded at 3.40 P.M. (IST). 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
 
 
Reshma Shukla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M.No. A-27717 
  
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
Annexure – A 
 
Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015: 
 
S. No. Particulars Details 
  
1. Name of the entity / person from whom the 
land is proposed to be acquired and details 
in brief 
Mr. Parveen Kumar Jain S/o Mr. Sudershan Lal 
Jain.  
 
The Company proposes to purchase land 
situated at Mauza Jaunmani, District Baghpat, 
Uttar Pradesh. 
  
2. Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether the 
promoter/promoter group/group companies 
have any interest in the entity from whom 
the land is proposed to be acquired? If yes, 
nature of interest and details thereof and  
whether the same is done at “arm's length” 
  
The seller is not related to the Company, its 
Promoter/Promoter Group, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel and the proposed 
transaction does not constitute a Related Party 
Transaction. 
3. Area of land 
 
Approximately 1.96 Hectare 
4. Relationship with the Company / Promoter 
/ Promoter Group 
 
None 
5. Industry to which the entity being acquired 
belongs 
Not Applicable, as the transaction relates to 
purchase of land and not acquisition of an entity 
  
6. Objects and effects of acquisition The proposed acquisition is being undertaken 
for expansion of the Company's manufacturing 
facilities/capacity and business operations 
  
7. Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition 
The transaction shall be subject to obtaining 
such statutory, regulatory and other 
approvals/permissions, if any, as may be 
applicable for purchase and registration of the 
land. 
  
8. Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition 
The proposed transaction is expected to be 
completed within such period as may be 
mutually agreed between the parties, subject to 
[page 3]
 
 
 
 
completion of applicable legal, statutory and 
registration formalities 
  
9. Nature of consideration – whether cash 
consideration or share swap and details of 
the same 
  
Cash consideration. 
10. Cost of acquisition / consideration Estimated/proposed consideration of 
approximately INR 22,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Twenty Two Crore only). 
  
11. Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and/or number of shares acquired 
Not Applicable, as the transaction relates to 
purchase of land and does not involve 
acquisition of shares or control in an entity. 
  
12. Brief background about the entity acquired Not Applicable as the transaction relates to 
acquisition of land and not acquisition of an 
entity 
  
 