[page 1]
 
 
NOTICE 
 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ('EGM’) OF THE MEMBERS 
OF SUSAN ELECTRICALS INDIA LIMITED WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, 3
RD  SEPTEMBER, 2026 AT 
3:00 P.M. (IST) SCHEDULED TO BE HELD THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING/OTHER AUDIO-VISUAL 
MEANS TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
Item No. 1: To approve Susan Electricals India Limi ted- Employees Stock Option Plan, 2026 (‘SEIL 
ESOP 2026’ or ‘ESOP 2026’ or ‘Plan’) 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or w ithout modifications, the following resolution as a  Special 
Resolution : 
 
"RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act") 
and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Ru les, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Act, including any statutory modification(s) or re‐enactment thereof for the time being in force a nd in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum an d Articles of Association of the Company and the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 ("SBEB & SE Regulations") (including any statutory modification(s) or re‐
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with circulars / guidelines issue d by 
SEBI, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requ irements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations")  
and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, Circulars / guidelines for the time being in force, and from 
time to time applicable and subject to any such other consents, permissions, sanctions and approvals of any 
authorities as may be required, and subject to any such condition(s) or modification(s), if any, as ma y be 
prescribed or imposed by such authorities while gra nting such approval(s), and subject to acceptance of 
such condition(s) or modification(s) by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as "the 
Board" which term shall be deemed to include any committee including the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (“Compensation Committee”) which the board has constituted to exercise its powers including the 
powers conferred by the resolution), the consent of  the Members be and is hereby accorded to the 
Compensation Committee to create, issue and grant n ot exceeding 2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand) 
employee stock options (hereinafter referred to as the “Options”), in one or more tranches, from time to time, 
to or for the benefit of such person(s) who are in the employment or service of the Company (together with the 
stock options proposed to be created / offered / issued / allotted to present and future, in or outside India, 
including any director who is in whole‐time employment (other than employees / directors who are promoters 
or belonging to the promoter group, independent / non‐executive directors and directors holding directly or 
indirectly more than ten percent of the outstanding equity shares of the Company), subject to their eligibility as 
may be determined under the ESOP 2026, which upon exercise shall not exceed in aggregate 2,04,000 (Two 
Lakhs Four Thousand)  equity shares (“Shares”) having a face value of Rs. 10/‐ (Rupees Ten Only) each fully 
paid‐up of the Company, where one Option upon exercise shall entitle the Option Grantee to one Equity Share, 
exercise subject to payment / recovery of requisite  exercise price and applicable taxes, on such terms , 
conditions and in such manner as the Board / Compensation Committee may decide in accordance with the 
[page 2]
 
 
provisions of the applicable laws and the provisions of the Plan.”  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, buy‐back 
of shares, split or consolidation of shares etc. of the Company, the number of Options shall be appropriately 
adjusted. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the new Equity Shares to be issued and allotted by the Company upon 
exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the Plan shall rank pari‐passu in all respects with 
the then existing Equity Shares of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are either  sub‐divided or 
consolidated, then the number of equity shares to b e issued and allotted on exercise of Options grante d 
under the ESOP 2026 and the exercise price of Optio ns granted under the ESOP 2026 shall automatically 
stand augmented or reduced, as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of Rs . 
10/‐ (Rupees Ten only) per equity share bears to the revised face value of the equity shares of the Company 
after such sub‐division or consolidation, without affecting any other rights or obligations of the employees 
who have been granted Stock Options under the ESOP 2026. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the number of Stock Options that may be granted to identified Employees, 
during any one year, under the Plan shall not excee d 1% of the total issued Equity Share Capital in a 
financial year (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company as at the time of grant  
of options except prior approval from shareholders by way of separate resolution in the general meeting. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company’s Nomination and Remuneration Committee be designated as 
the Compensation Committee in accordance with Regul ation 5(1) of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations for 
the purposes of administration of ESOP 2026. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the Board, t he ‘Compensation 
Committee’ is authorised to formulate, evolve, decide upon and implement the ESOP 2026, determine the 
detailed terms and conditions of the aforementioned ESOP 2026 including but not limited to formalizing 
the eligibility criteria, appraisal process, identi fication of Employees, quantum of the Options to be  
granted per employee, the number of Options to be g ranted in each tranche, the terms or combination of 
terms subject to which the said Options are to be g ranted, the exercise period, the vesting period, th e 
vesting conditions, the method to be used for valuation of Options and the procedure for making a fair and 
reasonable adjustment to the number of Options and to the Exercise Price in case of change in capital 
structure, obtaining permissions, etc. and as the Compensation Committee may in its absolute discretion 
think fit. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board/ Compensation Committee is hereby authori sed to make any 
modifications, changes, variations, alterations or revisions in the ESOP 2026 as it may deem fit, from time 
to time or to suspend, withdraw, revive or terminat e ESOP 2026, from time to time, in conformity with 
applicable laws, provided such variations, modifica tions, alterations or revisions are not detrimental  to 
the interests of the Employees. 
 
[page 3]
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the accounting policies prescribed from time 
to time under the Companies Act, 2013 and any other  applicable laws and regulations to the extent 
relevant and applicable to the Plan. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Stock Options that have lapsed either by reason  of non‐vesting / non‐
exercise be added to the Pool for future grants.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board/ Compensation Committee shall take necess ary steps for listing 
of the Equity Shares allotted under the ESOP 2026 o n the Stock Exchanges, where the Shares of the 
Company are listed in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, the SEBI LODR 
Regulations and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary, expedient or proper and to settle all qu estions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in r elation 
to formulation and implementation of the ESOP 2026,  at any stage including at the time of listing of t he 
equity shares issued herein without requiring the B oard to secure any further consent or approval of t he 
Members of the Company to the end and intent that t hey shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this Resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate a ll or any powers 
conferred herein to the Compensation Committee or s uch other Committees, with power to sub‐delegate 
to any Executives / Officers of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as also to execute 
such documents, writings etc., as may be necessary in this regard." 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby authorised to take requ isite steps for listing of 
the Shares allotted under the Plan on the BSE Limited and or any other stock exchanges where the Shares 
of the Company are listed in due compliance with SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and other applicable laws.” 
 
Item No. 2: To Approve extending the benefits of Susan Electricals India Limited- Employees Stock 
Option Plan 2026 (‘SEIL-ESOP 2026’ or ‘ESOP 2026’ or ‘ Plan’ to the employees of the Holding 
Company, Subsidiary Company(ies), Associate Company (ies) and Group Company(ies), whether 
existing or future: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or w ithout modifications, the following resolution as a  Special 
Resolution : 
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section  62 (1) (b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act") 
and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Ru les, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Act, including any statutory modification(s) or re‐enactment thereof for the time being in force a nd in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum an d Articles of Association of the Company and the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 ("SBEB & SE Regulations") (including any statutory modification(s) or re‐
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with circulars / guidelines issue d by 
[page 4]
 
 
SEBI, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requ irements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations")  
and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, Circulars / guidelines for the time being in force, and from 
time to time applicable and subject to any such other consents, permissions, sanctions and approvals of any 
authorities as may be required, and subject to any such condition(s) or modification(s), if any, as ma y be 
prescribed or imposed by such authorities while gra nting such approval(s), and subject to acceptance of 
such condition(s) or modification(s) by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as "the 
Board" which term shall be deemed to include any committee including the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (“Compensation Committee”) which the board has constituted to exercise its powers including 
the powers conferred by the resolution), the consen t of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the 
Compensation Committee to grant, vest and allot, from time to time and in one or more tranches, Option s 
under the "SEIL ESOP, 2026” the salient features of which are detailed in the Explanatory Statement to this 
Notice to or for the benefit of such person(s) who are in the employment of the Company’s holding, subsidiary, 
associates and group companies, existing and future (together with the Equity Shares proposed to be created / 
offered / issued / allotted for the benefit of such persons who are in employment of the Company in terms of 
ESOP 2026), whether working in India or out of India, including its directors, whether Whole‐time Director or 
not, but excluding Promoter, Promoter group, Indepe ndent Director(s) and Director(s) holding directly or 
indirectly more than 10% of the outstanding Equity Shares of the Company and to such other persons as 
may be decided by the Compensation Committee and/or  permitted under SBEB & SE Regulations 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Eligible Employees") selected on the basis of criteria decided by the 
Compensation Committee under the ESOP 2026, such number of stock options convertible into Equity Shares 
of the Company ("Options"), in one or more tranches , not exceeding 2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand)  
employee stock options (hereinafter referred to as the “Options”, which upon exercise shall not exceed  in 
aggregate 2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand)  equity shares (“Shares”) having a face value of Rs. 10/‐  
(Rupees Ten Only) each fully paid‐up of the Company , at such price and on such terms and conditions, a s 
may be fixed or determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the ESOP 2026, and in due 
compliance with the SBEB & SE Regulations and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Equity Shares to be allotted pursuant to the e xercise of Options granted 
under the ESOP 2026 to the eligible employees of the Holding Company, Subsidiary Company(ies), Associate 
Company(ies) and Group Company(ies), as may be applicable, shall be allotted out of the aggregate limit of 
2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand)   Equity Shares already approved by the Members under the ESOP 2026, 
and no additional Equity Shares shall be created or issued pursuant to this Resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the new Equity Shares to be issued and allotted by the Company upon 
exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the Plan shall rank pari‐passu in all respects with 
the then existing Equity Shares of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are either  sub‐divided or 
consolidated, then the number of equity shares to b e issued and allotted on exercise of Options grante d 
under the ESOP 2026 and the exercise price of Optio ns granted under the ESOP 2026 shall automatically 
stand augmented or reduced, as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of Rs . 
10/‐ (Rupees Ten only) per equity share bears to the revised face value of the equity shares of the Company 
after such sub‐division or consolidation, without affecting any other rights or obligations of the employees 
[page 5]
 
 
who have been granted Stock Options under the ESOP 2026. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the accounting policies prescribed from time 
to time under the Companies Act, 2013 and any other  applicable laws and regulations to the extent 
relevant and applicable to the Plan. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  subject to applicable law, for the purpose of givi ng effect to any creation, 
offer, issue, allotment or listing of the Equity Shares, the Board / Compensation Committee be and is hereby 
authorised on behalf of the Company to evolve, deci de upon and bring into effect the Scheme and make 
any modifications, changes, variations, alterations  or revisions in the Scheme from time to time or to  
suspend, withdraw or revive the Scheme from time to time as may be specified by any statutory authority 
or otherwise and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit 
or necessary or desirable for such purpose and with  power on behalf of the Company to resolve any 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in  this regard without requiring the Board to secure any 
further consent or approval of the Shareholders of the Company.” 
 
Item No. 3:  To Regularize Mr. Charan Singh (DIN: 09238002) as a  Non – Executive & Non- 
Independent Director of the Company: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 152, 160 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with th e Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re – enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force, if any), and pursuant to the applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) R egulations, 2015, including any modification(s) or 
amendment(s) thereof, subject to the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
Board of Directors, the consent of the members of t he Company be and is hereby accorded to regularize 
Mr. Charan Singh (DIN: 09238002), who was appointed  as an Additional Director (Non – Executive and 
Non – Independent Director) of the Company with eff ect from 7
th  August, 2026 under Section 161 of the 
Act, to hold the office up to the date of the ensui ng General Meeting of the Company or the last date on 
which such General Meeting should have been held, w hichever is earlier, liable to retire by rotation w ith 
immediate effect.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr Vishal Jain, Managing Director and/or Mrs Reshm a Shukla, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matter(s) and things including signing  and filing of an intimation in e form DIR‐12 with the 
Registrar of Companies.” 
By Order of the Board 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
Date: 7
th  August, 2026 
Place: New Delhi 
Vishal Jain 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01889925 
[page 6]
 
 
NOTES:  
 
1.  The relevant Statement pursuant to the provisions o f Section 100 and 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) and the Companies (Management and Administr ation) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), as amended, setting 
out the material facts relating to the aforesaid Re solution and the reasons thereof is annexed hereto and 
forms part of this Notice. 
 
2.  The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide  its General Circular dated September 22, 2025 read  
together with circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 8 , 
2021, December 14, 2021, May 5, 2022, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023 and September 19, 2024 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), perm itted convening the Extra‐Ordinary General Meeting 
(“EGM” / “Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC ”) or Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without 
physical presence of the members at a common venue. In accordance with the MCA Circulars and applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made thereunder and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Di sclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), the EGM of the Company is being held  through VC / OAVM. The deemed venue for the EGM 
shall be the registered office of the Company. 
 
3.  In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act read with aforesaid MCA Circulars, the EGM of the 
Company is being held through VC/OAVM. 
 
4.  Pursuant to the provisions of section 105 of the Companies Act, 2013, a Member entitled to attend and vote 
at the EGM is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend  and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a 
Member of the Company. Since this EGM is being held  pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC/OAVM, 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, pursuant to the MCA Circulars, the 
facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for this EGM and hence, the Proxy 
Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. 
 
5.  Institutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals/HUF, etc.) are required to send a scanned 
copy (PDF Format) of its Board or Governing body Re solution/Authorization, etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies), au thorizing its representative to attend this EGM thr ough 
VC / OAVM on its behalf and to vote through remote e‐voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be 
sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its regist ered email address to 
dcassociates.cs@gmail.com  with a 
copy marked to cs@seil.net.in . 
 
6.  The Members can join the EGM in the VC / OAVM mode 30 minutes before and after the scheduled time of 
the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.  
 
7.  The Members attending the EGM through VC / OAVM sha ll be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 
 
8.  Since the EGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice. 
 
9.  The relevant Registers and all other documents referred to in this Notice will be available for inspection by 
[page 7]
 
 
the Members without any fee, at the Registered Offi ce of the Company during normal business hours on 
any working day (except Saturday and Sunday) and al so during the Meeting. The Members can send a 
request to the Company at cs@seil.net.in  in inspect the same. 
 
10.  To support the “Green Initiative”, Members who have  not registered their e‐mail addresses are requeste d 
to register the same with the Company’s Registrar a nd Transfer Agent, Mudra RTA Ventures Private 
Limited / their Depository Participants, in respect of shares held in physical / electronic mode, respectively.  
 
11.  In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, Not ice of the EGM is being sent only through electroni c 
mode to all the Members whose e‐mail addresses are registered with the Depositories and the same is also 
available on the website of the Company at https://seil.net.in/ . The Notice of EGM can also be accessed on 
the website of the BSE at www.bseindia.com, respect ively, and website of National Securities Depositor y 
Limited (“NSDL”) at www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
 
12.  Process for Registration of e‐mail addresses:  
 
A.  Registration of e‐mail address permanently with DP: 
 
Members are requested to register the e‐mail addres s with their concerned DPs, in respect of electroni c 
holding. Further, those Members who have already registered their e‐mail addresses are requested to keep 
their e‐mail addresses validated/ updated with thei r DPs to enable servicing of notices/ documents and  
other communications electronically to their e‐mail address in future.  
 
Members who have not yet registered their e‐mail addresses are requested to register the same with their 
DP in case the shares are held by them in electronic form.  
 
13.  Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e‐mail address, 
telephone / mobile numbers, Permanent Account Numbe r (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of 
attorney, etc., to their DP if the shares are held by them in electronic form.  
 
14.  Instructions for e‐voting and joining the EGM throu gh VC/OAVM are as follows: 
a.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as ame nded) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the various Circulars issued 
by the MCA and SEBI, the Company is providing facility of remote e‐voting to its Members in respect of the 
business to be transacted at the EGM. For this purp ose, the Company has entered into an agreement with  
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for f acilitating voting through electronic means, as the  
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by  a member using remote e‐voting system as well as e ‐
voting on the day of the EGM will be provided by NSDL. 
b.  The remote e‐voting period commences on Monday, Aug ust 31, 2026 (9:00 A.M. IST) and ends on 
Wednesday, September 02, 2026 (5:00 P.M. IST). Duri ng this period, Members holding shares either in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on Thur sday, August 27, 2026 i.e. cut‐off date, may cast t heir 
[page 8]
 
 
vote electronically. 
The e‐voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Members have the option to cast their 
vote on any of the resolutions using the remote e‐v oting facility, either during the period 
commencing from Monday, August 31, 2026 (9:00 A.M. IST) and ending on Wednesday, September 02, 
2026 (5:00 P.M. IST) or e‐voting during the EGM. Me mbers who have voted on some of the resolutions 
during the said voting period are also eligible to vote on the remaining resolutions during the EGM. 
c.  The Members who have cast their vote by remote e‐voting prior to the EGM may also attend/participate in 
the EGM through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote on such resolution again. 
d.  The voting rights of members shall be in proportion  to their shares in the paid‐up equity share capita l of 
the Company as on the cut‐off date. 
e.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non‐ individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the  
Company and becomes a Member of the Company after s ending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
cut‐off date, may obtain the User ID and Password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com . However, if 
he/she is already registered with NSDL for remote e‐voting then he/ she can use his/her existing User ID 
and Password for casting the vote. In case of indiv idual shareholders holding securities in dematerialized 
mode and who acquires shares of the Company and bec omes a Member of the Company after sending of 
the Notice and holding shares as of the cut‐off date may follow steps mentioned below under “Login method 
for remote e‐voting and joining virtual meeting for  individual shareholders holding securities in 
dematerialized mode.” 
f.  The details of the process and manner for remote e‐ voting are explained herein below: 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e‐voting sys tem consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below:  
Step 1: Access to NSDL e‐voting system  
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e‐voting system. 
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below:  
A.  Login method for remote e‐voting and joining the vi rtual meeting and joining the virtual meeting for 
individual shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode: 
Pursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on “e‐voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies”, e‐voting pr ocess has been enabled to all the individual demat 
account holders, by way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/websites of Depositories/ 
DPs to increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual demat account holders would be able to cast 
their vote without having to register again with th e e‐voting service provider (“ESP”) thereby not onl y 
facilitating seamless authentication but also ease and convenience of participating in e‐voting proces s. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile num ber and e‐mail ID with their DPs to access e‐voting  
facility. 
 
Login method for individual shareholders holding se curities in dematerialized mode is given below: 
 
[page 9]
 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
Login method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
 securities in 
dematerialized mode 
with NSDL 
I.  For OTP based login you can click 
on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp . You will 
have to enter your 8‐digit DP ID,8‐digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and 
click on login. After successful authentication, yo u will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e‐Voting page. Click on company name or 
e‐Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be  
redirected to e‐Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
 remote e‐Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
 NSDL IDeAS Facility 
If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, 
 Please visit the e‐services website of NSDL. Open w eb browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on a personal computer or on 
a mobile. 
 Once the home page of e‐services is launched, click on the ‘Beneficial Owner’ icon 
under ‘Login’ which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. 
 A new screen will open. You will have to enter your user ID and password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e‐voting services. 
 Click on ‘Access to e‐voting’ under e‐voting servic es and you will be able to see 
e‐voting page. 
 Click on options available against company name or e‐voting service provider – 
NSDL and you will be redirected to the NSDL e‐votin g website for casting your 
vote during the remote e‐voting period or voting during the meeting. 
If the user is not registered for IDeAS e‐Services, 
 The option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com . 
 Select ‘Register Online for IDeAS’ or click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 Upon successful registration, please follow steps given in points 1‐5 above. 
 E‐voting website of NSDL 
 Visit the e‐voting website of NSDL. Open web browse r by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a personal computer or on a 
mobile. 
 Once the home page of e‐voting system is launched, click on the ‘Login’ icon 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 A new screen will open. You will have to enter your  user ID (i.e. your 16‐digit 
[page 10]
 
 
demat account number hold with NSDL), password/OTP and a verification code 
as shown on the screen. 
 After successful authentication, you will be redire cted to NSDL depository site 
wherein you can see e‐voting page. Click on options  available against company 
name or e‐voting service provider – NSDL and you wi ll be redirected to the e‐
voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during  the remote e‐voting period 
or voting during the meeting. 
 5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobi le App “NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 
 
 
 
Individual 
shareholders holding 
securities in 
dematerialized mode 
with CDSL 
 Existing Users who have opted for Easi/Easiest faci lity, they can login through 
their user ID and password. Option will be made available to reach e‐voting page 
without any further authentication. The URL for use rs to login to Easi/ Easiest 
are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login  or visit www.cdslindia.com  
and click on New System Myeasi.  
 After successful login of Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e‐voting menu. 
The menu will have links of e‐voting service provider. Click to cast your vote. 
 If the user is not registered for Easi/ Easiest, op tion to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration . 
 Alternatively, the user can directly access e‐votin g page by providing demat 
account number and PAN number from a link in www.cdslindia.com  home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OT P on registered mobile & 
email as recorded in the demat account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e‐voting option where the e‐voting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e‐voting 
service providers. 

[page 11]
 
 
Individual 
shareholders (holding 
securities in 
 dematerialized 
mode) login through 
their DPs 
 You can also login using the login credentials of y our demat account through 
your depository participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e‐voting facility. 
 Once logged in, you will be able to see e‐Voting option. Once you click on e‐voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Deposit ory site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e‐voting feature. 
 Click on company name or e‐voting service provider name and you will be 
redirected to e‐voting service provider website for casting your vote during 
 the remote e‐voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. 
Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forgot 
User details/Password option available at respective websites. 
Helpdesk for individual shareholders holding securi ties in dematerialized mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding 
 securities  in  Demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can con tact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com  or call at 022 ‐ 
4886 7000.  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any 
 technical issue  in  login  can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or 
contact at toll free no. 1800‐21‐09911 
B.  Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log‐in to NSDL e‐Voting website? 
1.  Visit  the  e‐Voting  website  of  NSDL.  Open  web  browser  by  typing  the  following  URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com / either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2.  Once the home page of e‐Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your  User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code  
as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log‐in at https://eservices.nsdl.com / 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log‐in to NSDL eservices after using your log‐in credentials, click on 
e‐Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
 
[page 12]
 
 
4.  Your User ID details are given below: 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client I D is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your 
user ID is 12************** 
 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
1.  Password details for shareholders other than Indivi dual shareholders are given below: 
a)  If you are already registered for e‐Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your 
vote. 
b)  If you are using NSDL e‐Voting system for the first  time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial passw ord’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve yo ur ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initi al 
password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c)  How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i)  If your email ID is registered in your demat accoun t or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the ema il sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open 
the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file.  Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is 
your 8‐digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii)  If your email ID is not registered, please follow s teps mentioned below in process for those sharehold ers 
whose email ids are not registered 
2.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password: 
d)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
e)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
f)  If you are still unable to get the password by afor esaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc. 
[page 13]
 
 
g)  Members can also use the OTP based login for castin g the votes on the e‐Voting system of NSDL. 
3.  After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
4.  Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
5.  After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of  e‐Voting will open. 
 
Details on Step 2 are given below: 
HOW TO CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY AND JOIN GENER AL MEETING ON NSDL E‐VOTING 
SYSTEM:  
1.  After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are ho lding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2.  Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast  your vote during the remote e‐Voting period and 
casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” 
link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
3.  Now you are ready for e‐Voting as the Voting page o pens. 
4.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e . assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of sh ares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5.  Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfu lly” will be displayed. 
6.  You can also take the printout of the votes cast by  you by clicking on the print option on the confirm ation 
page. 
7.  Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
B.  Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring User 
id and password and registration of e‐mail ids for e‐voting for the resolution set out in this Notice 
a)  If you are a Shareholder holding shares in physical  mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder , 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and ba ck), PAN (self‐attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self‐attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by an email cs@seil.net.in . 
b)   If you are a Non‐Individual Shareholder viz. Insti tutions and Corporate Shareholders holding shares i n 
demat mode, please provide DPID‐CLID (16 digit DPID  + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client 
master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self‐attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self‐attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by an email to cs@seil.net.in . 
c)   Alternatively, shareholder/members may also send a  request to evoting@nsdl.com  for procuring User id 
and password for e‐voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
d)   If you are an Individual shareholder holding secur ities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the 
login method explained at step 1 (I) i.e. Login method for e‐Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
 
C.  Instructions for Members for attending the EGM through VC / OAVM 
 
i.  Member will be provided with a facility to attend t he EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e‐voting 
system. Members may access the same by following th e steps mentioned above for “Access to NSDL e‐
[page 14]
 
 
voting system”. After successful login, you can see  link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting”  
menu against the Company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under “Join Meeting” 
menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Sha reholder/Member login where the EVEN of the 
Company will be displayed. Please note that the mem bers who do not have the User ID and Password for 
e‐voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password  may retrieve the same by following the remote e‐
voting instructions mentioned above in the Notice to avoid last minute rush. 
 
ii.  Members can participate in EGM through Laptop / Des ktop / Mobile devices, however, for better 
experience and smooth participation, it is advisable to join the Meeting through Laptops connected through 
broadband. Further, the Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to 
avoid any disturbance during the Meeting. Please note that Participants connecting from Mobile devices or 
Tablets or through Laptops connecting via Mobile Ho tspot may experience Audio / Video loss due to 
fluctuation in their respective network.  It is, th erefore, recommended to use stable Wi‐Fi or LAN 
connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
iii.  Members who would like to express their views or ask questions during the EGM may register themselves 
as a speaker by sending their request from their re gistered email address mentioning their name, DP ID  
and Client ID/Folio number, PAN, mobile number at cs@seil.net.in  between August 12, 2026 (9:00 a.m.) to 
August 30, 2026 (5:00 p.m.). Those Members who have  registered themselves as a speaker will only be 
allowed to express their views/ask questions during  the EGM. The Company reserves the right to restric t 
the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the EGM. 
 
D.  General Information for the Members 
 
i.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non‐ individual shareholder, who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes member of the Company after the notice is sent through e‐mail and holding shares 
as of the cut‐off date i.e. August 07, 2026, may ob tain the login ID and password by sending a request  at  
evoting@nsdl.com  or at cs@seil.net.in. However, if you are already registered with NSDL f or remote e‐
voting, then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your 
password, you can reset your password by using “For got User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset 
Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on toll free no. 022‐48867000. In case of 
Individual Shareholder holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut‐off date i.e. 
August 04, 2026 may follow steps mentioned in the N otice of this EGM under “Access to NSDL e‐Voting 
system”. 
ii.  It is strongly recommended that you do not share yo ur password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to t he e‐voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct passwor d. In such an event, you 
 will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/P assword?” or “Physical 
 User Reset Password?” option available on www.evot ing.nsdl.com to reset the 
password. 
iii.  The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, will first count the vot es cast 
at the meeting and, thereafter, unblock the votes c ast through remote e‐voting in the presence of atle ast 
two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and shall not later than three days of the conclusion 
[page 15]
 
 
of the meeting, issue a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against , if any, 
to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in wr iting who shall countersign the same. The Chairman 
or a person authorized by him in writing shall declare the Result of the voting forthwith. 
iv.  The Results declared, along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, will be posted after the declaration of the  same 
by the Chairman on the Company’s website at  https://seil.net.in/ , on the website of the BSE Limited at 
www.bseindia.com  and also on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com . The Results shall also be 
displayed on the Notice Board at the Registered Office of the Company. 
v.  In case you have any queries or issues regarding re mote e‐voting, you may write to the Company at  
cs@seil.net.in. Members can also refer the Frequently Asked Questi ons (FAQs) for Shareholders and e‐
voting user manual for Shareholders available at th e download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com. or call  
at.: 022 ‐ 4886 7000 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.com . 
 
By Order of the Board 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
Date: 07th  August, 2026 
Place: New Delhi 
 
Vishal Jain 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01889925 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 16]
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
   ITEM NO. 1 and 2 
 
Approval for Grant of Employee Stock Options to Eli gible Employees under SEIL ESOP, 2026 to the 
eligible employees of the Company under SEIL ESOP, 2026 (“ESOP 2026” or “Plan”) 
 
The Board of Directors of Susan Electricals India Limited  (" Company ") at its meeting held on 07
th  
August, 2026 , acting on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee , has 
approved the introduction of the Susan Electricals India Limited – Employee Stock Option Plan, 2026 
("SEIL ESOP, 2026" or the "Scheme") , subject to the approval of the Members of the Company by way of 
a Special Resolution. 
 
The Scheme has been formulated with the objective o f recognising, rewarding and retaining talented 
employees whose continued efforts contribute signif icantly to the growth and long‐term success of the 
Company. The Board believes that providing equity‐b ased incentives encourages employee engagement, 
enhances commitment towards the Company's strategic  objectives and enables eligible employees to 
participate in the Company's future value creation.  The Scheme is also intended to foster a culture of  
ownership by aligning the interests of employees with those of the shareholders. 
 
Employee stock option plans have become an established component of compensation structures adopted 
by companies across various industries. Such plans serve as an effective mechanism for attracting and 
retaining skilled professionals while incentivising sustained performance and promoting long‐term valu e 
creation. Considering these objectives, the Board c onsiders it appropriate to implement the SEIL ESOP, 
2026  for the benefit of eligible employees of the Compa ny and, where permissible under applicable laws, 
eligible employees of its Holding Company, Subsidiary Company(ies) and Associate Company(ies). 
 
The Scheme has been formulated in accordance with t he provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 , the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based  Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021  (" SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations "), and other applicable statutory provisions. Under the 
Scheme, Employee Stock Options may be granted to such eligible employees, including Directors (whether 
whole‐time or otherwise), but excluding Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and Independent 
Directors, as may be determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of law. 
 
For the purpose of administration and implementatio n of the Scheme, the Board has constituted a 
Compensation Committee , which shall, inter alia, administer, interpret and supervise the operation of the 
Scheme and exercise such powers as may be delegated  to it in accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations and the terms of the Scheme. 
 
In terms of Section 62(1)(b)  and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  and the 
provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations , the approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution 
is required for adoption of the Scheme. Separate Sp ecial Resolutions are also proposed for extending t he 
benefits of the Scheme to the eligible employees of  the Holding Company, Subsidiary Company(ies) and 
[page 17]
 
 
Associate Company(ies), in accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolutions s et out in the accompanying Notice for approval by 
the Members. The disclosures required under the Companies Act, 2013 , the Companies (Share Capital 
and Debentures) Rules, 2014 , the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations , and other applicable laws are provided 
hereunder for the information and consideration of the Members. 
 
The main features of the ESOP 2026 are as under: 
 
 
1.  Brief Description of the Plan 
 
The proposed Plan called the SEIL ESOP, 2026 (“ESOP 2026” or “Plan”) is intended to reward the Eligible 
Employees of the Company its Subsidiaries, Associat es and group companies for their performance and 
to motivate them to contribute to the growth and profitability of the Company. The Company also intends 
to use this Scheme to retain talent in the organization as it views Employee Stock Options as instruments 
that would enable the Employees also to benefit directly from the value they create for the Company and 
align individual objectives of employees with objectives of the Company in the years to come. 
 
The Plan shall be implemented and administered by t he Compensation Committee of the Company in 
compliance with the Companies Act and other applicable rules and regulations. 
 
2.  Total number of Options to be granted 
 
The aggregate number of Stock Options proposed to b e granted under the SEIL ESOP, 2026 shall not be 
exercisable into more than 2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand) equity shares of the company, to be issued 
under the SEIL ESOP, 2026 (which number shall be ad justed in lieu of adjustments/ re‐organisation of 
capital structure of the Company from time to time). Upon exercise, each Stock Option entitles the relevant 
grantee to one Equity Share (i.e. one Option will e ntitle the grantee to one Equity Share). In case of  any 
corporate action(s) such as rights issues, bonus is sues, merger and sale of division, split or consoli dation 
and others, a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to be made to the Stock Options granted. Accordingl y, 
if any additional Equity Shares are issued by the C ompany to the grantees for making such fair and 
reasonable adjustment, the ceiling of 2,04,000 (Two Lakhs Four Thousand) Equity Shares shall be deemed 
to be increased to the extent of such additional Equity Shares issued. Stock Options not vested due to non‐
fulfilment of the vesting conditions, vested Stock Options which the grantees expressly refuse to exer cise, 
Stock Options (vested and not exercised and unveste d) which have been surrendered and any Stock 
Options granted but not vested or exercised within the stipulated time due to any reasons, shall lapse and 
these Stock Options or the underlying Equity Shares will be available for grant under the present SEIL ESOP, 
2026 or under a new scheme, subject to compliance with applicable laws. 
 
3.  Identification of Eligible Employees 
 
Following classes of employees are entitled to participate in ESOP 2026: 
 
i.  an Employee as designated by the Company, who is exclusively working in India or outside India; or  
[page 18]
 
 
 
ii.  a Director of the Company, whether a whole time Dir ector or not, including a non‐executive director who 
is not a promoter or member of the promoter group, but excluding an independent director; or 
 
iii.  an employee as defined in sub‐clauses (i) or (ii), of a group company including Subsidiary or its Associate 
Company, in India or outside India, or of a holding company of the Company,  
 
but does not include—  
 
a)  an Employee who is a Promoter or a person belonging to the Promoter Group; or  
 
b)  a Director who, either himself or through his relative or through any body corporate, directly or indirectly, 
holds more than ten per cent of the outstanding equity Shares of the Company; 
 
4.  Requirements of Vesting and Period of Vesting 
 
The Options granted shall vest so long as an employee continues to be in the employment of the Company 
subject to minimum vesting period of 1 year from the date of grant. The Compensation Committee may in 
consultation with the Board and/or at its discretion, lay down certain performance parameters and it shall 
have the power to prescribe and determine a graded Vesting mechanism based on different levels of 
achievement of the performance parameters. 
 
5.  Maximum Period within which the Options shall be Ves ted 
 
The exact proportion in which and the exact period over which the employee stock options would vest 
would be determined by the Compensation Committee, subject to the minimum vesting period of one year 
from the date of grant of employee stock options an d maximum vesting period upto 4 (Four) years. The 
specific vesting schedule and vesting conditions subject to which vesting will take place will be outlined in 
the grant letter issued to each option grantee.  
 
6.  Exercise Price or Pricing Formula 
 
Subject to SEBI Regulations, the Compensation Commi ttee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine t he 
Exercise Price of the Options granted under the Pla n, as it may deem appropriate in conformity with th e 
applicable accounting policies, if any, provided that the Exercise Price shall not be less than the face value 
of the Shares and not higher than the prevailing Market Price (on Stock Exchange with highest volume) of 
the Shares of the Company as on the Grant Date. 
 
7.  Exercise Period and the Process of Exercise 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions as may be determined by the Compensation Committee and as set forth 
under the Plan, the Options may be exercised by the  employee upon vesting. Eligible Employee will be 
permitted to exercise vested options on and from the date of vesting of the options for an exercise pe riod 
[page 19]
 
 
as may be determined by the Committee and set out in the Grant Letter. However the maximum period for 
Exercise of option will be upto 5 (Five) years. The  exercise of the Vested Options shall take place at  the 
time and place designated by the Compensation Commi ttee and by executing such documents either in 
physical or electronic form as may be required by t he Compensation Committee, subject to Applicable 
Laws and on receipt of the applicable amount (aggre gate Exercise Price and applicable taxes) in full f rom 
the eligible employee. 
 
In the event of resignation/termination/superannuat ion /death/permanent disability, options will be 
exercised in accordance with Plan. 
 
8.  Appraisal Process for Determining Eligibility 
 
The Compensation Committee reserves the right to of fer Options to Eligible Employee(s) subject to the 
appraisal process. The appraisal process for determ ining the Employees to whom the Option shall be 
granted/offered will be specified by the Compensati on Committee, and will be based on criteria such as  
the seniority of the Employee, length 
 of  service,  performance  record,  merit  of  the Employee, future 
potential contribution by the Employee and/ or any such other criteria that may be determined by the 
Compensation Committee at its sole discretion. 
 
9.  Maximum number of Options Per Employee and in Aggregate 
 
The maximum number of Options to be granted per Emp loyee and in aggregate shall not exceed 0.50% 
(one percent) of the issued capital of the company ( excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) at 
the time of grant of options, except with the separ ate specific approval of the members of the Company , 
accorded in a general meeting. 
 
10.  Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under a scheme(s) 
 
Any benefit other than, grant of options or consequ ential issue of equity shares, is not envisaged und er 
the ESOP Scheme. Accordingly, the maximum quantum o f benefit for the employees under the ESOP 
Scheme is the difference between the exercise price  of the options and the market price of the equity 
shares of the Company as on the date of exercise of options. 
 
11.  Whether ESOP 2026 is to be implemented and administered directly by the Company or through a 
trust 
  
ESOP 2026 will be implemented directly by the Compa ny under the guidance of the Compensation 
Committee of the Board. 
 
12.  Whether ESOP 2026 involves new issue of shares by the Company or secondary acquisition by the 
trust or both 
 
ESOP 2026 shall involve only new issue of shares by  the Company. There will not be any secondary 
[page 20]
 
 
acquisition of shares by the Company. 
 
13.  The amount of loan to be provided for implementation of ESOP 2026 by the company to the trust, 
its tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc. 
 
ESOP 2026 does not envisage any loan since this is a scheme directly implemented by the Company. 
 
14.  Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject to limits specified under the regulations) 
that can be made by the trust for the purposes of the ESOP 2026 
 
ESOP 2026 does not envisage any secondary acquisition and hence this shall not be applicable to the ESOP 
2026. 
 
15.  A Statement to the effect that the company shall co nform to the accounting policies specified in 
regulation 15 
 
The Company shall conform to the accounting policie s specified in Regulation 15 of SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021. 
 
16.  The method which the company shall use to value its options 
 
The Company will adopt the fair value method for ac counting purposes. Black-Scholes option pricing 
model will be used for determining the fair value of an option granted under the ESOP Plan. 
 
17.  Declaration 
 
In case the company opts for expensing of share-bas ed employee benefits using the intrinsic value, the  
difference between the employee compensation cost s o computed and the employee compensation cost 
that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, shall be disclosed in the Directors' report and 
the impact of this difference on profits and on ear nings per share ("EPS") of the company shall also b e 
disclosed in the Directors' report 
 
18.  Transferability of Stock Options 
 
The Stock Options granted to an employee will not be transferable to any person and shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise alienated in any manner. 
 
19.  The lock‐in period, if any 
 
The ESOP 2026 provides for a lock-in period of upto  1 (One) year from the date of allotment of Equity 
Shares pursuant to the exercise of Options under the Scheme, or such shorter period as may be determined 
by the Compensation Committee, provided that the lo ck-in period shall not, in any case, exceed 1 (One)  
year. 
[page 21]
 
 
 
20.  Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities covered under these regulations  
 
No such provision for buyback 
 
21.  Other Terms 
 
The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee shall have a right to amend, alter or terminate the 
ESOP 2026 (“Variation”) at any time, in accordance with the regulations and guidelines as prescribed b y 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share B ased Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 or regulations that may be issued by any appropriate authority from time to time and  
subject to approval of the shareholders of the comp any, unless such variation, modification or alteration 
is detrimental to the interest of the Employee.  
 
The Board/Committee/Company will not vary the terms of the SEIL ESOP, 2026 in any manner which may 
be prejudicial or detrimental to the interests of the Employee. 
 
Additional disclosures as required under Rule 16 of  the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014: 
 
i.  the particulars of the trustee or employees in whose favor such shares are to be registered –  
 
ESOP 2026 does not envisage any secondary acquisition and hence this shall not be applicable to the ESOP 
2026. 
 
ii.  the detailed particulars of benefits which will acc rue to the employees from the implementation of the  
scheme 
 
Any benefit other than, grant of options or consequ ential issue of equity shares, is not envisaged und er 
the ESOP Scheme. Accordingly, the maximum quantum o f benefit for the employees under the ESOP 
Scheme is the difference between the exercise price  of the options and the market price of the equity 
shares of the Company as on the date of exercise of options. 
 
None of the Promoters and Promoter Group are not interested in the SEIL ESOP, 2026. Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Stock Options as may be offered to 
them under the SEIL ESOP, 2026. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the above resolut ions for approval by the Members. the above-
mentioned resolutions set out as Item no. 1 of the notice for adoption by the shareholders as Special 
Resolutions. 
 
   ITEM NO. 3 
 
[page 22]
 
 
Regularization of Appointment of Mr. Charan Singh (DIN: 09238002)  
 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and R emuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 
of the Company have appointed Mr. Charan Singh (DIN : 09238002) as an Additional Director (Non-
Executive & Non-Independent) of the Company to hold  office, subject to the consent by the Members of 
the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. (“AGM”) or an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting, 
whichever is earlier. As an Additional Director, Mr . Charan Singh holds office till the date of the EG M or 
ensuing AGM, whichever is earlier and is eligible f or being appointed as a Non-Executive & Non-
Independent Director. The Company has received a notice pursuant to Section 160 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (the “Act”) together with the requisite amount of deposit from a Member signifying his intention to 
propose the appointment of Mr. Charan Singh as Non- Executive & Non-Independent Director of the 
Company. Mr. Charan Singh is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 
164 of the Act and has given his consent to act as Director of the Company. Mr. Charan Singh is not related 
to any other Director and Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives, except Mr. Charan Singh and his 
relatives, are in anyway, concerned or interested in the said resolution.  
 
The Board recommends passing of the Special Resolut ions as set out in Item no. 3 of this Notice, for 
approval by the Members of the Company, as the rich  experience and the vast knowledge of Mr. Charan 
Singh would benefit the Company.  
 
By Order of the Board 
For Susan Electricals India Limited 
Date: 07
th  August, 2026 
Place: New Delhi 
 
Vishal Jain 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01889925 
  
[page 23]
 
 
Details under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obl igations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in terms of Secretarial Stand ard ‐ 2, in respect of the Directors seeking 
appointment: 
 
Name of Director Mr. Charan Singh 
Category of Director Non-Executive & Non-Independen t 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 09238002 
Date of Birth  01.07.1960  
Date of first appointment 07.08.2026 
Qualification, Brief resume/Experience  
(including expertise in specific functional area, 
skills and capabilities required for the role) 
Mr. Charan Singh has over 37 years of experience 
in the banking and financial sector. He has worked 
in the banking industry from 1983 to 2020 and has 
held various senior management positions, 
including Executive Director of UCO Bank and 
General Manager at Bank of India. 
 
He has also served as Member (Technical) at 
National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), 
Hyderabad from 2022 to 2025. Further, he has 
experience as a member of the External Rating 
Committee of Infomerics Ratings and has worked 
as an Independent Director in companies. 
 
Mr. Charan Singh holds M. Sc. – Rural Banking & 
Agricultural Economics and is a Certified Associate 
of Indian Institute of Bankers. He has also obtained 
an IICA Certificate for Independent Director, 
cleared the Limited Insolvency Examination, and is 
an Insolvency Professional registered with IBBI. 
 
His experience in banking, finance, and corporate 
governance is expected to provide valuable 
guidance to the Board of Directors of the 
Company. 
Terms and Conditions of 
appointment/reappointment 
Appointed as an Additional Director (Non -
Executive & Non-Independent) with effect from 
7th August, 2026. He shall hold office up to the date 
of the ensuing General Meeting of the Company or 
the last date on which such General Meeting 
should have been held, whichever is earlier 
Remuneration last drawn (including sitting fees, if 
any) 
Nil 
Remuneration proposed to be paid Sitting Fee 
[page 24]
 
 
Shareholding in the Company as on date of Notice 
(including shareholding as Beneficial Owner) 
Nil 
Relationship with other Directors/Key Managerial 
Personnel/Managers 
None 
Number of Board meetings attended during the 
year 
Not Applicable  
Directorship of other Boards as on date of Notice  Century Extrusions Ltd 
 ASAR IMF & Financial Services Private 
Limited 
Listed Entities from which he had resigned in the 
past three years 
SPML Infra Limited  (ceased to be director w.e.f. 
14.11.2022) 
Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of the 
other Boards as on date of Notice 
Century  Extrusions Limited 
- Member of Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee of 
 
[page 25]
 
 
Annexure-A 
 
Additional information on Directors recommended for  appointment as required under Secretarial 
Standard - 2: 
 
Name of the Director  
 
Charan Singh 
Directors Identification Number (DIN)  
 
09238002 
Date of Birth  
 
01.07.1960 
Qualifications  
 
M. Sc. – Rural Banking & Agricultural Economics 
Date of First Appointment on Board 07/08/2026 
 
Brief resume of the Director  
 
Mr. Charan Singh has over 37 years of experience in  the 
banking and financial sector. He has worked in the 
banking industry from 1983 to 2020 and has held various 
senior management positions, including Executive 
Director of UCO Bank and General Manager at Bank of  
India. 
 
He has also served as Member (Technical) at Nationa l 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Hyderabad from 2022 
to 2025. Further, he has experience as a member of the 
External Rating Committee of Infomerics Ratings and  
has worked as an Independent Director in companies. 
 
Mr. Charan Singh holds M. Sc. – Rural Banking & 
Agricultural Economics and is a Certified Associate  of 
Indian Institute of Bankers. He has also obtained an IICA 
Certificate for Independent Director, cleared the Limited 
Insolvency Examination, and is an Insolvency 
Professional registered with IBBI. 
 
His experience in banking, finance, and corporate 
governance is expected to provide valuable guidance  to 
the Board of Directors of the Company.  
Nature of expertise in specific functional 
area  
Mr. Charan Singh has extensive expertise in 
banking, finance, corporate governance, 
insolvency, risk management, and regulatory 
matters. With over 37 years of experience in the 
[page 26]
 
 
banking sector, including senior leadership roles a t 
UCO Bank and Bank of India, along with 
experience as Member (Technical), NCLT, 
Hyderabad, he brings valuable expertise in financial 
management, governance, and strategic decision-
making.  
Remuneration sought to be paid Sitting Fees  
Remuneration paid during FY 2025-26 Not Applicable  
Terms and conditions of appointment/re-
appointment along with remuneration 
details  
 
Mr. Charan Singh has been appointed as an 
Additional Director (Non-Executive & Non-
Independent), subject to the approval of Members. 
He shall be entitled to remuneration, sitting fees, and 
other benefits as applicable to Non-Executive 
Directors in accordance with the Companies Act, 
2013 and Company policies.  
Relationship between Directors inter-se and 
with other key managerial personnel of the 
company 
 
None 
Directorships held in other companies  • Century Extrusions Ltd 
• ASAR IMF & Financial Services 
Private Limited  
Membership/ Chairmanship of committees 
in other companies  
* For the said purpose, only Audit Committee, 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee has 
been considered  
Century  Extrusions Limited 
- Member of Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee of 
 
Listed entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years 
SPML Infra Limited (ceased to be director w.e.f. 
14.11.2022)  
Skills and capabilities required for the role  
and the manner in which the proposed 
person meets such requirements and 
justification for choosing the appointee for 
appointment as Director 
As stated in the Resolution and the Explanatory 
Statement forming part of this Notice. 
 
 
 