
===== PAGE 1 =====
  Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Salzer Electronics Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESHKUMAR DORAISWAMY – JOINT 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SALZER ELECTRONICS 
LIMITED 
MR. P. SIVAKUMAR – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING – SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. P. B. BELLARY – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – SALZER ELECTRONICS 
LIMITED 
MRS. R. MENAKA – GENERAL MANAGER, ACCOUNTS – 
SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED – SALZER 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. K.M. MURUGESH – COMPANY SECTARY – SALZER 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. JITENDRA VAKHARIA – NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – KAYCEE INDUSTRIES 
MR. K. RAMAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Salzer Electronics Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen -only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. K. Raman, Chief Financial Officer from Salzer 
Electronics Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
K. Raman: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss the unaudited financial 
performance for the first quarter year ended 30th June 2026. I have with me Mr. Rajeshkumar 
Doraiswamy, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Sivakumar, Assistant Vice Pre sident, Marketing; 
Mr. Bellary, Assistant Vice President in Business Development; Mrs. Menaka, General Manager 
Accounts; and Mr. K. M. Murugesh, Company Secretary; and Mr. Jitendra Vakharia, Non -
Executive Director, Kaycee Industries. 
 I shall now take you through the consolidated financial performance for the quarter ended June 
2026. During the quarter, our revenues increased by 13% year-on-year growth to INR498 crores 
from INR441 crores in the previous corresponding period. This growth was mainly driven by 
higher demand for industrial switchgear, wires and cables and Building Products division 
business mainly due to high demand products like 3 phases transformers, wire harness,  relays 
and new products like contactors, etcetera. 
 Contribution from exports at approximately 18.6%. The EBITDA, excluding other income, was 
INR31 crores in Q1 2027 as against INR42 crores in Q1 FY26. The EBITDA margin for the 
quarter stood at 6%. The profit after tax was INR8 crores in Q1 2027 as against INR17 crores in 
Q1 2026. PAT margin for the quarter stood at 2%. 
 Moving on to the breakup of revenue as per the business divisions. The Industrial Switchgear 
division contributed 54% of the total revenue in this quarter. This business grew 10% year -on-
year in Q1 2027. The EBITDA margin for this business division stood a t 8% in Q1 2027. The 
Wire & Cable division contributed nearly 40% to our revenues this quarter. There is increase of 
11% on year-on-year growth in this division during the quarter. EBITDA margin for this division 
stood at 5% in Q1 2027. 
 The Building Products division has contributed 6% to our revenues in this quarter. There is an 
increase of 48% year -on-year growth in Q1 2027. On the exports front, for this quarter, the 
export share of revenue was nearly 19% in Q1 2027. 
 Now I'd like to hand over now to Mr. Rajesh to take us through the business developments that 
they have. Thank you. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Thank you, Mr. Raman. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Salzer 
Electronics earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. Thank you all for 
taking time to join us today. We have shared our results, update, presentation and media release, 
and I hope you have received and gone through the same. I would like to begin by giving you 
===== PAGE 3 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
an overview of our business performance, key operational developments and the opportunities 
that we see ahead. 
 Before discussing our individual business segments, I would like to briefly touch upon the 
broader environment in which we are operating at present. Globally, the operating environment 
continues to remain mixed and volatile. While global economic activity has demonstrated 
resilience, businesses continue to navigate trade policy uncertainties, geopolitical developments, 
changing tariff structures, the West Asia conflict and volatile and a very high raw material prices. 
 The IMF's latest July 2026 outlook projects global growth at around 3% in 2026, followed by 
an improvement to 3.4% in the coming year 2027. At the same time, global economy continues 
to face risks from geopolitical tensions, supply chain disruptions and el evated inflationary 
pressures. For an electrical equipment manufacturer like Salzer, the global environment has a 
direct impact, particularly through copper, silver, aluminium and other key plastic raw materials 
as well as through freight, currency movements and export market demand. 
 During the quarter, we witnessed elevated and volatile input costs, particularly in copper, silver 
and aluminium. These commodities are important inputs across several of our switchgear 
components and products like transformers, contactors and other switchgear products. This 
environment resulted in margin contraction during the quarter. However, importantly, we 
continue to see healthy underlying demand, and we are addressing input material inflation 
through sourcing efficiencies, calibrated pricing actions of our finished products and operational 
efficiencies. 
 Coming specifically to India, we remain positive about the structural outlook for the electrical 
equipment industry. India is going through a significant phase of electrification, infrastructure 
development and energy transition-led investment. The electrical and allied electronics industry 
is closely linked to investment in power transmission and distribution, manufacturing, 
infrastructure, railways, renewable energy, data centre boom, real estate and industrial 
automation. 
 According to IEEMA, the transmission and distribution segment accounts for approximately 
65% of the Indian electrical and allied electronics industry, highlighting the importance of India's 
ongoing power infrastructure expansion. The Central Electricity Au thority's latest data also 
reflects the continued expansion of India's power infrastructure. 
 In May 2026 alone, India added approximately 3,500 megawatts of renewable capacity, 1,120 
kilometres of transmission lines and 7,200 megawatts of transmission capacity, while peak 
demand reached approximately 270 gigawatts. We believe this continued investment in the 
electricity ecosystem creates a favourable multi-year-demand environment for electrical 
equipment manufacturers like Salzer. 
 Another important structural trend is the increasing intensity of electricity consumption across 
the economy. India's transition towards renewable energy, electrification of mobility, data centre 
expansion and industrial automation is increasing the requirement for efficient, reliable and 
intelligent electrical infrastructure. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 This creates opportunities for all of Salzer's product lines. IEEMA estimates significant future 
requirements around battery storage, EV charging infrastructure, railway electrification and 
smart city infrastructure, which reinforces the broader opportunit y for companies operating 
across the electrical ecosystem. For Salzer, this transition is particularly relevant because we are 
progressively expanding from being a traditional electrical component manufacturer towards a 
broader electrification and energy management platform. 
 Now coming to our key updates on the recent developments in the last quarter. During the 
quarter, we continued to strengthen our strategic investments in emerging businesses and 
technologies. We made an additional investment of INR13 lakhs in our wholly owned 
subsidiary, Salzer EV Infra Private Limited, taking the total investment to INR93 lakhs. 
 We also invested an additional INR1.68 crores in Effilume Private Limited, an associate 
company, increasing our total investment to INR4.2 crores and our equity stake to 47%. These 
investments reflect our continued focus on building capabilities in emerging areas and creating 
new growth opportunities that complement our core electrical solutions business. 
 Coming to our newer growth businesses, our export contribution currently stands at 
approximately 19% in Q1 FY27, and we are working towards increasing this to back to 25% 
over the medium term. We continue to see opportunities across U.S., U.K., Europe and the 
Middle East, particularly for our engineered switchgear and electrical products. 
 The changing global tariff environment is also creating opportunity for Indian manufacturers as 
customers increasingly diversify their supply chain. Our subsidiary, Kaycee Industries, 
continues to perform well. Kaycee's top line grew 8% year-on-year in Q1 FY27. EBITDA stood 
at INR2 crores and PAT at INR1 crore during the quarter ended. 
 Before I conclude, I would also like to address the margin performance of Salzer in Q1 FY27. 
As we mentioned earlier in this call, the primary reason for the pressure on margins during the 
quarter has been the sharp increase in key raw material costs, particularly copper, silver and 
plastics, coupled with the lag in the full pass-through of these cost increases to the customers. 
 This is an industry -wide challenge rather than a Salzer -specific issue. While we expect the 
second quarter to continue witnessing some pressure, we believe it should be relatively better 
than Q1 as our pricing actions gradually take effect. 
 Subject to raw material prices remaining stable, we expect margins to start normalizing from the 
third quarter this year onwards. Having said that, FY27 is likely to remain a challenging year 
given the global macroeconomic environment, geopolitical uncertainties, which disrupts supply 
chain and continued volatility in commodity prices. We remain confident that our diversified 
business model, strong customer relationships, disciplined cost management and focus on value-
added products will help us navigate these near-term headwinds. 
 At Salzer, our approach has always been to build a business for long term. While quarterly results 
may be influenced by short -term factors such as commodity price volatility, exchange 
fluctuations, pricing cycles and broader macroeconomic environment, our strategic priorities 
===== PAGE 5 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
remain unchanged. Over the last 10 years, Salzer has delivered a revenue CAGR of nearly 17%, 
while over the last 5 years, our revenue CAGR has accelerated to 23%. 
 Similarly, PAT has grown at over 20% CAGR during the last 5 years. We believe these numbers 
demonstrate our ability to consistently create value over the long term despite periodic short -
term challenges. We continue to invest in new products, technologies,  manufacturing 
capabilities and exports and emerging businesses that will create sustainable value over the 
coming years. 
 Before I conclude, I would like to thank the entire team at Salzer Electronics for their dedication 
and hard work. I also thank all our stakeholders, our customers, suppliers, bankers and 
shareholders for their continued trust and support. This is all from  our side for now. We would 
now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  The first question 
comes from the line of Naveen from MK Investment. 
Naveen: Sir, in our investor presentation, it is mentioned that our FY27 EBITDA target is 10%. Can you 
please confirm? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think that was expected to reach 10%. But looking at the current global scenario and with 
continuing West Asia conflict and fluctuating raw material prices, I think we would tone it down 
to around 8% to 8.5% for this full year because we see this margin pressure to continue in Q2 
also and normalize in Q3 and Q4. I think Q3 and Q4, we should be reaching 9% to 9.5%. But 
on an overall full year average, we should be at around 8%. 
Naveen: But why investor presentation is not actually echoing with the management thoughts? Investor 
presentation is for a real -time looking into the business side, sir. So why your investor 
presentation and your con call are completely different stories? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think we will correct that and we will make the investor presentation correct... 
Naveen: I spoke -- I actually e-mailed to your particular Company Secretary, and he's still arguing with 
us that it is as per management's commentary only. So what we see, sir, as a shareholder, we 
don't want all these two different things because our -- we are an investor group and our clients 
are actually demanding us, see why there is a discrepancy in the con -call and the investor 
presentation. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Sir, we understood that. I think we will correct it. I've got your point. 
Moderator: The current participant line is disconnected, and we'll move to the next question. The next 
question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: So just wanted to know, I think in Q4, we mentioned that you are doing price hikes in June, and 
you've done some price hikes for that also. So how much of that has been accepted? And what 
is still left, sir? Like if you could quantify that, sir? 
===== PAGE 6 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: So, we have done almost three price increases over the last six months. However, as we do the 
price increase, we always accumulate the pending orders, which -- so the price increase comes 
into effect after the already orders that have been taken. So, there is always a lag in the pass -
through. And that is the reason -- that is what we are seeing in the margin contraction. 
 So whatever price increase we have done in April, it has been passed through. I think we have 
done some price increase in June, which will take effect, I think, from August. And we are 
proposing more price increase in August, which will take effect in September. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough, sir. But sir, just wanted to know, I think we're going to get some annuity 
income, right, from our energy management in Q2. So, has that started in July? Or is it going to 
start like in later? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: It will be starting in middle of August. I think project is progressing as planned. And I think the 
project gets completed in July; we will start seeing the revenue from August. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. So, sir, just wanted to understand, like if our base business, we are expecting around 9%, 
9.5%, right, of EBITDA, maybe from Q3 onwards, not Q2. And our annuity income will also 
directly flow through our PAT, right? There will not be like any cost attached to it if I -- that... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Maintenance cost will be attached to it, but minimal. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Minimal, right, sir -- so that way, our Q3, Q4 margins can be 10% because I don't know if the 
9% is including annuity or just the base business because annuity will be significantly higher 
margin, right? So just wanted to get your thoughts on that, sir. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: No, I think the annuity business is approximately INR2 crores per month for the project, and 
that will flow through to us by around 50%. So, it will not significantly change the percentage 
is what I believe. 
Darshil Jhaveri: You only have 50%. So, it will be for us in our books, it will be -- so if it's less than 50%, it will 
be recorded in P&L from JV or it will be recorded in a consolidated. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: We won't consolidate, but I think as an associate company, we will get the revenues from the 
company. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. Fair enough, sir. That's it. And sir, just wanted to know like over the 
last 4 years, if I would see our top line has maintained the growth guidance that we have been 
able to do of 20% plus. But somehow our PAT has not converted  to that level. It would be -- I 
understand that a lot of factors have not been in our favour. But what do you -- because right 
now, energy is the place where everyone is growing, right? 
 So, we just want to know that how can our company get back to the margins – that it was where 
the top line growth and the profit growth are also matching, right? I'm just talking especially 
from FY24 to '26 and '27 continuing right now, right? Even '27 will have some margins. We 
used to do 10%, I think, and now we are at 6%. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 I understand like a lot of things are not in our control, but what can we do better? Because that 
led to significant value destruction in our share price also, right? Are promoters planning a 
buyback or some stake increase that can give a signal to the Street or something? What are your 
thoughts on that, sir? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Sir, I agree with you. I think if you look at the -- that's why I mentioned about the CAGR in the 
5-year period. I think in the 5 years, the PAT has grown close to around 20% CAGR. Though 
from FY24, it has not been and FY23, if you see the CAGR has been reduced to around 14% 
per annum. But I think we have to understand for the last 2 years, there has been a margin 
pressure experienced and particularly in FY26 last quarter. So that is one of the reasons that the 
CAGR in the last 3 years has reduced to around 14%. 
 But having said that, I think we are in a very good sector where we are seeing very high growth. 
The demand is good. That is the reason that revenues has started to grow significantly. And 
when this pricing normalization happens and the complete pass -through happens, I think we'll 
be back to the normal margin levels. And with all the product lines and the relationship that we 
have with our OEMs, we continue to see good demand coming for all our products, and we will 
be back to the normal levels by Q3 onwards. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough, sir. And just like just two other questions from my end. Like this is more 
regarding our policy. So, can we do a cost-plus policy where the RM gets passed through faster? 
Or -- because our copper and silver both are traded, can we hedge them somehow because maybe 
that could help us retain our margins, right? If we would have -- I don't know if I think we  can 
hedge silver. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: No, we can't. I think first question is your cost -plus model. I think we don't want to do a cost -
plus model on our standard switchgear products. One of the reason is that, that will make us 
open our costing sheets to our customers. So far, I think we have tried to avoid that. That also 
gives an advantage when the commodities are not fluctuating or not going up like what we have 
seen in the last six months. In a normal situation, we have an advantage because we don't open 
a cost sheet and the cost-plus model will be a negative in a normal situation. 
 So that's what we have seen. In that situation, I think we are trying to see how quickly we can 
pass through this kind of a fluctuated commodity price increase. So that is something that we 
are still working on, not just Salzer. I think almost all switchgear industry is struggling with this 
kind of a pass-through. 
 And we are working on it, and we will try and see. Earlier, it used to be a quarter. Now I think 
we are trying to do it in less than 2 months pass -through. If we can shorten that further, I think 
we will not see much of a fluctuations, volatility in our margins. So that's what we are trying to 
do, one. 
 Second, on the hedging, I think we normally try to avoid hedging the commodities. except for 
the stocks that we hold, I think that is the natural hedge that is created. It also works the other 
way around when the prices fall. If you take an example of silver, I think from INR70 a gram, it 
went up to INR400, and it has come down to around INR250 now. So, we can also be caught on 
===== PAGE 8 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
the other side. So, we normally, as a business policy, we don't hedge commodities, except for 
the stocks that we hold. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. And just in our new growth areas, I think EV charging, we are -- 
I think we are looking to double the revenue  and the Smart Meter business, if you could just 
comment something on that, sir. And I think Saudi Arabia also you're planning to commission. 
Is that underway? How is the scenario out there? So, could you just comment on these three, sir? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Saudi Arabia is definitely on the cards. However, I think there has been a delay in starting of the 
plant because of the West Asia disruptions. So, we are now planning to ship our machines and 
equipments and start installation mostly by September, October. Hopefully, by that time, things 
can be much better in West Asia is what we believe. So, we have planned to that timeline. So 
otherwise, I think we should have already started from this April, May, but didn't happen because 
of the West Asia conflict. That is on Saudi Arabia. 
 On Smart Meters, we don't have any new update other than what we mentioned in the last con 
call. We did a very, very small revenue from Smart Meters, close to around INR3.5 crores from 
that plant. And we have no major updates in the Smart Meter as of now, but we continue to be 
positive to see how we can get a larger chunk of the business share from the market. 
 On EV charging, I think things are progressing well. So far, I think there are close to around 
160, 170 DC fast chargers have been supplied, shipped and installed across the country through 
various charge point operators. And we continue to see good demand coming in. And this quarter 
also, I think we expect that close to around 60 chargers will be supplied in Q2. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Karan Mehta from RealFloat Ventures LLP. 
Karan Mehta: So, I just have a couple of questions more broadly about the business from a -- just from a 
structural perspective. So, I guess my first question is just around the distribution part at Salzer. 
And sir, if you could just help me kind of understand -- so I do appreciate that you've added to 
the talent bench with the hiring of a new CFO in the recent past. 
 Could you also help me just understand the distribution and your sales organization in particular? 
I know that you have a strong linkage with the L&T's distribution channel. So how much would 
that be in proportion to your direct distribution? And if you co uld just generally provide colour 
around how your sales organization is structured and what changes do you see on that front? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Sure, sir. Thank you very much. On the sales front, we have multiple sales fronts. I think we 
deal with an OEM front, and we deal with the B2B electrical wholesale business. We also have 
a B2C electrical wholesale business, and we have an export front. So, these are the different 
marketing channels that we have. And as you said, we also have a very strong linkage and 
understanding with erstwhile L&T Switchgear division, which is now called LK, a part of 
Schneider. 
 So, the distribution that LK does for us, I think it is close to around 15%, 1 -5, 15% of our total 
revenue that goes through the LK's distribution channel. And another -- I don't know the 
percentage, but we have General Manager and Vice President, Marketing, heading each of these 
===== PAGE 9 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
distribution channels, like the B2C retail and B2B wholesale -- retail wholesale and the OEM. 
So, there are different heads who are taking care of these channels, and there are teams across 
the country under these people taking care of the business and reporting to them. 
 On the B2C retail channel, which is our Building segment product, that alone, I think we are 
operating only in the southern 5 states. And recently, we've expanded into the Eastern region 
like Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Chhattisgarh. So, these are some of the new states that 
we have added on the B2C retail front. So, this is the marketing structure that we have. 
Karan Mehta: That's very helpful. Just any idea about the headcount strength in your distribution on the 
distribution side, just rough numbers? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Total overall marketing team strength, including all these channels, we have close to around 65 
people, excluding the leaders. 
Karan Mehta: That was very helpful, sir. And just as a separate point around reporting. So, I also appreciate 
that the format of the presentation for this quarter includes a lot more kind of information about 
the industry environment and end markets. 
 So, we are operating in a number of high-growth end markets like renewables and data centres. 
And I was just wondering if it would be possible to break out the contribution from these 
segments, if not on a quarterly basis, then maybe on maybe a half yearly or annual basis. I think 
it would be helpful to just understand the company's evolution in these areas. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: You mean to say about our customer segment, correct? 
Karan Mehta: Yes. Like -- so what percentage of the revenue comes from like a data centre or... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I understand that. We will try to include that and see -- because we have to -- we should have 
full data on that. But whatever information possible that we have and we will collect, we will 
try and project that at least once in a half year or once in a year. 
Karan Mehta: Yes, that would be very helpful because we are operating in the right segments, but it would just 
help us as investors to understand and quantify that piece. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Sure. Thank you very much for the inputs sir. 
Karan Mehta: And just the last question is, are we benefiting from any government schemes? Obviously, there 
is a big push around creating domestic champions in the electronic and electronic component 
industry. So what schemes are we -- would you think we are benefiting  from most at the 
government level? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Right now, there's nothing that we are benefiting. But I think we can apply for a PLI or ECMS 
going forward. And on the EV chargers, there is a new policy that has come a PM E -DRIVE. 
So, there are some incentives for the users of the chargers, not directly to us. Apart from that, I 
think we receive export incentives, and that's what we are enjoying right now. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shravan Modi from Syndicate Family Office. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Shravan Modi: Yes. Sir, how do you see Kaycee Industries fitting into Salzer's broader portfolio, particularly in 
terms of product capabilities, customer access and cross-selling opportunities? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: We are already doing a lot of cross-selling between Kaycee and Salzer. I think we have, I think, 
synergized a lot of operations between Kaycee and Salzer, and we can see the results in Kaycee 
when we acquired just before COVID. And post COVID, we started a round INR25 crores of 
revenue. Today, I think we have reached around INR60 crores of revenue. 
 And the PAT also, I think, has gone up from close to around INR1.5 crores to around -- close to 
around INR5 crores as of now with a CAGR of 27% in the last 4 years. So, I think we have 
consistently delivered growth, and we continue to grow Kaycee in areas where Salzer is not 
present at the moment. So, some new investments on new products have been made in Kaycee. 
And we continue to see that Kaycee will continue to grow at the same CAGR for the next 3 to 4 
years. 
Shravan Modi: Sir, and in terms of capacity utilization, Switchgear is around 70%, while Wires & Cable is 
around 65%. How much additional revenue can the existing manufacturing infrastructure 
support before our incremental CapEx is required? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think the capacity utilization in Q1 and continued in Q2 for switchgear industries has gone up. 
We are now operating close at around 80% to 85% capacity utilization because of the high 
demand that we are seeing right now. And on your -- answering your question, I think this year's 
growth projection of close to 23% to 25%, which we will be able to do in the same capacity. 
Going forward, I think next year, we might have to do some balancing capacity for the 
Switchgear. For the Wire & Cable, we can continue for another year with the same growth rate. 
Shravan Modi: Right, sir. Sir, when I see the presentation, it highlights that there's a strong in -house 
manufacturing and R&D capabilities. Which areas of backward integration currently provide the 
greatest cost, quality and delivery advantage to us? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think as a company, I think we have been completely vertically integrated even long before. 
That's mainly because of our process capabilities and the R&D capabilities that we had. So, we 
have been vertically integrated since long, and we have been taking the advantage of all the cost 
benefits across the value chain, starting from raw material to finishing a product. So, most of the 
processes are done in-house. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Chirag Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Chirag Shah: Actually, if you see our product mix, our 56% to 60% is from coming Industrial Switchgear and 
the around 39% is coming from the Wire & Cables. Now if we see the margin front, the players 
which are into wire and cable industries, those are able to maintain good healthy margin even 
after this copper price and aluminium and everything price volatility post this West Asia crisis. 
 So, whether there is a further limitation at our end or there is a possibility to expand our margin 
because we are not into actually commoditized business. We are into specialized products. So 
ideally, our margin should expand or should not contract to that manner due to the effect of this 
metal prices volatility. So, in this specifically Industrial Switchgear or Wire & Cables, this 
===== PAGE 11 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
margin front pressure is due to exactly only due to this copper price and aluminium prices or 
any other factors are also there? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Sir, there are two businesses that we are operating, as you rightly said, 50% -- this quarter, it has 
been 53% on the Switchgears and 40% on the Wire & Cable. So, if you're coming to the Wire 
& Cable our margins have been stable over the last 4, 5 quarters and the increase in copper prices 
have not affected our margins in this business segment. The reason being, I think it is a cost-plus 
model that we are operating with our customers. And most -- I think almost 70% of the wire and 
cable business that we do are white labelling to large brands, OEMs. So, it is a cost-plus model. 
 So, the margin -- the price volatility doesn't affect us and our margins are stable, which we are 
seeing. Coming to the switchgear industry, it is not a cost -plus model, and it includes a lot of 
copper, silver and plastic that we use. including the switchgear s and the transformers and 
everything. Though we have a price variation clause built in with our customers, it is not -- the 
pass on is not immediate. 
 There is always a lag between the volatility price increase and our price increase and to the actual 
implementation of our price increase. That is why we have seen contraction of margin from 
around 12% to around 7.5%, 8%. So clearly, there is a 4% to 5% -- 4.5% margin contraction that 
has happened in the Switchgear business product -- Switchgear business for us in the last 2 
quarters. 
Chirag Shah: Got it. Got it. Just to add the same point, say, in our overall sales increase, due to this metal price 
increase, everything means how is the volume growth and actual genuine volume growth? And 
second part is growth -- sales growth due to this price hike -- price hike in this metal. So, whether 
there is an actual number of volume growth is available in terms of units or whatever... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Yes, we do. We always monitor the volume growth as we grow. I think this quarter, we have 
had 7% to 8% of volume growth and the rest is the growth because of the price increase. 
Chirag Shah: And just to add on one point also. This Smart Meter front, if we see over the last 3 years, if we 
observe, there is hardly any movement, and the investment has been materially there in terms of 
our overall balance sheet size. So how we want -- we are going to leverage on that front because 
it has been a long time when earlier estimate was around a few hundred crores of sales for year 
FY24, then FY25, now FY26 is also over. 
 So, if you can just elaborate that how we are expecting it to leverage further or which all our 
opportunities and some parts of India, we are observing that there is a resistance from the end 
users due to which there is a lack of progress in installation of t he Smart Meters. So overall 
scenario, how our team is analysing and predicting the future part for this particular segment? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: We are continuing to see what we can do on the Smart Meter investment. As of now, yes, you're 
right, this is a drag on our balance sheet. However, I think we still believe that the opportunity 
in the industry is quite huge, and we are trying to benefit out of that. 
 But right now, as you said, yes, it is a drag, and we are continuing to see what we can do on this 
as we go forward. So, I have no update right now to give you, and then we have not made any 
===== PAGE 12 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
decision as of now on what we will do with this investment. But if we are analysing as we go 
forward in the next 2, 3 quarters, we will take a call on what we will do on this if the business 
doesn't continue to come to us. 
Chirag Shah: And one last point only. With respect to our working capital, if you see that with -- while the 
sales growth is moderate, but our working capital requirement or the investment has been 
increasing substantially. So where exactly -- because ultimately, it is  having the financial cost 
also. And in fact, it's having the ultimate effect on the PAT, EPS, everything. So, where it has 
been stopped due to which it's increasing at a faster pace with respect to working capital fund 
requirement as compared to the top line growth? If you can... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think this -- the last 2 quarters have been very challenging. In spite of that, I think if you look 
at this quarter, comparatively, we have been better on the finance cost. At least we have been 
able to reduce at least 300 basis points , 3% on the revenue, we have been able to reduce the 
finance cost. I think that's actually on positive sign. Though as you said, the working capital 
remains a strain on us. We are trying to improve on a number of days compared to what it was 
in the last quarter. 
 Look at it, I think the number of working capital days has improved in this quarter, and we see 
that it will continue to improve. But we -- I think ultimately, what we have to see is when the 
raw material prices increase and we increase our price, the over all working capital utilization 
goes up because of the price increase. So that also has to be considered. In spite of that, I think 
we are trying to see how efficiently we can operate and bring the number of days working capital 
down. 
Chirag Shah: And I'm hopeful that now, this is the tailwind industry for the India. And hopefully, and with the 
management we have, we will be able to sail through this current scenario of the West Asia 
crisis, and we will be marching ahead for the further growth for t he -- in terms of profitability 
and top line. Best of luck for that. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Madhav Das, an individual investor. 
Madhav Das: So, I would just like to ask a few questions. One is that, could the management help me provide 
an update on the working capital, particularly considering higher commodity prices, export 
growth and ramp-up of newer businesses? And secondly, how do you view le verage and capex 
requirements for financial year '27, particularly considering Smart Meter capacity, EV charging 
investments and other manufacturing initiatives? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: On the working capital, Raman, you have the figures of number of days? Can you share or... 
K. Raman: I think presently, right now, I don't have actually. So, we can probably... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Share it. But overall, the numbers that I saw was that I think we have improved on the number 
of days working capital cycle compared to what it was in the last quarter and last year. So that 
is what I can say now. But I will share -- I think I will ask our Investor Relations team to share 
the details with you, sir. And what was your second question? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Madhav Das: How do you view leverage and capex requirements for this financial year, financial year '27, 
particularly considering Smart Meter capacity, EV charging investments and other 
manufacturing initiatives? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think on the capex, we will continue to see some capex in FY28. I think FY27 is going to be 
minimum, not the major capex that we are going to do except for the regular balancing and 
maintenance capex, which will be approximately, if I take it right, close to around INR15 crores 
or INR16 crores. Apart from that, we have some capex that is planned for our Saudi plant, and 
we are also expanding our Hosur plant. 
 So, these are some of the minor capexes that we will be doing in this current year. And as I 
mentioned, I think we are operating at lower capacity utilization in our Wire & Cable. So, there 
is no capex expected as of now. And in the Switchgear industry -- Switchgear business, next 
year, we will be seeing some capex for capacity expansion. On the Smart Meter and EV 
charging, we are not expected to do any major capex as of now because we still have capacity 
available for growth in those two businesses. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Opening remarks, could you please explain -- help me to understand the margin trajectory for 
this year. Earlier, we have 9.2% target by seeing this commodity cycle compressing the margins. 
So how do you see the financial... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Can you repeat the question, sir? I didn't get. I understand that you're asking about the margin. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Yes. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: You're asking for a guidance for the full year? 
Bala Murali Krishna: Yes, sir. And also, I think we took some price increase in the Feb and March. So further, have 
you taken any price increase or even if you take price increase, inflation in the commodity price 
suppressed the margin again? Could you please help me to understand? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: We have taken price increase in Feb, March and also in May, June, and we are also taking a 
price increase again in August. So, we are doing a calibrated price revisions of our products. So 
that all the commodity price increase is passed through. And if you see our -- the results, I think 
there is close to 3.2% elevation in the raw material consumption, which is nothing but our margin 
compression. 
 So, if -- but for this 3.2% compression, this margin -- this percentage would have straight away 
been our EBITDA percentage growth. So, we believe that whatever price increase we have done, 
we will take care of the commodity price rise when passed through to the customers. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Okay. So FY27, what kind of margins you are expecting? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: I think I already mentioned, I think this full year, we expect between 8% and 8.5% margin -- 
EBITDA margin for the full year. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Bala Murali Krishna: The Smart Meters, I think you have a GF of something like INR22 crores earlier. So that is still 
available with us or we have dispatch to some other...? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: INR22 crores of what, sir? 
Bala Murali Krishna: Finished goods or Smart Meters. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Yes. We also have pending order, and we also have finished goods, but we are waiting for the 
clearance from the customer for dispatch. 
Bala Murali Krishna: I think we approached almost all AMISPs for the collaboration. And on the Smart Meter front, 
Tamil Nadu tender, sir, what is your expectations? And how do you think whether we'll get any 
opportunity to participate in supplying the smart meters? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: No tender as of now, it is cancelled, and we expect the new tenders to come in the coming year 
or in the next few months. We don't know what the government stand on that is. Though they 
have announced that 50 lakh smart meters will be installed in Chennai alone, but we still don't 
know the details of it under what scheme they are going to buy this, how they are going to buy 
this. But as and when there is a tender that will come out, I think we will be eligible to participate, 
and we will definitely participate in those tenders. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Directly participate in the government tenders, right? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Yes. Yes. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Okay. So, one more thing on the new products recently, we developed some new products for 
this Railways and also one is for the control measurements for HVAC. How is the traction or 
any improvement in the numbers? 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: The Railway business is going on, going strong. I think we -- I don't have the figures right now, 
but we continue to grow with the Railway business. And whatever product we did, it was already 
an existing product. With the new technology, we were able to r educe the cost of the product 
and compete in the tenders in a much better way and get better share of business. So that's what 
we have done. 
 On the HVAC contactors, I think the business is picking up. That is for the American market. 
And we -- after the tariff moderation in U.S., I think the business has started picking up. We will 
see better business in this year. 
Bala Murali Krishna: Okay. On Saudi subsidiary, what would be the potential over here and what kind of products we 
are going to manufacture here... 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Yes, we are starting with only two products as of now in Saudi, that is the wire duct that is cable 
duct and terminal connectors. These are the 2 products that we are planning to start immediately 
when we start operations, which we are planning to start sometime in September, October. These 
are the two products that we are going to start. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
          Salzer Electronics Limited 
  August 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 And this financial year, we are not seeing any major revenues coming in from the Saudi plant. 
It will be only a transition of revenue from here to there. And the new customers and new 
revenues -- additional revenue from Saudi plant will start from next yea r. The first year of 
operation, that is FY28, we expect it will be around INR25 crores of additional revenue that will 
come from the Saudi plant. 
Moderator: That was the last question. And I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh 
Doraiswamy, Joint Managing Director, Salzer Electronics Limited, for closing comments. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajeshkumar Doraiswamy: Thank you, Atharva. Thank you very much, and thank you, everyone. I would once again like 
to stress that this quarter's margin pressure is definitely a concern for all of the investors. We 
also understand the concern, and we are working on it to make this normalized. And as I said in 
the call, this is not a Salzer-specific issue. This is an industry-wide challenge that we are facing 
today, and we are confident that we will overcome these short -term headwinds and looking 
forward to continued interaction with all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Salzer Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 