[page 1]
  
 
Netweb Technologies India Limited 
Plot No. H-1, Block-H, Pocket No. 9, Faridabad Industrial Town, Sector-57, Faridabad, Haryana 
121004 
Tel. No. : +91-129-2310400 
Website : www.netwebindia.com ; E-mail : complianceofficer@netwebindia.com 
 
CIN : L72100HR1999PLC103911 
 
Date: 22.01.2026 
To,   
The Manager   
Listing Department   
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400001   
Scrip Code: 543945   
To,  
The Manager   
Listing Department   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra East, Mumbai- 400051  
Scrip Code: NETWEB   
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF Q3 FY25-26 POST RESULTS EARNING CALL 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed the transcript of Post results earning call for Q 3 
FY26 held on Monday, 19th January 2026.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking You,    
Yours faithfully  
For Netweb Technologies India Limited       
  
  
 
Lohit Chhabra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Netweb Technologies India Limited Q3 FY’26 
Earnings Call” 
 
January 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY LODHA - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NAVIN LODHA - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANKIT KUMAR SINGHAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. HIRDAY VIKRAM - CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING 
OFFICER, NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV SANCHETI - HEAD OF UIRTUS ADVISORS 
AND IR ADVISOR TO NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES 
MODERATOR: MS. RENU BAID - IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES LIMITED 

[page 3]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Netweb Technologies 3Q FY’26 Earnings Call 
hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid from IIFL Capital Services Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Renu Baid: Thank you. Very good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services, I welcome the 
team of Netweb Technologies for the Q3 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us from the management senior team represented by Mr. Sanjay Lodha – 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Navin Lodha – Whole-Time Director; Mr. Ankit Kumar 
Singhal – CFO; Mr. Hirday Vikram  – Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, and Mr. Sanjeev 
Sancheti – Head of Uirtus Advisors and IR Advisor to Netweb Technologies. 
Without much time, I would now like  to hand over the call to Mr. Sancheti for his opening 
remarks. Thereafter, Mr. Lodha can take over. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Thank you, Renu. Good afternoon to all the participants. Before I hand over the cal l to Mr. 
Sanjay Lodha for the opening remarks, I would like to draw your attention to the safe harbor 
statement in the earnings call presentation. I request each one of you to go through the 
presentation before the Q&A starts so that you are aware of the s afe harbor statement. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Lodha. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you, Renu and Sanjeev. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you to the 
Netweb Technologies Q3 FY’26 earnings call. 
We are proud to state that Netweb has delivered a record-breaking quarter, achieving its highest 
ever income and profit. Quarterly revenue stood at Rs. 8,049 million, registering a strong growth 
of 141% year -on-year and 165% quarter -on-quarter. The Company reported an operating 
EBITDA of Rs. 979 million in Q3 FY’26, reflecting a strong year-on-year growth of 127.1%, 
while profit after tax reached Rs. 733 million, marking a robust 146.7% growth year -on-year. 
During the quarter, Net web successfully executed a large strategic order valued at Rs.  4,504 
million, reaffirming its position as India's largest OEM in high -end computing solutions. As 
communicated earlier, this implementation is of national significance, aimed at strengthening 
India's AI compute infrastructure. 
In this context, we would also lik e to give a broader industry update. As many of you may be 
aware, the global supply chain, particularly for the flash memory and storage, is experiencing a 
strong demand by the rapid acceleration of AI adoption worldwide. This surge has led to industry 
[page 4]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 17 
wide price increases along with tighter availability. However, owing to our proactive supply 
chain planning and long-standing partnerships with key technology providers, we have managed 
these situations very effectively and continued to support our business requirements without any 
disruptions. With the execution of this order, the AI system segment contributed to 64% of Q3 
Financial Year ‘26 revenue and 48% of 9-month Financial Year ‘26 revenue. We would like to 
emphasize that alongside the accelerated growth of AI, our other two core segments of HPC and 
Private Cloud are also witnessing strong and sustained demand. This exceptional performance 
underscores Net web's steadfast commitment to in -house design and manufacturing of next 
generation systems fully compliant with Make in India initiative and highlights our contribution 
to India's emergence as a global hub for high-tech manufacturing. 
Our order book is very robust with organic order book at 5,258 million and strategic order book 
at 17,336 million. This order book along with strong pipeline positions us for strong sustained 
growth over the next few years. Netweb's continued focus on its three strategic growth pillars, 
HPC, Private Cloud and AI systems is enabling us to capitalize on strong industry tailwinds . 
Supported by these core strengths, we continue to remain the technology leader in the high-end 
computing system space. 
I now request Ankit to take you through the financials. Thank you. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Thank you, Mr. Lodha. Good afternoon, ladies an d gentlemen and thank you for joining our 
earnings call. 
Before we open the floor for Q&A, I will provide a brief overview of the financial performance 
for the quarter and the year gone by. I trust that by now you have had the opportunity to review 
our earnings presentation and press release. While our CMD has already discussed the macro 
outlook, I will elaborate on the financial performance, providing a more detailed analysis. 
Our operating income for Q3 FY26 stood at Rs.  8,049 million, showcasing a growth of 141% 
YOY and 165% Q -on-Q. Our operating EBITDA for Q3 FY ’26 stood at Rs. 979 million, 
showcasing a growth of 127.1% YOY and 115.4% Q-on-Q with a margin of 12.2%. Profit after 
tax for Q3 FY’26 stood at Rs. 733 million, showcasing a growth of 146.7% YOY and 133.2% 
Q-on-Q with a margin of 9%. Our operating income for 9-months FY’26 stood at Rs. 14,099 
million, showcasing a growth of 92% YOY. Our operating EBITDA for 9-months FY’26 stood 
at Rs. 1,883 million, showcasing a growth of 88.7% YOY with a margin of 13.4%. Profit after 
tax for 9-months FY’26 stood at Rs. 1,352 million, showcasing a growth of 90.1% YOY with a 
margin of 9.5%. Return on equity for 9-months FY’26 was 30.5% while return on capital 
employed for the same period was 41.3%. Our cash conversion cycle as of December 2025 stood 
at 69 days, reflecting significant improvement compared to the previous quarter. Our balance 
sheet strength is reflected by us being a zero net debt company. The Company had net free cash 
of Rs. 1,900.8 million as on 31st December 2025. 
[page 5]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 17 
Our strategic roadmap and growth priorities remain on track, supported by strong year long term 
momentum, a healthy order book and a solid pipeline. We are positioned to deliver consistent 
revenue and profitability this fiscal year. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Renu Baid. 
Renu Baid: Yes, we can now start with the Q&A session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Seema Nayak: Hi, congrats on a great quarter. So, my first question is, can you tell us the timeline of execution 
of strategic deals? Is it the same as before or are there any changes? And second is regarding the 
HCI and HPC segment growth, which have been rather slow in this quarter. So, what has caused 
this muted growth and how will the growth pan out going forward? 
Sanjay Lodha: So, basically, our guidelines on the execution of the strategic order remains the same. Basically, 
we had guided that one order should be executed by Q4. Actually, it got preponed to Q3.  So, 
basically, you already saw that. And we target to do at least one-third of the order in this year, 
basically, overall. So, guidance remains almost in the same line. As regards to second question 
on muted growth of basically our HPC and private cloud segment, completely I think that's not 
true, because basically, the growth of both the segments have really been growing constantly. 
But what happens is, since basically there is a large order execution, so on a Q-on-Q basis, we 
could, so basically, we cannot, basically, what happens is in our kind of business, it becomes 
very difficult to measure anything quarter-on-quarter basis, actually, because basically, we have 
very large enterprise and government customers.  So, order execution, since basically, as I 
mentioned to you, as since the last strategic order, I have not guided that it will be done in Q3. 
We pulled it to Q3. The same way, basically, quarter -on-quarter, it can vary.  But overall, 
basically, our both the segments, as you might have seen the Q1, Q2 and the overall 9th month 
results are very robust and really are because all those areas are really demanding, like basically 
supercomputing is growing at a good way. And private cloud, again, the datacenter market is 
booming. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So, I just like to add here, Sanjeev here. So, if you look at the YT D growth, then these two 
segments have done over 20%. And there will be some quarters where some segments will do 
better and some segments will be lacking behind. But overall, I think these three segments will 
continue to grow at a very strong pace, as we have guided earlier. Of course, we have to remove 
the strategic order and then see the growth of the other segments, AI segment. 
Seema Nayak: Thanks. My next question is regarding exceptional items. So, many companies have announced 
cost from implementation of new labor codes. So, any reason we have not announced? 
[page 6]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 17 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, Seema, there is no material impact of new labor codes on our financial because as per the 
new labor codes, there is a revision in the wages definition and we were already complied on the 
structure that new labor codes have kind of clarified. So, that is why there was no impact on us. 
Seema Nayak: Got it. Thanks and congratulations. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishant Gupta from Kotak PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishant Gupta: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations for the good set of number. I had just one 
question, more of a strategic question as such. How do you foresee the budget for AI mission 
evolve in coming quarters as the initial allocation orders were only for 4 ,500 odd crores and 
10,000 GPUs? When do you think further orders would get placed and what would be our win 
percentage within that? Thanks so much. 
Sanjay Lodha: The common focus is phenomenal on AI actually. As you might be aware that recently the new 
AI impact summit is being held from 17 th to 20th of February where Prime Minister himself is 
supposed to be sharing the stage with NVIDIA CEO. So, basically there is a lot of focus and 
impetus from the government on the AI side of it and AI mission has been there and basically 
we have always been saying that AI mission will basically roll out and you already started seeing 
it roll out actually. So, as I have been telling continuously, there are two parts of AI mission 
actually. One is they will be taking GPUs on lease from the CSPs and then offering it to the 
startups and basically various kind of bodies who are working on citizen centric services so as 
to enable those kind of development. The second part will be wherein the government will be 
clearly buying the GPUs for their own basically own datacenters and all. The second set of things 
are yet to come but the first has just started. So, there is a lot of pressure on the government also 
to increase their spending and I think there are phenomenal planning and phenomenal execution 
is going on in that case and plus basically there is a lot of assurance and there is lot of the 
statements from the government clearly indicate that they are ready to even offer more money. 
So, I do not think money is a challenge but primarily the spending has started and I think it will 
gain momentum as the time passes on. 
Nishant Gupta: If I could just clarify one small thing. So, in the earlier case, correct me if I am wro ng, in the 
earlier case it was the order was placed for 10,000 GPUs and 4,500 odd crores and in that I 
believe we have 120 -170 odd crores of strategic order which you had announced last quarter. 
Now, has this entire 4,500 odd crores tender been released and orders been placed or we are still 
left with certain orders being placed within that 4,500 odd crores? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes, I would have let Hriday answer that question but basically give me a brief and maybe 
Hriday can take it up from there. So, basically  this was 10,000 crores was the value and the 
number of GPUs was not specified actually. The first thing is that and second is that basically 
[page 7]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 17 
they are not offering the 4,500 crores, the GPU order has not come as yet. Basically, it will come 
in different way actually. Maybe Hriday if you can explain and elaborate that. 
Hirday Vikram: Yes, I will do so. So, basically there are two sets of procurements which are happening right 
now. One is that we have to build the GPU, they want to render the GPU services to the internal 
CSPs. That is one effort of procurement by Government of India. Second procurement is that 
what you were referring to that they have to do the procurement for on-prem infrastructure which 
we have to bring within GPUs. So, that is yet to start. So, what we have been executing so far or 
what we have shown as the strategic orders what we have picked up that is pertaining to the first 
type of procurement what they have done. So, second is yet to start.  I hope this answers your 
question. 
Nishant Gupta: Sure, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Capital Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, my first question is, recently obviously we have been hearing 
a lot about the shortages in memory chips especially for DRAM and HBM. So, A, what is the 
share of DRAM, HBM in our bill of materials and how are you seeing the shortage of these chips 
impacting or having a potential impact on your execution timelines and margins given that most 
of our orders are fixed price in nature? 
Sanjay Lodha: So, basically, as regards to basically the BOM, normally we don't share the BOM actually. That 
basically the percentage of a component in a BOM and actuall y it varies also as per the user 
requirement as per basically what they need and what is their application and all that. So, it is 
not fixed as such. So, but definitely memory and flash and storage is a substantial part of the 
BOM. There is no doubt about that. But answering the question on the other side is that basically 
as we all are aware that there has been huge shortages and huge price jump and all this is 
happening because of the AI demand actually surging worldwide. This is not a domestic event. 
This is an international event wherein basically the complete the AI demand is surging like 
anything and so the manufacturing capability of memory and other things are not able t o cope 
up and that is resulting into shortages and price hikes. So, but you see that even that was 
happening but still we have performed, all our deliveries and our performance has been robust. 
We have grown. Our revenue has grown by such a huge number. That has only happened because 
basically our supply chain planning has been very very effective and since basically you have to 
understand one thing that the industry is experiencing shortages in flash and memory but we 
have we manage this challenge effectively through proactive supply chain planning and strong 
technology partnership. Our focus on high-end niche solutions rather than box pushing allows 
us to maintain deep and long-term relationship with key suppliers which gives us priority access 
to critical components such as storage and memory. For new orders pricing will be aligned with 
the prevailing market dynamics at the time of the order placement. This approach ensures 
transparency while allowing us to continue delivering reliable high -performance sol utions 
[page 8]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 17 
despite ongoing supply constraints. So, it's very clear that basically we are minimally impacted 
and I don't think this will impact either our profits or our delivery timeline. 
Renu Baid: Thank you, sir, for this. The second question is if we look at the organic growth excluding the 
strategic order execution which was done in the current quarter was fairly soft at just about 6% 
YOY. So, if you can share some inputs in terms of how is our capacity lined up to sustain the 
organic growth momentum in 30% to 40% CAGR range which we have been highlighting over 
a longer period timeframe and were there any specific issues in terms of delivery deferments or 
other elements which impacted the organic growth in the particular quarter and what would be 
our guidance on the organic growth side for the annual fiscal ‘26 and fiscal ‘27? 
Sanjay Lodha: Answering your first the last question first as we have been guiding all along that our growth 
will be at 30% to 40% CAGR, we still maintain that on the organic side and we will basically if 
you see the order book that will all give you the confidence it's Rs. 525 crores on the primarily 
on the organic side plus L1 is around Rs. 300 crores that makes us around Rs. 800 crores. So, 
basically order book is really full and we have a very good order book on the organic side that 
gives me the confidence that it will continue at the same way. Your other question was primarily 
on the on the supply, basically on the manufacturing capabilities or the capacity. So, we have 
always been saying that we are not a capacity -based organization, we are a capability -based 
organization. So, primarily basically we don't need to make any kind of, primarily we don't have 
any capacity challenges like manufacturing capacity and all that because we have very clearly 
indicated that up till 2,500 crores to 3,000 crores we our manufacturing facility is almost all very 
very sufficient. We don't need to really invest into CAPEX and all, so that's not a limiting factor. 
But what happens is that definitely once a large order comes in, at some point some small orders 
get pushed into the next quarter. So, that may result into some kind of number kind of changes. 
So, that's the reason I always say that, in our kind of business you cannot see anything on quarter-
on-quarter basis you have to see it at least basically on a year-on-year basis or if not H1-H2 kind 
of a basis. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Even if you look at if you if you ignore the strategic order on a YOY basis we have grown over 
30% for 9-months. 
Renu Baid: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinay Menon: Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, a few 
questions from my side, sir, that margins have come down for us in this quarter and we were 
expecting margins to come down because of the large deal execution and next three quarters we 
will continue to execute this large deal. So, can we expect margins to be in this range for the 
next 2 to 3 quarters? 
[page 9]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 17 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Let me just take this question. So, we have guided that we will be about 200 basis points lower 
at the PBT level on the strategic order because obviously these are very strategic large order and 
that's the way these orders would come. So, if you kind of remove the strategic order and do a 
weighted average then you will see that we would have done a PAT margin of about 9.9% in the 
quarter and YTD above 10%. I mean I think we continue to guide the same , in strategic order 
we will be about 200 basis points lesser on the PBT level and whatever mix we then achieve 
every quarter probably you can be guided by that. 
Vinay Menon: Okay, so just to understand because we did 15% margins for the last two quarters and you had 
mentioned that these are exceptional margins and the range will still be between 13 to 14. So, is 
that the range we should take for the constant business going ahead? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes, you are absolutely right because you can very well understand, in today's market dynamics 
if we are able to just take up orders worth 500 crores at 200 basis points below, I think we should 
be complimented for that, because it's really in this world which is very dynamic and which is 
really basically all these kind of solutions are being sold and adopted in spite of everything. So, 
definitely that helps that speaks a lot about our Company's products and the range of solution. 
Vinay Menon: Okay, yes completely agree, sir. And just two more questions. One is on the cash flow. So, in 
the first half we posted 100 crore plus cash flow from operation (CFO). So, for 9-months what's 
the status and is there any inventory pile up for the execution which we will do for the next few 
quarters? 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, Vinay as far as inventory pile up is concerned. So, all inventory is basically for our upcoming 
orders and stocking of our critical components. So, there is no pile up as su ch if you see our 
inventory days were maintained at 60 days as of 31st December and regarding the cash flows we 
had positive operating cash flows in this quarter by close to like… 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Quarter was Rs. 33 crores and YTD was about Rs. 134 crores. Cash flow from operating 
activities. Inventory days itself says that there is no inventory pile up. 
Vinay Menon: Yes. I just want to understand for Q4 how are we placed so that we can get clarity for the year. 
Sanjay Lodha: Inventory planning is ve ry good. The supply chain planning has been happening very well. 
Actually, the technology providers are helping us. So, definitely we are very, I don't think we 
have anything to worry on the inventory side actually seriously. 
Vinay Menon: Okay, and just on e last question from my side sir. Like you've seen the way like ASICs are 
coming as an alternative to GPUs and like there is a big risk that GPU demand might just come 
down in H2 of ‘27 and how are we placing ourselves for that because we do have a very good 
relation with NVIDIA but are we looking to build relations with people who are in ASICs like 
you know Google or Broadcom. Is that a plan for the Company? 
[page 10]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 17 
Sanjay Lodha: Actually, really speaking if you really see the kind of today you are seeing that mem ory 
shortages, shortage of storage and everything is happening because of the AI demand surge. 
Okay, so what my personal feeling is that we are at the tip of the iceberg actually really speaking. 
People may talk about bubble and all but basically what my f eeling is definitely AI has just 
started and basically if you see the demand, the worldwide demand that answers it very well.  
Nobody can sustain that but there is a wishful thinking that we need a substitute. Definitely, so 
Netweb is a very open company. We are not married to anybody that we have to work with only 
NVIDIA or somebody else. So, we are very clear and we are always open to working on new 
technologies. The only thing which we work is that we work on complete technology 
indigenously. We design our hardware, we manufacture our hardware, our software, everything 
in India. So, basically it may be Google, it may be anybody else. We are more than glad to work 
if there is market adoption and market dynamics desire that we are fully capable of doing that. 
Vinay Menon: Okay, thank you so much. Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: Hi, sir. First of all, congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, I was just having the question 
regarding our order book. Our organic order book is strong and obviously the L1 is combining 
around more than Rs. 800 crores but for the strategic order, are you seeing any kind of deal or 
any big size of order for the next longer term for next 1 to 2 years? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes, definitely yes because basically a lot of discussions going on. There is a lot of activity 
happening but strategic orders we are not guiding as earlier. Strategic orders we are announcing 
as we are winning it. So, we will maintain the same stand. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. Thank you. All my other questions have been answered. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand B from Ksema Wealth Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand B: Good evening, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have three questions. The first 
one is regarding your import components and your hedging policy for that. So, do you have a 
hedging policy for any import, the prices of any import fluctuations and just give a sense of what 
you have in that? 
Sanjay Lodha: We have a hedging policy for currency fluctuations. The CFO will elaborate. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, there is a hedging policy very well adopted and to talk about it, we also have forward contract 
as on December end which close to like cover our 60% of our payables pertaining to the import 
payables. So, we are very well monitoring the situation on currency and doing the effective 
hedging wherever necessary. And just to appraise, there is an MTM gain also, although that is 
unrealized, but it comes out to be close to 2.8 crore of gain, which is appearing in our other 
income category. 
[page 11]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 17 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So, we have a clear hedging policy and obviously, the accounting is there as per the accounting 
standards. 
Anand B: Okay. That is good. And second thing, in your 1st Quarter concall, you mentioned that you have 
some plans regarding quantum computing. Can you just elaborate a bit on like what sort of plans 
you have in quantum computing? Is it like making quantum computers or related to software in 
quantum computing? Can you elaborate on that? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Actually, then also I told you, please have some patience. Once we have the complete quantum 
policy, we will come to you and we will let you know for basically market interest. At this point 
of time, for competitive information, we would not like to share our plans on quantum as yet. 
But definitely, we are working on the background. Once we have it ready to disclose, we will 
disclose it. 
Anand B: Okay. That's fine. And my third question is, today you made a post saying that, like for FY’26, 
the top line growth will come to around Rs. 2,000 crores. So, but would the revenue go beyond 
that? Are you still sticking to around Rs. 2,000 crores topline growth in FY’26? 
Sanjay Lodha: As basically as earlier also, we don't guide by the final number actually. You're already seeing 
the Company growing at a phenomenal rate. So, definitely, basically, we will only guide that 
our growth will be between 30% to 40% CAGR on the organic side. We will still maintain that. 
Anand B: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Jha from SB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Jha: Actually, most of the question has been answered. But I want to understand what exactly you do 
in AI system. Like if you get a India AI order. So, are you providing GPUs? Or you are doing 
model development? If you are providing GPUs, then why depreciation is not there? 
Sanjay Lodha: So, basically, you will have to understand depreciation in order, that my CFO will answer you. 
But basically, what we are trying to do, you need to understand that , we are designing the 
complete AI server actually. Okay, basically on the NVIDIA and all these people, we work with 
them, we have access to the roadmaps around more than around 18 months in advance, wherein 
we work with a ll the new design and architecture, we developed a very efficient product.  We 
then basically once the design is done, then basically we buy chipsets from various technology 
providers. And then we have our own manufacturing capability where we manufacture it. And 
then we finally sell it. And once we sell it, they basically that is along with the GPUs. GPUs is 
only one component of the server.  GPUs by itself will not run actually, they need to be 
completely a part of the server actually. So, GPU come as chip to us. Okay, then that get 
integrated into the server.  And then we sell it to the customer. So, the ownership is not ours. 
Once we sell it to the customer, the customer runs it, runs the GPU.  Maybe I will get Ankit 
answer it. 
[page 12]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 17 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, the business model is when we manufacture servers, we afferently sell it to the customer. 
For customer, it's a CAPEX purchase. It may be a CAPEX purchase. For customer, for us, it's a 
revenue event. 
Shashank Jha: Okay, so basically, you are a provider, service provider here, actually. 
Sanjay Lodha: Basically, beneath the application layer, we have got the complete stack which we provide. It's 
not basically that we are a provider of one type of component only. Benea th the application 
layer, we write some , compute, the interconnect the storage, and then the complete AI cloud 
stack and on top of it, the middleware. So, all these things are basically given in the form of a 
solution bias. It's not basically just that we are supplying the GP chipset because as we mentioned 
that GPU chipsets will not alone work on the system. So, that's the reason it has to be understood 
as a complete solution which we are providing. 
Shashank Jha: Okay, then what is your role in data center s? Like, do you have a different segment?  It's 
confusing for us a little bit. Like AI system, datacenter, it's all related. So, there is a little bit of 
confusion as to exactly what you do here and what you do there? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Datacenter provider is our customer, we sell the entire system along with software. I will give 
you an example. The travel agent will give vehicle for rent. The manufacturer will sell it. We 
are manufacturers here, please understand. Then it is depreciation for one who those who give 
it out on rent. I am getting the sale income for manufacturing. Is it clear now? 
Shashank Jha: Yes. You buy GPU, you don’t manufacture it for companies like NVIDIA, right? 
Sanjay Lodha: How can we make GPU, we take the chip of GPU, NVIDIA gives us GPU. GPU will not run 
like the vehicle. GPU chip needs to be integrated to motherboard. They only it begins. 
Shashank Jha: Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chi-Ho Wong from Pictet AM. Please go ahead. 
Chi-Ho Wong: Hi, Sanjay and management. Thank you. Congratulations on the very strong earnings. I want to 
ask about the constraint because apparently your revenue is growing very fast. You talk about 
you don't have manufacturing constraint, but do you see any other constraint like labor, talent, 
and recently after you have an IPO doing very well, does that help you for your overall 
acquisition, talent acquisition strategy? And is that maybe a long-term line? Can you update how 
many people you actually have in the Company? And maybe on a year basis, how many 
engineers? How are you doing on the talent front? Thank you. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you for your question. It's a very good question, sir. Thank you for asking such a question, 
actually. So, really speaking, basically, Netweb is a company which is very clearly focused into 
its niche segments. We don't want to get into any kind of basically box pushing or basically 
volume manufacturing kind of situation. So, we have kept our focus very clear. I think Netweb 
[page 13]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 17 
is successful because of that only. Net web has kept its focus very clearly into the 
supercomputing, into the private cloud, into AI. And all the three segments contribute 90% of 
my business. And all these three segments we are doin g for years together. None of these 
segments started somewhere a few years back. All the segments are more than 10 years old for 
us. So, basically, the major talent which we faced while we went IPO actually, I don't know 
whether I met you earlier or not, but I think I should have told you that basically what happened 
is that basically, earlier when we went IPO because we wanted to retain our talent and to hire 
new talent. We were 240 people while we went IPO. Today we are 600 plus. So, definitely that 
thing has been addressed very well because basically it has given us more visibility. Plus 
basically, so the technical talent is very, very important for us. If you know we are a product 
company, we are not a services company. So, we invest quite heavily on R&D. So, R&D talent 
is very important for us. Our R&D team is around 100 plus people, both software and hardware 
together. So, I think we have been able to definitely clearly been able to come away with the 
constant which we had primarily on the talent side. And we are doing very good on that. But 
definitely we are always looking for new talent, good talent. So, you will always find if you go 
to our LinkedIn page, you will find a lot of openings actually at all times actually. So, we are 
always looking for better talent, good talent. So, that is definitely that is ongoing process. But I 
would like to tell you that we are much better off. As regards finance and all, basically really see 
we are a zero debt company. Our debt raising power is phenomenal. But basically we don't need 
debt actually because we are able to manage our finances very, very clearly. Our technology 
relationships also basically helps us so as to handle the supply chain also. Because we have large 
technology relationships with three or four maj or vendors which are also very long term 
relationships. These are not any short term relationships that is helping us. So, currently even in 
the situation where we had the storage and the memory is under shortage, but we get good 
adequate support. Same way basically with NVIDIA also we are currently working on the 
currently orders which we are fulfilling are based on Blackwell 200, which is same as any other 
large OEM doing in the world. So, basically in India also we are trying to do this. India is not at 
the back, India is at the forefront. We are already working on B300, GB300 on the latest chipsets. 
Same way on the Intel si de we are working on the latest chipsets. Again on the AMD we are 
again working on the latest chipsets. So, basically before the product release we have access to 
the roadmaps, we start working.  So, the niche and the focus always helps us. And on the 
manufacturing side also we don't find any constraint really speaking. Because you saw the 
growth but still we are saying that we don't want to increase our CAPEX primarily till the 
revenue of 2,500 crores to 3,000 crores. So, approximately we are very good at that. The other 
thing is basically acquisitions and all, definitely we are looking for acquisitions, but we are 
looking for acquisitions which can fast up our R&D process. Because we are basically whatever 
business we are doing we are very happy with it and  all the three areas are very -very growth 
areas. But tomorrow instead if we can invest our own engineering team six months to one year 
to develop something wherein, we can do acquisition which can speed up that process, that 
would be good. So, we are looking for such acquisitions primarily. I hope I am able to answer 
your question. 
Chi-Ho Wong: Okay, thank you. 
[page 14]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers again. Hirday sir, this is a 
question to you with reference to earlier question. With Google's TPU and Amazon's Trainium 
OpenAI tie-up with Broadcom, have you also started doing some design R&D on these kind of 
a platform? Because as of now we are in prevalence and partnership with the AMD Intel and 
NVIDIA. So, do you believe these hyperscalers new chips can be also adopted by the enterprises 
or this could be more for their internal work? 
Hirday Vikram: So, thanks, Sandeepji, for your question. So, first of all I would say that as we mentioned earlier 
also for example for quantum we are unable to disclose much details at this stage. Likewise for 
chip designing etc. as well we are unable to disclose too many details at this stage.  Maybe we 
can discuss one-on-one on this front. But yes, as we mentioned clearly that we are working on 
different technologies already. Be it x86 architecture based systems, be it NVIDIA based GPU 
system architecture or the other probable options which are available. So, we are working on all 
those fronts. But yes, I mean disclosing the details at this stage would be too early for us to do it 
in this call. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay, fair enough and just a clarification our target of one third for strategic order by Q4 of this 
financial year is for the total strategic order size of Rs. 2,184 Cr. right? 
Sanjay Lodha: That is correct, Sandeepji. That's our target. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay and Sanjay sir , is it fair to assume even in 4th Quarter we can have a credit for PLI if 
government approval comes on within that time? 
Sanjay Lodha: Looks like. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay and last question any other order pipeline getting created for the strategic order maybe for 
the first type of process? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes that's an ongoing process Sandeepji. There is a huge basically opportunity on our hand 
which we are constantly working but as we mentioned we are not guiding on the strategic orders 
we are announcing as we are getting it. So, we still maintain the same. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay and sir last question 4th Quarter  is generally seasonally strong for business outside 
strategic orders. Do you believe same can repeat in this financial year as well? 
Sanjay Lodha: Your wishful thinking really helps us to think positive. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay sir, thank you. 
[page 15]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisory 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Aman Soni: Firstly, congrats for good set of numbers. Sir with the recent spike in the commodity price 
especially copper, this is critical for power transmission and datacenter infrastructure. How do 
you see the impact on economies and timelines of AI led datacenters deployment in India? Are 
you observing any deferment of orders demand slowdown or longer decision cycle for customers 
due to high power and infra cost or does the AI driven demand remain largely insulated? 
Sanjay Lodha: Sir, actually your question is really interesting but basically actually I personally feel the copper 
prices are going up because of the datacenter demand rather than basically copper pricing 
restricting datacenter demand it seems a very very far thought thing actually. Really speaking, 
because the way the datacenters are growing definitely copper prices are really I think getting 
stronger because of that, overall mental sentiments are different but still I feel that's the reason. 
So, I personally feel because the datacenter boom and the kind of opportuni ty is there I don't 
think copper pricing will really impact or slow down the growth or something. Definitely it will 
factor in, the basically the cost will be higher because of electrical components and all we don't 
deal in most of them . We also use copper  but our copper use is limited . It is not that much 
actually primarily we have some copper use in our servers actually and some components it's 
being used but still I personally feel that these prices whatever price hike is happening on the 
copper side of , the industry is such a basically vast high technology industry will easily be 
absorbed and it won't slow it down. 
Aman Soni: Okay sir, thank you. Understood. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Raman KV: Hello sir. Sir I have two questions basically. One is I just want to understand what's the difference 
between your organic order book and strategic order book? Like, is the difference between like 
in terms of revenue recognition or the project cost? That's my first question. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Okay, so when we said what is organic -inorganic, there are certain very large possible orders 
which the company is pursuing business. These will be large orders which generally could be 
400-500 to 1000 crores. We call them strategic order. There are no difference in the accounting 
policy the revenue recognition etc. On the margin side, larger order we've already guided that 
these will be about 200 basis points lower at the PBT level I think t hat's the difference there 
otherwise no difference in the accounting treatment etc. I hope that answers you. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And so if I'm excluding this execution of this strategic order in Q3, our 9-month 
revenue comes around 1000 or 1100 with the current quarter revenue around Rs. 400 crores if 
my understanding is right. Am I right? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Should be in the same. 
[page 16]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 17 
Sanjay Lodha: More or less right. 
Raman KV: So, basically on X of strategic order we are able to do around 400 crores of revenue on a quarterly 
basis? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: No, we are not saying that. Every quarter will not be same. We are not a FMCG company, please 
understand. So, be guided by what we have given for an annual guidance, quarter-on-quarter it 
is it's not cast in stone that every quarter will be Rs. 400 crores. 
Raman KV: No, I just want to understand whether this business is a like a cyclical or periodic which in 
essence basically whether the first half is better in terms of revenue recognition or usually like a 
EMS company where the revenue flows towards the end of the year. So, I just want to understand 
that from that point of view. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: There may be some difference in first half and second half but quarter on quarter different year 
we have seen different quarters doing better so in some years we have seen , Q3 to be the best 
some year we've seen Q4 to be best, It is impossible… 
Raman KV: So, basically, second half is better? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Second half is better than the first half. 
Raman KV: Okay and so this 500 crores of organic order book what's the timeline for you to execute these 
orders on a ballpark figure? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 450 is already billed, right? 
Raman KV: Organic order. 
Sanjay Lodha: Order book is basically our order book billing cycle is 12 weeks to 16 weeks normally. 
Raman KV: And how long will it will this L1 order of around Rs. 300 crores will it take for you to recognize 
in the order book like convert it to a proper order book? 
Sanjay Lodha: I think within next 8 to 10 weeks it should be there. 
Raman KV: Okay sure. Thank you, sir. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
[page 17]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 17 
Onkar Ghugardare: Sir I just had one question with everything looking so positive , what could go wrong with the 
business and I'm not talking about the short-term challenges here like chip and all talking about 
some long-term, any long-term issues you could face which coul d derail the growth of your 
Company? 
Sanjay Lodha: I'll have to spend a night to think about it  
Onkar Ghugardare: If you can just highlight 3-4 main points that would be helpful. 
Sanjay Lodha: Let me tell you. Like basically like if you really see this is I think the 12th quarterly result which 
I have presented after listing . You will see consistently every quarter we have grown , every 
basically if you really see basically the growth has been very very consistent. It's very difficult 
to do this kind of business because this is just because of a niche and focus so basically I think 
it's a we are not into a volume company or something of that nature. So, it's primarily quite good 
and overall we feel we don't find any major kind of any black swan event if it comes tomorrow 
if earthquake comes or basically something happens to the world and company we also cannot 
do anything about it but overall other than that I don't see any major challenge ahead. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Like you are saying that 3 0%-40% kind of growth. I mean even if maybe in next 2 odd years 
your base goes up. That 30%-40% run rate is quite achievable, you are saying that? 
Sanjay Lodha: At least next 2 to 3 years we are we are targeting that. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Okay, are you thinking anything about the capacity addition after 2,500 crores-3,000 crores? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes, definitely some kind of, we are capability based. So, it's an ongoing process which keeps 
on going. So, definitely that requirement will there, we are fully keen to do that. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Like how much time it will take for you to like ramp up that once you start doing it? 
Sanjay Lodha: Again, these plants are very very close to the Company actually, for competitive information, 
we would not like to share that. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: But just to kind of give you the comfort that a business will not be constrained by capacity. 
Sanjay Lodha: That's true. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: We'll do what it needs to be done if we have business to be done. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Thank you, sir. That helps, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Miloni Mehta from Monarch capital. Please go 
ahead. 
[page 18]
 Netweb Technologies India Limited 
January 19, 2026 
 
 Page 17 of 17 
Miloni Mehta: Thank you for the opportunity but actually most of my questions are already being answered. 
Sanjay Lodha: Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint this was the last question for today. I 
now have the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Renu Baid: Thank you everyone for your patience participation. I would now like the to hand over the call 
to Mr. Sanjay Lodha for his closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you, Renuji. Thank you to participants and great partnership and the great trust which 
you have instilled upon us. We'll do our level best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much . On behalf of IIFL C apital Services Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
