[page 1]
 
Netweb Technologies India Limited 
Plot No. H-1, Block-H, Pocket No. 9, Faridabad Industrial Town, Sector-57, Faridabad, 
Haryana 121004 
Tel. No. : +91-129-2310400 
Website: www.netwebindia.com; E-mail : complianceofficer@netwebindia.com 
 
CIN : L72100HR1999PLC103911 
Date: 07.05.2026 
To,   
The Manager   
Listing Department   
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400001   
Scrip Code: 543945   
To,  
The Manager   
Listing Department   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra East, Mumbai- 400051  
Scrip Code: NETWEB   
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF Q4 FY26 POST RESUL TS EARNING CALL 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Post results earnings call for Q4 FY26 held on Monday, 
04th May 2026 at 3.30 PM.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking You,    
Yours faithfully  
For Netweb Technologies India Limited       
  
  
  
Lohit Chhabra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Netweb Technologies India Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 04, 2026 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY LODHA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. NAVIN LODHA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. ANKIT KUMAR SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER --  
 MR. HIRDEY VIKRAM – CHIEF SALES AND 
MARKETING OFFICER – NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. MUKUL KEDIA – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER  
 MR. SANJEEV SANCHETI – HEAD UIRTUS ADVISORS, 
IR ADVISOR – NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  MS. SEEMA NAYAK – ICICI SECURITIES  
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Netweb Technologies Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Seema Nayak: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome everyone to 
Netweb Technologies Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call. We have the pleasure of having with us the 
senior management team of Netweb Technologies, led by CMD, Mr. Sanjay Lodha; Whole-
Time Director, Mr. Navin Lodha; CFO, Mr. Ankit Kumar Singhal; Chief Sales and Marketing 
Officer, Mr. Hirdey Vikram; Chief Strategy Officer, Mukul Kedia; and Head of Uirtus Advisors, 
the IR Advis or to Netweb Technologies, Mr. Sanjeev Sanch eti. So, without further delay, I'd 
like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Thank you, Seema. Good afternoon to all the participants. Before I hand over the call to Mr. 
Sanjay Lodha for the opening remarks, I would like to draw your attention to the Safe Harbor 
statement in the earnings call presentation. I request each one of you to go through the 
presentation thoroughly before the Q&A starts so that you are aware of the same. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Lodha. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you, Seema and Sanjeev. Good afternoon, and warm welcome to all of you to Netweb 
Technologies Q4 Financial Year '26 Earnings Call. We are pleased to announce that Netweb 
Technologies delivered a landmark year with the revenue from operations reachin g INR21,836 
million in financial year '26, reflecting a strong year-on-year growth of 90%. This record annual 
performance underscores the strength of our business model and accelerating demand for high-
end computing systems in India. 
 For Q4 financial year '26, revenue from operations stood at INR7,737 million, growing at 86.6% 
year-on-year, demonstrating strong execution momentum as we closed the year on a high note. 
PAT for the quarter stood at INR706 million, representing 65.7% year -on-year growth with a 
PAT margin of 9%. For the full year, PAT stood at INR2,058 million, up by 80.9% year-on-year 
with a PAT margin of 9.3%. 
 These results reflect not just top line momentum, but disciplined margin sustained across our 
businesses. The defining highlight of financial year '26 has been the performance of our AI 
segment, which grew by 459.6% year-on-year. This growth was a result of years of focused in-
house R&D, enabling us to design and manufacture some of the world's most powerful latest 
generation AI systems, combined with disciplined planning and execution of large strategically 
significant national scale orders. 
 AI systems contributed 43.4% of our total operating revenue in financial year '26, a 
transformational shift from a revenue mix that firmly positions our Netweb's -- our total 
[page 4]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
operating revenue positions Netweb at the center of AI infrastructure build -out. The other two 
core segments, HPC and Private Cloud continues to exhibit robust demand, reinforcing the 
breadth and resilience of our technology portfolio. 
 The performance is a direct reflection of Netweb's unwavering commitment to in -house design 
and manufacture of next -gen high -end computing system. This fully aligns with global 
phenomenon of sovereign compute infra needs, which is very well addressed by N etweb and 
country's Make in India vision. We take immense pride in creating significant impact in 
strengthening India's emergence as a credible global hub for high -technology manufacturing, 
which will benefit the nation for decades to come. 
 Beyond our own performance, we believe India stands at a threshold of generational opportunity 
in artificial intelligence. With the world's largest pool of digital users, a fast maturing data 
ecosystem, a major boost to indigenous foundation models and de cisive policy momentum 
through India AI Mission supported by Make in India, the country is poised to emerge as one of 
the most prominent AI economies of the world. 
 Central to this vison is government's clear focus on sovereign AI infrastructure, ensuring that 
the compute, data and models powering India's digital future is built, owned and operated within 
the country. The build -out of indigenous AI compute is no long er aspirational. It is a strategic 
national imperative tied directly to economic competitiveness, data security and technological 
self-reliance. 
 As India's only full -stack domestic provider for high -end computing systems, Netweb is 
uniquely positioned to power this transition. Our strategy remains firmly anchored on our 3 
growth pillars: HPC, Private Cloud and AI systems, supported by our establis hed technology 
leadership in the high-end computing system space for large order pipeline. 
 As we step into financial year '27 from a position of strength with a firm order book of around 
INR2,100 crores and an L1 inclusive order book of INR2,400 crores, day one of financial year 
'27, we already have on our books more than what we had billed for all of last year. We see a 
long runway of growth ahead. We remain committed to investing in R&D, manufacturing depth 
and talent to ensure India's AI ambition are built on  strong foundations and that Netweb 
continues to create durable long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
 I now request Ankit to take through the financials. Thank you. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Thank you, Mr. Lodha. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining our 
earnings call. Before we open the floor for Q&A, I will provide a brief overview of the financial 
performance for the quarter and the year gone by. I trust by that n ow you have had the 
opportunity to review our earnings presentation and press release. 
 While our CMD has already discussed the macro-outlook, I will elaborate on the financial 
performance, providing a more detailed analysis. First, on the quarterly numbers. Our operating 
income for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR7,737 million, showcasing a growth of 86.6% Y -o-Y. Our 
adjusted operating EBITDA for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR1,018 million, showcasing a growth of 
[page 5]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
71.8% Y -o-Y. Adjusted EBITDA includes the impact of mark -to-market losses on certain 
payables against which corresponding hedging gains were recorded. 
 As per accounting standard, MTM losses are recognized within expenses, while related hedging 
gains are classified under other income. To better reflect the operating performance, hedging 
gains of INR52.4 million have been added back to EBITDA to the extent they offset the MTM 
losses on the same underlying payables. Our operating EBITDA for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR966 
million, showcasing a growth of 63% Y -o-Y. Profit after tax for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR706 
million, showcasing a growth of 65.7% Y-o-Y with a margin of 9%. 
 Now moving on to the annual numbers.  Operating income for the full year FY '26 stood at 
INR21,836 million, showcasing a growth of 90% Y -o-Y. Adjusted operating EBITDA for FY 
'26 stood at INR2,901 million, showcasing a growth of 82.4% Y -o-Y. Operating EBITDA for 
the full year FY '26 stood at INR2,848 million, showcasing a growth of 79.1% Y -o-Y. Profit 
after tax for the full year FY '26 stood at INR2,058 million, showcasing a growth of 80.9% Y -
o-Y with a margin of 9.3%. 
 Now I would like to throw some light on key balance sheet ratios.  Return on equity stood at a 
healthy 32.9%, while return on capital employed for the same period was 37.5%. The gross fixed 
asset turnover ratio stood at 33.2x as on 31st March 2026. Our cash conversion cycle as at March 
2026 stood at 84 days. Receivable days improved from 114 days in December 2025 to 86 days 
in March 2026, reflecting stronger collections. 
 Inventory days increased from 60 days in December 2025 to 86 days in March 2026, primarily 
on account of buildup of raw material stock both to support the execution of large strategic orders 
and to secure adequate inventory of key inputs in light of surging global demand of AI compute 
infrastructure. 
 Our balance sheet strength is reflected by us being a zero-net-debt company. The company had 
net free cash of INR833 million as on 31st March 2026. The net cash generated from operating 
activities was INR1,715 million for the financial year 2026. The Board has recommended a 
dividend of INR3 per share, subject to shareholders' approval. 
 Our strategic road map and growth priorities remains on track, supported by huge demand for 
high-end computing solution, a healthy order book and a solid pipeline, we are positioned to 
deliver consistent revenue and profitability in the upcoming fiscal ye ar. Looking ahead, we 
remain confident of sustaining strong momentum and are guiding a growth -- revenue growth of 
35% to 40% over the next couple of years. With this, I'll now hand over the call to Seema. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. First question 
is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. 
Renu Baid: Congratulations for the good performance. So, the first question is, while we had alluded to the 
fact that sequentially execution will be broadly flattish, can you throw inputs in terms of despite 
significantly higher share of organic growth coming in from the base business, our gross margins 
technically have not improved. The EBITDA margin sequentially w as broadly at 12.5%. So, 
[page 6]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
what has constrained the margin expansion despite a significant jump up in base business 
revenues this quarter? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So Renu, just a couple of things. One that it is not that the strategic orders have been lagging 
behind. It's just that they spilled over to the next quarter, okay? So, we are on track on that. And 
we entered the new financial with a very strong order book of about INR2,100 crores plus about 
INR350 crores of the L1. 
 So, we entered with INR2,400 crores, which is more than the last year's revenue. As far as the 
margins are concerned, I think you need to see the margin adjusted of the forex loss and gain. 
So actually, we've done better than the last quarter, and that is reflective of how the margin is 
perceived to be, and it is within the guidance. 
Renu Baid: Sure. Because I was looking at the gross margin level, which sequentially does not show 
improvement there. Understand. That's point number one. And point number two, how are we 
looking at the pipeline of order flows, both for the base business? Also on the strategic business, 
we haven't heard of any meaningful large order wins for L1 in the last couple of quarters. So 
how is the order pipeline from the private service providers as well as from the direct government 
orders for the AI infrastructure here? 
Sanjay Lodha: Renu Ji, actually, if you really see what I said in my commentary very, very clearly, basically, 
the way the business is looking to me is really fabulous, actually, really speaking. I'm showing 
an order book of around basically INR2,100 crores. But if I add the L1, it is INR2,400 crores, 
which is more than the order -- more than my revenue -- current year's revenue. 
 I think that itself is a very, very solid thing if you really see at the beginning of the year, we are 
entering a year with a very, very too heavy and too robust order book already, okay? So whatever 
has to be added will be added. And plus -- so as to bas ically organic business is growing, that 
means that our run rate and our other business is growing. 
 The company is not dependent on strategic orders, as I have always been telling you that 
primarily the company is running primarily on its own organic way and it's growing in its organic 
way. The strategic orders we are announcing as and when it is coming . We have a lot of 
discussions. 
 You are aware about the kind of AI demand, which is happening not only in India, but across 
the world, okay? And basically -- and it seems like it will go on for at least the next 18 to 24 
months. So we have a huge basically pipeline wherein basically a lot of opportunities are there. 
And I think there is -- there will be no dearth of orders actually, really speaking. 
Renu Baid: Got it. So basically, extra strategic orders of almost INR16 billion, INR16.5 billion, the base 
order book today is about INR5 billion. And including the L1 orders, it should add up close to 
INR900 crores or INR9 billion, if I am right in terms of numbers. Does that broadly fall in place? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Order book -- so I think the total order book, if you look today is INR2,100 crores plus about 
INR300 crores. So INR2,400 plus INR100 crores is the order book, including L1. And to that, 
[page 7]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
you add INR4,400 crores of pipeline. So that will stack up to, let's say, about how much -- 
INR6,500 crores. So that's the total, including pipeline and order book. 
Renu Baid: Sure. No, I was just referring to the base orders, excluding strategic. So strategic orders in the 
backlog is about close to INR16 billion, INR16.5 billion. And if I knock that off from the INR64 
billion order book, including L1, then today, we have close to INR800... 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes, you are right. Yes, you are rightly saying that. 
Renu Baid: Got it. So base business should be on track for 30% to 35% CAGR growth that we have been 
suggesting? 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes. Basically, I think seeing the order book yourself will get that conviction. 
Renu Baid: Right. And on the operating margins, do we think the cost headwinds in the current environment, 
we have been fully able to pass through? And EBITDA margins of 13%, 13.5%, are they 
sustainable going forward for '27, '28? And what would be your headline guidance for fiscal '27 
on revenue, EBITDA margins and capex? 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically, it will remain almost all the same. I will let Ankit answer it. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Yes. So -- Renu, so on the operating EBITDA margins, we are guiding 13% to 14%. If you 
understand that there is a high top line growth, and we are still sustaining the EBITDA margin. 
So that primarily gives the validation and the resilience in the margins  we are maintaining. So 
in this way, all -- if you see with this growth, the leverage is already embedded in the margins. 
So that's why we are guiding this 13% to 14% range for the next couple of years. And on the 
revenue growth, we are guiding 35% to 40% growth. 
Renu Baid: And capex for fiscal '27, what are the plans there? 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, with the current capex, we are able to sustain the growth. There is no capex expansion. No 
significant capex is expected in this financial year '27. So, there will be the routine capex that 
will be coming across. 
Renu Baid: Okay. So, we can expect the INR20 crores, INR25 crores of base spending will continue? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Yes, more or less. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities. 
Seema Nayak: Congrats on good organic growth. So how will the timeline for execution of the remaining 
strategic order wins pan out? That's my first question. And second question is regarding data 
center growth, which has slowed down. So can you share the reason behind  it? Are we seeing 
increased competition there? And what will be the target cash conversion cycle for FY '27? Yes, 
these are my questions. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Strategic order time line. 
[page 8]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically -- strategic orders time line, basically, it's -- definitely, as we have mentioned it, I 
think it is expected it to be done quarter -by-quarter. And we expect that -- within the next 3 
quarters, I think we expect it to be done, okay, as regards to the strategic order is concerned. The 
next question was... 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Next question was the data center de-growth. 
Sanjay Lodha: Yes. Basically, I think you need to see it, ma'am, actually very clearly. There are 3 pillars of 
growth actually, which we have. Basically, just don't go by the name. The first is the HPC, that 
is supercomputing. That's already growing, and that has been always been around 30% of our 
business. But since this year, AI became 43% of our business, still it's 24% of our busine ss. So 
it's not -- it's not stagnating. It's growing. 
 But basically, since AI is growing much faster actually. Actually, the data center in our case is 
the Private Cloud and HCI. Please understand that. Basically -- so these are the 3 pillars. First is 
HPC, second is Private Cloud and third is AI. And Privat e Cloud is the data center business, 
which used to be around 30%, 35% of the business that is showing us 24% because, again, 
because of the AI, AI was 15%, it has become 43%, so that's the reason you're s eeing that 
number. 
 But in reality, it is growing at a good momentum, definitely not growing as good as AI, but 
definitely, it's growing at a good momentum. The data center, which you are saying there is no 
de-growth. The data center servers, which you are saying, that's not a focus area for us because 
we are not in the box selling, it was only some marginal 5% of the business, and it's around that. 
So we don't even track it. Our business, if you see totality, more than 95% comes from these 3 
segments, HPC, Private Cloud and AI systems. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Third question was the cash conversion cycle. Yes. So -- Seema, so our cash conversion cycle 
typically operates from 90 to 110 days. Now this is something which cannot be projected for 
next year at least, but we would like to say that the range will remai n like that. There will be 
some increase in the inventory days projected for this year also. So -- but we will stay within the 
range of 90 to 110. That's what we feel. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Harinder Singh from Blackstone. 
Harinder Singh: Sir, my question is basically on the India AI demand. So India is somewhere around 1 gigawatt, 
1.5 gigawatt current. And by 2030, the country plan is to go up to 9 gigawatt. So first question 
is the way the industry -- as a country, we are going to grow from 1.5 gigawatt to 9 gigawatt, do 
you see your industry growth in line with the current country expectation? 
 And second question is a lot of hyperscalers like Amazon, Microsoft, they are going very 
aggressive in the country, and they are building up more than 1 gigawatt capacity in Hyderabad, 
Mumbai. So like I saw Yotta as your one of the customer. Are you focused on hyperscalers? Or 
like do you have any growth plans going into directly hyperscalers rather than the colocation 
providers? So... 
[page 9]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Sanjay Lodha: Basically, first thing is that India AI Mission is based on many pillars. Actually, there are 5 or 7 
pillars out there, actually, really speaking. And government, you know that Prime Minister's 
focus is very, very clearly on the -- basically, India has to become a leading country for providing 
AI solutions actually. 
 So, the government has been very clearly focusing upon it, has been working very hard and have 
been trying to bring AI on the forefront for the country so that India makes an impact to the 
world on the AI space actually. And so that is going on very well in track. Government's current 
spending budget, they are even ready to expand that also if they're able to do it. So it's really -- 
the budget is not the main criteria there. 
 The criteria is how fast they are able to spend the money and how fast they are able to get in the 
new infrastructure. So there are 2 parts of it, as we have been telling you -- telling every time 
that one is basically government is trying to basically re nt out GPUs from various new cloud 
providers like Yotta and others. And basically, another is that government is trying to set up 
their own infra. 
 So setting up their own infra is taking time, but definitely, that process has also started. But in 
the meantime, basically, they are trying to take it in the RFP model, they are trying to take GPUs 
from various kind of new cloud providers. So that is goi ng on, on track, and that's happening 
very clearly and the government's own demand is also there. So as regards to your -- particularly 
on the side of what is the kind of spend that is happening is basically it's a large amount. 
 They were talking about 10,000 GPUs, which became 25,000 GPUs. Now they are even ready 
to go up to 100,000 GPUs also. So government's focus is very clear. Very clearly, they want to 
create AI infrastructure in the country. So all the AI start -ups and all t he people who want to 
work on AI, they don't feel the pinch of it and the GPUs are made available to them so that they 
can really do their work. 
 If you got a chance, you might have even seen the success of India AI Summit, the kind of 
traction it got, the kind of people who are attending it, it was only targeted at 100,000 people, 
but more than 700,000 people really attended it. So we kind of -- basically, the Prime Minister 
himself was there for 3 days. So you can very well understand the kind of focus and attention 
they are trying to give it. As regards your question basically primarily that are we targeting 
hyperscalers? 
 At this point of time -- my answer is that at this point of time, we are not targeting really 
hyperscalers because India is a market in which basically still is not a hyperscaler-driven market. 
It's primarily more of a sovereign and those kind of market a ctually is -- currently it is. But 
definitely, hyperscalers come, And if they are interested, we can definitely bid for them. We can 
definitely work with them. But at this point of time, we are not targeting hyperscalers, and I don't 
feel India is a hyperscaler market. They are trying to set up large data centers. Still, these are in 
greenfield projects. They will take time so as to basically come up. Maybe Hirdey can add. 
Hirdey Vikram: Yes. I think you have already covered all the details. And as regards to demand is concerned, 
Harinder, I can definitely tell you the way the investments are going up, especially from the 
[page 10]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
government side and now the enterprise investment has also started coming in. So, it clearly 
paves the way for us, and we find a lot of headroom for us to grow. 
 And as you rightly mentioned that currently, the capacity which India holds in terms of data 
center, that is anyways going to go up. So that clearly shows that there is no dearth as regards to 
demand is concerned. So, we definitely want to encash the opportunity, and this is what we are 
doing. So, you can find a lot of good quarters coming our way. 
Harinder Singh: So, these are the two questions. So, the way the industry and the AI industry is changing, so a 
lot of companies like TCS, they have come up with a company like HyperVault where they are 
serving these hyperscalers, providing them colo services where they are making huge 50%, 55% 
of margin in future, if you see growth into this business and happy to see you in other areas also 
where -- which are more profitable and you can add value because you are contributing to a 
major part of the items which goes into the data center? Yes. 
Sanjay Lodha: All these initiatives really add to our business actually. All the -- basically, you see all these -- 
we call them global service providers actually or basically GSIs like TCS, Infosys and basically 
Wipro and all these. So basically, they are all evolving and they are all developing different type 
of products so as to service the AI workload. So, all these basically offer us more opportunities 
and all these are our customers or our probable customers. 
 We are under NDA, so we cannot disclose which customer, what they are trying to do. But all 
these definitely add because they need AI infrastructure, they need the AI stack and everything 
which needs to be done on that basis -- on that, they offer the services to the customer. So, more 
and more AI workload is coming to them. And so that AI workload delivery is there. So 
definitely, that's a good business opportunity for us. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investments. 
Akshay: Okay. So, my first question is regarding the promoter stake sale in the quarter 4. So the promoter 
have nearly sold the 4% stake. So, what was the reason for the same? And do we expect any 
further dilution in the promoter holding going forward? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Yes. So, I think first answer the second question first, we are not going to dilute, this stake sale 
was done in the month of February. We are not going to dilute 12 months from there. So that's 
already confirmed. As stake sale, of course, it was done because ther e was some -- there was a 
liquidity -- there was limited liquidity. So, by this stake sale, we have been able to increase the 
liquidity of the stock. 
Akshay: Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, my second question is regarding the presentation. So there is one line 
in the presentation that we have commissioned the new state -of-the-art production facility 
spanning across 15,000 square foot. So is this the new manufacturin g facility that we have 
commissioned? Or -- if yes, then how much capacity or how much incremental capacity does it 
bring? 
Hirdey Vikram: Yes. This is a state -of-the-art manufacturing facility, which we have set up. And largely, the 
target was to start manufacturing the range of those systems, which we had not been 
[page 11]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
manufacturing earlier. And now as you can see that we have introduced the new architecture of 
our latest generation systems as well. So keeping that in mind, this facility has been set up, and 
you will be happy to know that with this facility, we'll also b e designing the complete range of 
liquid cooled systems as well. 
 And now the idea was to increase the density per rack in our case, and that is what we have -- 
this facility has helped us. And now we'll be able to scale even beyond 150 kilowatt per rack 
kind of an architecture. So this facility was very important for u s. So that was in there -- in the 
process earlier. So now we have completed it, and we'll be targeting the larger deployments with 
the help of this facility. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. So currently, what is the total revenue capabilities that we have from all our capacities? 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically, Akshay, you will have to understand the company very well. This is a technology 
company. This is not a capacity-driven company actually. We are a capability-driven company. 
We have never said-we never work on capacity. Our capacity utilization would be around 65% 
to 70% only. Primarily, we are not driven by just a volume sale or something of that nature. 
 You have to understand the basics of the company, actually, the company doesn't work on 
capacity. We work on capability. If tomorrow, NVIDIA's new Vera Rubin is coming up as a 
new, we are already set up for the partnership for that. Tomorrow, if we have t o manufacture 
Vera Rubin based-servers and the racks and all that, definitely we need to set up something, we'll 
definitely set up. But again, that will not be capacity based, that will be capability based. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Chi Ho Wong, Pictet Asset Management. 
Chi Ho Wong: So, my first question is the Agentic AI impact on CPU. Year -to-date, we see a lot of demand 
after the OpenClaw launch. So, driving a lot of CPU usage. So we saw the Intel reported very, 
very strong earnings and outlook. So, for Netweb, I think the relationship is on the high -
performing computing segment where you sell the CPU server. 
 So last year, apparently, the AI system is very good, but then the HPC segment is more steady. 
My question is because of this Agentic AI trend, do you see a much faster acceleration in the 
HPC segment revenue this year and maybe next year? That's my first question. 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically -- telling you, Chi, basically -- thanks for your question. The Agentic AI is 
definitely, again, one of the factors which is driving the AI actually. And as regards to your 
relation between basically agentic AI driving HPC sales, I don't thin k that is going to impact, I 
don't think in this current year, at least in this geopolitical region, what I personally feel. HPC 
in itself is growing very well. 
 Basically, you are seeing HPC basically growth around -- it has grown by around 31%, which is 
not less actually, but you're seeing the number low because the AI has grown too much. So that 
is showing it that way. But let me tell you, HPC because of NSM, N ational Supercomputing 
Mission 2.0 is already there, plus basically adoption of HPC and AI together is also happening 
across verticals, across -- if you see the automobile industry is using it, basically there is quite a 
lot of use in the oil and gas and different areas. 
[page 12]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 So I personally feel that the HPC will keep on growing. But definitely, AI will grow at a larger 
pace. But as regards to your question on Intel, the current development, I feel that will take some 
more time to create an impact to the HPC market growth in India as such what I can understand. 
Chi Ho Wong: Okay. Understood. My second question is regarding the healthiness of the India AI investment 
by the government. Because I saw some articles saying that the investment in the downstream 
data center, the take up rate is quite low. So that some of these data  centers, they have to rent it 
out to the other customers outside of the India AI Mission. Can you, from your perspective, 
comment about how healthy is the downstream adoption of the Indian AI Mission investment 
by the government? 
Hirdey Vikram: Chi, thanks for your question. So  as we have explained earlier also, so Government of India is 
very clear at the moment that they want India to become the AI service industry for the world. 
And for that purpose, this process of India AI Mission has been going on for the last almost half 
a decade, and the process started long back. And this mission is very clear that the investments 
are going on 2 fronts. 
 One, that they want to basically build facilities through the CSPs. And the second is that they 
want to build the facilities on an on -prem basis. So investment outlays, whatever has been 
outlined by Government of India so far has been as part of their first tranche of investments and 
that itself clearly signifies the efforts by the government of India. And that is going to -- that is 
anyways leaving an impact all over the country because enterprises and CSPs all are putting 
their efforts to build up the facilities. 
 And now going forward, the expectation is that the investments are only going to go up from 
here by government also and by the enterprises. So the opportunity gives us a lot of headroom 
to grow, and we are also going to welcoming the opportunity with open  hands. and the kind of 
work we are doing. 
 And as you can see, the new manufacturing facility, which we have set up, there is also keeping 
in mind that we wanted to add a new capability of designing dense GPU systems, which can 
serve such kind of requirements coming from both the fronts, be it CSP  front or the on -prem 
requirement front of Government of India. So we are absolutely capable, absolutely ready to 
address the requirement. So I think this is quite a good opportunity for us. 
Sanjay Lodha: And the data center investment also is increasing from the corporate side also. People are really 
interested because they have demand on hand and so they are also trying to [inaudible 0:37:08], 
government is a ready buyer. So people are trying to put -- it takes some time to put up the data 
center investment as you understand that. 
 But people are already working. There is a lot of interest around that. If you see the current -- 
the government taxation also which they announced, so they are promoting data centers. So more 
and more data center investments are coming in. So we are pret ty sure the kind of basically the 
demand we are seeing and kind of interest from the government we are seeing. So things will 
roll on very well. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
[page 13]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Sandeep Shah: Congrats on a good execution despite supply chain management issue and its impact on the raw 
materials. Sir, the first question is this growth guidance of 35% -40% and EBITDA margin of 
13%, 14%, both of which is for the base business, excluding strategic deal, how to consider this 
guidance? 
Sanjay Lodha: So, the revenue growth, 35% -- maybe he is asking about the EBITDA margin... 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, it's for the overall, this is the enterprise level guidance. 
Sandeep Shah: But strategic order, you are saying in the first 3 quarters, it would be executed. So that itself is a 
big growth driver for the coming year? 
Sanjay Lodha: Correct. 
Sandeep Shah: So, the growth has to be higher than 35%, 40%, right? 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, we on the revenue... 
Sanjay Lodha: We are guiding you the best case, don't worry at all, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay, okay. So, my question... 
Sanjay Lodha: Because we are entering the year with INR2,400 crores already as an order book, okay, including 
the L1. That itself is a robust signal that basically we are entering the year with the order book, 
which is more than the last year's turnover, that is the more business addition will happen. But 
you understand that we are not box pusher, Sandeep ji. We are primarily more into proactive 
sellers rather than reactive sellers. 
 So basically, we just don't want to become a box pusher also. We -- always the intention of the 
company has been to engage into more and more value -added kind of deals. if you see my 
customers also, 50% is government, 50% is enterprise and enterprise cust omers are also large 
customers primarily. So basically, those kind of business really takes time to completely loop in 
and get in. So I feel the kind of revenue guidance which we are giving, we would like to maintain 
that 35% to 40%. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay. Okay. And sir, in terms of the current inventory level, it is fair to assume that the current 
order book to some extent can be compensated with the current inventory, which is done to some 
extent, will help you to maintain margin because the invento ry could be built at a price lower 
than the current spot rate price. 
Sanjay Lodha: I think we will not like to guide on the inventory and the margin. Actually, Overall, I'd like to 
guide you the margins will remain at the same 13% to 14%. We have been always been -- you 
see that last year also, we performed as per our guidance, and we a re very sure that we will do 
it this year also. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay. Okay. And just last question in terms of export sales, any development progress you want 
to share, what percentage of revenue it has formed… 
[page 14]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Shah, your voice is breaking. 
Sanjay Lodha: I will take this call. I understood Sandeep ji's question. So Sandeep Ji, basically, you know the 
AI demand is unabated. It's very difficult to fulfill the domestic demand itself. So really, frankly 
speaking, we are -- the focus on exports, we are not getting time to do it. And currently, the 
worldwide AI demand is unabated. So basically, let me first suffice the domestic demand, then 
we look into exports. So, it will remain around the 5%, which we have been currently doing. It 
will remain around that only. 
Sandeep Shah: Okay. And sir, last question, apart from Google, even AWS and other hyperscalers are 
introducing their own chip. So, in this scenario, are we geared up in terms of tie -up beyond the 
top 3 chip providers or manufacturers? Because if this scale increases through hyperscaler 
produced chip design, can you share the progress how we are tying up and making sure that the 
motherboard design also meet a variety of chip designs? 
Hirdey Vikram: So, Sandeepji, this has been -- these efforts have been going on at their end for quite some time 
because emergence of TPU is not something which has happened just now. So we are aware of 
the progress which is happening on the other side of the market as well. 
 And we are open to go in that direction also as long as the significant development has been 
shown and as you know that we have got our in -house design teams also, that is the reason we 
were able to take up the risk-based architecture so fast. So same way, we will be able to look at 
the other chip makers also as long as there is a significant technological advancement at their 
end, which has got an acceptance in the market. So as a design team, as an OEM, we don't have 
any reservation to it. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Vinay Menon: Congratulations on great execution in this quarter, sir. A couple of questions on my side. On the 
component pricing, are you seeing any kind of softness? Or are we still looking at component 
prices being at these levels for maybe the next few quarters? 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically, really speaking, I cannot -- I'm not supposed to guide on the component pricing on 
my call actually. But let me tell you, the AI demand is really unabated. So that is definitely 
putting pressure on the components actually, really speaking. So, if it will remain unabated, 
definitely, there will be pressure on the component prices and component supply chain. 
 But basically, as I have been always been saying that we are proactive sellers, we have good 
projection of what is going to come, what is not going to come. So we plan our inventories and 
our contracts, our relationship with OEMs really basically are alig ned that way. So it doesn't 
impact us much. In case there is a price increase and -- so basically, we can always pass on to 
our new customers. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. And just a couple of more things. One is we're seeing demand move from training to 
inference in last few quarters. So that is obviously less GPU dependent and more as like Sandeep 
mentioned, maybe TPUs are also coming in. So how are we going to get impacted in terms of 
[page 15]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
the demand shifting? Are we going to see more demand with inference demand improving? Or 
how does the economics work for us there? 
Hirdey Vikram: Menon Ji, thanks for the question. So first of all, as regards our readiness is concerned, we have 
always been ready to address the demand coming from the training and the inference side, both 
sides of the market. And that's the reason that was reflected in our new introduction of our 
products as well because we have kept on adding those products also which can take care of 
inference exclusively or even the products which can take care of training and inference both. 
 So from the readiness perspective, we have been seeing the market development. And 
accordingly, only we have designed our products basis on that. And secondly, as regards to 
whether the requirement will go up from here or it will go down. So I can definitely tell you that 
the demand is only going to go up from here. Reason being, on one hand, the training kind of a 
work has already been going on in the country and outside already. 
 And at the same time, whatever development has been done on the training side earlier, now the 
time is that inference will also generate the additional demand. So I think it is good for us that 
inference is also taking up, and this is only going to add to the overall demand. So I think it is a 
good situation for us to handle. And we are pretty much ready with both the type of products 
and both the type of solutions, which can take care of the requirement. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. Okay. And just one more thing on the guidance of 35%, 40%, that is inclusive of the AI 
mission deal, which we will execute over the next 2, 3 quarters? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So, the guidance on the top line is not inclusive of the strategic order. It is the normal organic 
order, which is about 35%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pooja Seth from Yes Securities. 
Pooja Seth: Congrats for having a good set of numbers. Sir, just want a clarification. In your strategic order 
book, whatever revenue you guys generate, it comes under your AI segment? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Yes. 
Pooja Seth: Sir so, as you are guiding us 35% to 40% growth. So could you throw some light on the segment-
wise in which segment you are seeing except for AI because HPC, our core business that is HPC 
and HPS. We are I think about 25% of growth this year. So how we are seeing this further on? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: I think we give guidance overall basis. There's too much of detail to be given for a guidance. We 
would like to stick to the guidance on an overall basis. 
Pooja Seth: But sir, some sort of guidance like in which segment you are seeing... 
Sanjay Lodha: So basically, our -- all the three segments, ma'am, if you understand three segments today, please 
understand our core business, okay? You understand our business, our business is HPC, our 
business is Private Cloud and AI. Now you tell me which segment will not grow, ma'am. I give 
you a reverse question. Basically, HPC is a segment which will grow very heavily. Private Cloud 
data center is going unabated, but AI is worldwide grown. 
[page 16]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 So, all the 3 segments, 95% of business coming into the company is into these 3 businesses. And 
all the 3 segments are really growing at a very good pace. So definitely, that will grow. So 
definitely, HPC and AI should grow at a faster pace. But I personally feel in future, I would like 
-- I was guiding that AI should be around 25% to 30%. I can tell you that AI will remain around 
35% of my business. Balance will be shared equally between the HPC and Private Cloud. 
Pooja Seth: And sir, one more question. As this quarter, we have seen there was -- net borrowing has 
increased about INR270 crores. So, could you give a breakdown why this happened? 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: Borrowings are largely to fund the strategic orders. We had been -- these are very short -term 
borrowings. These are no long-term borrowings, and these are primarily to execute the working 
capital required for any large strategic orders or at the same time , any regular orders which are 
going through, and this gets settled in a very short span of time. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So, I mean, you can take it that this borrowing is transitionary. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Mansimer Singh Sethi from Citi Capital. 
Mansimer Singh Sethi: Sir, I wanted to know regarding our cash conversion cycle, like I know it's already been asked 
the question. But the thing is the cash conversion cycle is more than 100 days. So, don't you 
think with increasing ROE and ROCE, it will be difficult for us, like we will be -- that we need 
to reduce the cash conversion cycle drastically for that? 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Drastically, no, just a minute. So, I don't think it is 100 days. I think we have shared the 
presentation. If you have had a look at the presentation, it is 84 days. And primarily, because of 
inventory, which we have created in inventory for our large orders, which we are carrying in 
hand as of date. Ankit, if you can add to that. 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So yes, correctly mentioned by Sanjeev sir. So, it's not 100, it's around 84. And still the increase 
is because of the inventory days. If you see the receivable days from the last quarter, it has 
significantly improved and inventory days has gone up on the account of stocking the critical 
components for potential and large orders. 
Sanjay Lodha: And plus, basically, we have always guided that our -- basically our kind of business, it will 
remain between 80 to 90. So, I think this is not a surprise. 
Mansimer Singh Sethi: Okay. So actually, it was guided here only in the con call like more than 100, 120. That's why I 
was asking. 
Sanjay Lodha: So it has come down. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 90 to 110 is our standard guidance. So -- yes... 
Management: I think it will be okay with that. 
Mansimer Singh Sethi: Okay. Okay. And my second question is regarding our exports. So I was -- in the last con call, 
you were saying that we are tracking different exports also. So I wanted to know regarding that, 
any pipeline regarding our exports per se? 
[page 17]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Hirdey Vikram: So as you could -- I hope you heard our answer earlier also that see the kind of market we see in 
the domestic space. So we are right now trying to fulfill the demand coming from the domestic 
market itself because there is a lot of headroom for us to grow , address the overall incremental 
growth in the market and all that. 
 So first, once we are able to address the complete market share in India, definitely, we'll be going 
out as well. But the priority right now is domestic. And since domestic is anyways giving us the 
required quantum of growth, so there is no harm focusing on this. But yes, going outside, India 
is definitely in our pipeline, and we'll be focusing on that as well. 
Mansimer Singh Sethi: Okay. Sir, my last question, like we have a INR4,000 crores of pipeline, right? Can you tell me 
what percentage of that can be converted on the safer side in this financial year? 
Sanjay Lodha: 60%. 
Mansimer Singh Sethi: 60%... 
Sanjay Lodha: Just financial year, No, no. That is basically... 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Generally, the conversion is about 60%, but this will fuel about 1.5 to 2 years of -- yes, 18 to 24 
months. So, it's not that all of the 60% will happen this year. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vatsal Aggarwal from -- who is a Retail Investor. 
Vatsal Aggarwal: Yes. Sir, given the strong cash position on the balance sheet, can you explain the reason behind 
the increase in the short-term borrowing because it appears counterintuitive, sir? 
Ankit Kumar Singhal: So, it's not that. There is -- the borrowings have some covenants. When we borrow the funds, 
we have to maintain the borrowing period for some period of time. And these are the numbers 
based on the reporting date. So, there are RBI guidelines where the WCDLs are supposed to be 
maintained for a certain period of time. 
 So, to avoid that, that's why it's coming here. And we do have cash, but we cannot settle the 
borrowings with them. So, there are the commitments which are given to lender in the 
coordination with the RBI circulars. 
Vatsal Aggarwal: And secondly, sir, I was just trying to understand the business segment. Can you please explain 
the difference between our Private Cloud business segment and the AI systems business 
segment? 
Hirdey Vikram: See, we have talked about it in the earlier quarters also. So, the difference is that Private Cloud 
is basically catering to a different side of the market, where the convergence of compute, 
network, and memory happens. Whereas the AI side of the market, AI system is largely taking 
care of the AI workloads. If you are trying to know about what is the difference in the workload 
type from these two markets, then the answer is this. 
 And if you want to know about what is the difference in the -- from the business side of it, that 
who all are the probable customers from the Private Cloud and who all are the probable 
[page 18]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
customers from the AI system side, then my -- I can basically further explain. I hope I have 
answered you that the Private Cloud is largely for the convergence of compute network and the 
hyper-convergence put together in a single platform. That is for the Private Cloud and HCI, 
whereas AI system is largely meant for the purpose of AI workloads. 
Vatsal Aggarwal: No, sir, because my question is that for data centers, it should be in the AI systems business 
rather than the Private Cloud, if my understanding is correct? 
Hirdey Vikram: Data center assets, see, one thing is very clear that data center is assets which cuts across all the 
verticals for us, product verticals, but largely data center is largely focused around the Private 
Cloud and HCI for us. Reason being that the data cente r workloads, what we talk about are the 
workloads wherein the convergence of compute with the storage and the network put together 
happens. 
 So that is basically dealt with -- dealt in case of Private Cloud and HCI. That's the reason we 
don't count it as part of AI system, but we count it as part of Private Cloud. And that's how these 
two are related. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Prajay from Wealthyvia. 
Prajay: Yes. So, my first question is that as per what earlier participant had said that out of your total 
pipeline, 60% would be converted. And out of that, some of the orders would be passed on to 1, 
2 years. So, like did I hear that correctly? 
Sanjay Lodha: So, I think basically, what we mentioned is that the -- somebody asked us that pipeline -- in how 
much time will pipeline be converted. So, pipeline is a very, very dynamic situation, which keeps 
on changing every day. So, whatever of the reported date, whatever pipeline is, that pipeline 
normally gets -- 60% of it gets converted, but it takes around 1.5 years, around 18 months to get 
converted. All of it, total of it. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: So just to explain to you, the conversion happens like every day, right? What I'm saying that this 
pipeline which is sitting today may convert -- the 100% of may get converted by 1.5 years, but 
it will happen in tranches. And new pipeline will also keep entering into this. It's a very dynamic 
thing, right? Pipeline, someone will convert into orders, some will go out of it. New pipeline 
will get entered. So, this is a very dynamic situation. 
Prajay: Okay. And your order book, the amount is INR2,400 crores, including the L1. So ideally, as per 
what I'm able to understand, it gets executed in 3 to 6 months, right? So the revenue visibility 
that like for this order book is 3 to 6 months only? Or am I missing something out in this? 
Sanjay Lodha: Basically, as I -- normally, our shipping cycle is very different. Normally, our order cycle is 
somewhere around 10 to 20 weeks, we normally ship out, okay? It used to be 10 to 16 weeks, 
but it can be 10 to 20 weeks, it can normally go up. But as regard strategic orders are concerned, 
we are not guiding on the execution. But basically, what I said is that the strategic orders should 
go in next 3 quarters actually and phase -wise. And as regards the organic order book is 
concerned, we feel that within 18 to 20 weeks, it should get built out. 
[page 19]
  Netweb Technologies India Limited 
  May 04, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Prajay: Okay. I'm sorry, can you bifurcate the strategic order and your idle orders to me? I'm sorry, I 
mean that attachment is... 
Sanjay Lodha: In presentation I mentioned very clearly, INR1,600 crores is the strategic order INR472 crores 
is the organic order and INR327 crores is my L1. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: Which is again organic. 
Sanjay Lodha: Which is again organic. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sanjay Lodha: Thank you. Thank you for taking out time and joining us. Thank you so much. Appreciate your 
interest. 
Management: Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
