[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: August 19, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544235 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: ORIENTTECH 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF Q1 FY27 POST RESULTS EARNING CALL  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed the transcript of Post results 
earning call for Q1 FY27 held on Thursday, 13th August, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For ORIENT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Sayli Munj 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS-44432 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
Orient Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY’27 Earnings Call 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Management: 
 
• Mr. Ajay Sawant – Chairman and Managing Director 
• Mr. Shailesh Mandani – Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Errors & Omissions Expected: This transcript is edited for factual and grammatical errors. In 
case of discrepancies, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange and company 
website on 10th August, 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 Page 2 of 13 
 
Orient Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY’27 Earnings Call 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Renju, moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the Conference Call of Orient Technologies Limited arranged by Concept Investor Relations to 
discuss its Q1 FY27 Results. 
We have with us today Mr. Ajay Sawant  – Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Shailesh 
Mandani – Chief Financial Officer. 
At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-
answer session. At this time, if you have a question, please press “*” and “1” on your telephone 
keypad. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are made on Management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by the information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making an investment decision. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and the financial quarter under 
review. 
I would now like to hand the floor over to Mr. Ajay Sawant. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Sawant: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Namaskar. Vande Ma hataram. And wishing everyone a 
happy Independence Day in advance. Thank you for joining Orient Technologies Limited's Q1 
FY27 Earnings Call. We truly appreciate your time and continued interest in our company. 
I would first like to give you a brief background on the business, then walk you through the 
financial and operational highlights for the quarter ended June 2026, after which we will open 
the floor for questions where my colleague, Mr. Shailesh Mandani and myself will do our best 
to answer your queries. 
First and foremost, about Orient Technologies: 
[page 4]
 
 Page 3 of 13 
For those of you joining us for the first time, let me take a moment to introduce the company, 
Orient Technologies Limited: 
We are Mumbai's headquartered IT infrastructure and managed service provider with a long 
operating history in India's IT ecosystem. 
We listed on the BSE and NSE following our IPO in August 2024. Our service portfolio spans 
across cloud and DevOps, digital transformation, infrastructure managed services, cyber 
security, data center solutions and end user computing. Delivered through a pan India presence 
with offices across Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore. 
Our customer base is diversified across telecommunication, BFSI, government and PSU, IT ES 
and broader mid-market spanning across healthcare, manufacturing, infrastructure, real 
estate, logistics and education. Over the last few years, we have deliberately evolved from a 
project led system integration business into a more annuity-oriented model, investing in our 
own noc and soc capabilities, expanding our cyber security practice and building out cloud and 
managed services offerings. While it is continuing to service our core infrastructure 
deployment and system integration franchising that has been the bedrock of our growth. 
Coming back to the business overview: 
Orient Technologies continues to focus on building a resilient annuity led business, anchored 
in managed services, cyber security and unified infrastructure management. While maintaining 
our strong system integration and infrastructure deployment franchise. As w e had indicated 
on our Q3 and Q4 FY26 calls, the industry-wide semiconductor shortage and supply chain 
pressures were expected to persist throughout FY27. 
And these headwinds also weighed on our top line through the second half of FY26. During the 
quarter Q1 of FY27, supply side conditions remained stable while pricing continued to be 
competitive across key segments. The company continued to work closely with OEMs to ensure 
timely cost pass through with the impact of input cost movement being progressively reflected 
in pricing. 
Compared with Q4 of FY26, the sequential operating environment showed improvement 
supported by better supply availability and greater stability in pricing. The company remains 
focused on strengthening margins through disciplined pricing, operational effici encies and 
continued engagement with OEMs. Our priority remains protecting long term  customer 
relationships while progressively transitioning our revenue mix towards higher margins, 
recurring managed services. In line with that, we shared on our Q3 FY26 call around the 
commissioning of our next generation NOC and SOC center at Turbhe, Navi Mumbai. 
[page 5]
 
 Page 4 of 13 
With synchronous power capabilities, we have continued to scale this facility during the 
quarter and it remains central to our strategy of deepening annuity led recurring revenue 
streams in managed services and cyber security. 
Coming back to the operational highlights: 
During the quarter, Orient Technologies secured multiple new contracts across BFSI insurance, 
professional services, digital commerce and financial infrastructure. Notable wins included Rs. 
20 crores engagement with a leading public sector insurance company, strengthening Orient 
Technologies' presence in the insurance and enterprise technology segment, another deal of 
Rs. 24 crores cloud engagement with a leading general insurance company, reinforcing the 
company's growing capabilities and presence across cloud services and BFSI. 
These wins demonstrate Orient Technologies' ability to address increasingly complex 
enterprise requirements across digital infrastructure, cloud, networking and managed 
technology services while expanding its presence across strategic industry verticals. Our order 
book as of quarter stood at approximately Rs. 375.43 crores comprising infrastructure 
deployment projects along with cloud and managed services contracts. Compared to 
approximately Rs. 200 crores guided for the Q4 of FY26 period on the previous call, we continue 
to see the annuity -style managed services share increase as our noc -and-soc operations at 
Turbhe scale up. 
And as previously discussed, while project-led revenue remains significant in the near term, we 
expect the annuity mix to steadily improve over the coming years. 
The outlook: 
Looking ahead, while supply-side challenges may persist in the near term, our strategic focus 
on managed services, cybersecurity, cloud, and unified infrastructure management positions 
us well for recovery and long-term sustainable growth. We remain confident in strength of our 
fundamentals and our ability to capitalize on the significant opportunities emerging across data 
centers, GCPs, GIFT city, and the broader AI-led infrastructure built in India. 
As we have consistently said on our previous calls, we believe FY27 will be a year of steady 
sequential improvement rather than a sharp one -quarter turnaround. And we remain 
committed to the same disciplined execution and transparent communication with all  of you 
as we work through this transition. 
For the financial and operational highlights, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Shailesh 
Mandani, our newly appointed CFO. He brings with him extensive experience in financial 
management and strategic leadership. Over to Shailesh. 
Shailesh Mandani Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. So, I quickly  introduce myself.  Prior to my 
appointment as a CFO, I held a finance controller position within the organization where I 
[page 6]
 
 Page 5 of 13 
successfully led several strategic initiatives including the company's IPO journey, finance 
transformation project, ERP implementation, and process automation. 
Quickly, I will take you to the consolidated financial highlights for the quarter: 
On a consolidated basis, the revenue from operations for Q1 FY27 stood at Rs.  201.92 crores, 
an increase of 9.70% Q -o-Q basis which compared to Rs. 184.07 crores in Q4 of FY26. EBITDA 
for the quarter stood at Rs. 15.42 crores, an increase of 161% QoQ quarter compared with Rs. 
5.91 crores in the preceding quarter. Our EBITDA margin extended by 438 basis points to 7.57% 
compared with 3.19% EBITDA in Q4 of FY26, reflecting a significant sequential improvement in 
operating profitability. The quarter also marked a strong earnings turnaround. Profit for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 5.17 crores against a loss of Rs. 4.99 crores in FY26 Q4. 
Consolidated EPS returned to positive territory of Rs. 1.13 per share compared with a negative 
EPS of Rs. 1.09 in Q4 FY26, representing a 2.22% sequential improvement in per share equity. 
On a segment mix: 
In terms of Q1 FY27, industry-wise revenue was BFSI contributed 24.92%, Telecommunications 
contributed 1.92%, Government and PSU contributed 12.29%, ITAs contributed 16.82%, and 
mid-market and others contributed 44.06%, which includes sectors such as Healthcare, 
Manufacturing, Infrastructure, Real Estate, Logistics, Education, and E-commerce. 
With this, I come to the conclusion of my opening remarks and open the floor for questions 
and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session . Ladies and 
Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question 
comes from the line of Raji Shah with HM Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Raji Shah: Yes. So, first question was, out of the Rs. 375 crores raise to the IPO, CAPEX utilization is being 
looked behind schedule with about Rs.  45 crores deployed against and roughly Rs. 80 crores 
budgeted for capital expenditure. So, what's causing the pace to lag, and by when do you 
expect the full utilization level? 
Ajay Sawant: First question, yes, as far as IPO utilization is concerned, everything has been utilized except 
for the DaaS. We have been very selective in giving offering to a customer as per our brochure, 
which we have insisted that we would like to utilize the money which will give me a good 
return. So, a couple of things which we are very clear on this before selecting the customer 
whom we are giving this, utilizing this money and giving a solution like a DaaS. Verifying their 
complete credit awareness, and then we utilize. And the balance amount which is remaining 
now is only Rs. 35 CR, which we are expecting to be utilized in the next couple of quarters. 
[page 7]
 
 Page 6 of 13 
Raji Shah: For this second question, what is the recently-added pace in the investment technology as well 
as to associate companies? AIT Internet Services, Athena IT, etc. Could you talk about how 
these are performing and what they added to the overall business beyond the numbers? 
Ajay Sawant: We acquired three companies. Red Hut  is completely 100% acquisition, and hopefully the 
complete acquisition will happen in the quarters that I am expecting it to be completed. Athena 
IT Solutions, we are a 46 % stake, and we will remain that company separately for some time.  
AIT Internet is again a 46% stake, and that company, we would like to remain as it is throughout 
the career. So, if you see, Red Hut has added Rs. 2.88 crores of a top line, with Rs. 50 lakhs of 
profit before tax. Whereas, Athena has added 40% of the PBT contributed, and AIT has added 
Rs. 35 lakhs. 
Raji Shah: And the last question is that the written data that you shared points to the data center and 
public cloud services, market in India is growing at 30%-35% and 22-28% respectively through 
FY27. So, how is the company positioning itself to capture a larger share of this opportunity? 
Ajay Sawant: Ma'am, your question is not I couldn't able to clearly hear it. Can you just repeat it? 
Raji Shah: Yes, so my question was that the CRSIL data that you shared points to the data center and 
public cloud services, market in India is growing at 30 -35% CAGR for FY27 . So, how is the 
company positioning itself to capture a larger share of this opportunity? 
Ajay Sawant: Okay, so yes, the data center business is going to grow exponentially as the cloud is also moving 
accordingly. We are concentrating on both the views as per the CRI SIL report, which we have 
already submitted at the time of IPO as well as every yearly, we just keep on updating ourselves 
on what's happening in the industry. So, I believe data center, cloud are going to grow 
exponentially and we are aligned to that. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Shah, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from 
the line of Mayuresh with InvestValue Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mayuresh: First of all, thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question is on your EBITDA side, sir. Basically, 
EBITDA margins are expanded by almost 400 basis points to 2.57% this quarter. How much of 
that improvement is structural versus one -off, sir? And what kind of margin trajectory should 
we build into our model for rest of FY27? 
Ajay Sawant: Okay, so Mayuresh, thanks for asking. But I want to clarify that we do not give any forward -
looking statement on revenue or EBITDA. But what I can tell you is that yes, operational 
efficiency is what we are already concentrating on. That's number one. And number two is we 
are consciously looking at the big margin-led businesses. So, generally, infrastructure margins 
are really competitive in nature and we are selectively picking up the deals from the market.  
We are not showing that hunger of just increasing the revenue without proper bottom -line 
[page 8]
 
 Page 7 of 13 
margins. So, you can expect, because of the operational efficiency and the margin -led 
approach, more or less this will be sustainable EBITDA. 
Mayuresh: Okay. It means you are saying the current EBITDA margin will be sustainable in this range only. 
Ajay Sawant: Is that correct? Our share in the market is going to increase in terms of managed services, 
cybersecurity, and cloud, which is currently giving us better margins than the typical 
infrastructure revenue. 
Mayuresh: Okay. And sir, on your top -line growth, revenue has grown close to 10% sequentially this 
quarter. Could you please break down what drove this growth between ramp-up from existing 
customers and new clients? Also, how should we think about the revenue growth trajectory? 
Ajay Sawant: So, this quarter, I can talk about that 80% growth has come from our existing customers. 20% 
is, of course, from the new customers. So, that's how the ratio we want to maintain it in the 
coming quarters as well.  But yes, we are focusing more on our existing customers because 
selling is easier rather than new customers. Acquiring new logo comes with a different cost 
structure. 
Mayuresh: Okay. Okay, that's all from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sa pphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishita: Yes. So, just on the previous participant's question, I want a clarification. So, you mentioned 
that 40% of our total PBT contribution is from Athena. Is that correct? 
Ajay Sawant: No. Not the total contribution. Athena has given the 40% put together what they have given in 
the last quarter. Over and above, they have given more contribution.  
Nishita: Can you give the absolute PBT of Athena, like what you did for Red Hut? You mentioned that 
Red Hut did 50 lakh of PBT. So, if you can give the absolute number for Athena, that would be 
great. 
Ajay Sawant: As of now, Athena profitability is around 37 lakhs. And AIT profitability is around 30 lakhs. 
Nishita: Okay, okay. Understood. And my next question is... 
Ajay Sawant: And this is PBT number. 
Nishita: Right, right. Understood. And my next question is on our order book.  So, currently our order 
book is around 375 crores, which is billable during FY27. What is the execution timeline for it? 
When can we expect the billing to be done in Q2, Q3? 
[page 9]
 
 Page 8 of 13 
Ajay Sawant: The maximum billing will happen between Q3 and Q4. 
Nishita: Okay. And what kind of order pipeline do we have? What sort of order booking do we expect 
for the next nine months? 
Ajay Sawant: So, we have a lot of ARR revenue, which is annual recurring revenue which keeps on happening 
every month or every quarter that we keep on doing it, and which will keep on continuing 
because our focus is more and more on this annuity services revenue or cybersecurity revenue, 
which is growing. So, hopefully, we will be kept on increasing our ARR and order book size will 
be keep on increasing it. Exact numbers, as I said, futuristic numbers, we don't give it to anyone. 
So, that's the reason I'm not able to disclose the pipeline or the exact numbers. 
Nishita: Okay. Understood. Can you give the revenue bifurcation, like in Q 1 and FY27, how much 
revenue is from the annuity income and how much is from the project-based income? 
Ajay Sawant: Yes, currently, it is 23% is what the annuity-based income. And the balance is project-based. 
Nishita: Okay. And where do we see this number going forward? Like you mentioned that we want to 
increase our annuity-based income. So, where do we see this number going forward? 
Ajay Sawant: So, our constant effort will be there to keep on increasing this maximum to 51%. Okay. But yes, 
still I would prefer it will take another three years to achieve that because our SOC revenue, 
our NOC revenue and managed services, which is our annuity recurring revenue, which is going 
to take some time to materialize. 
Nishita: Right. 51% you mentioned, right? 
Ajay Sawant: Yes. So, annuity revenue number, I am proposing to my team to have to 51% and 49% will keep 
on, we will be doing a project-based, infrastructure-based projects. 
Nishita: Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to ask a question. 
Next question comes on the line of Chinmay Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Chinmay Shah: Sir, can you just provide me about the details of our Navi Mumbai Center, specifically regarding 
how much is the current capacity utilization and revenue contribution from that Center? 
Ajay Sawant: So, in Q3 of FY26, we got a possession from our Turbe office, which we have converted into 
our NOC and SOC Center. Okay. Since then, we kept on building the complete NOC and SOC 
there. We recently tied up with Securonix for the SIEM operations, which is the key factor on  
our SOC operations. We have lots of tie -ups with other vendors for our NOC operations. So, 
yes, this business, now there is a lot of POC happening on various technologies, which we have 
given it to various customers across the vertical.  So, I am seeing a good interaction on the 
[page 10]
 
 Page 9 of 13 
business front. But the revenue is still a minuscule revenue, single -digit percentage revenue, 
which I am seeing in the entire Q4. But moving ahead, you will hear more and more numbers 
coming up for NOC and SOC.  And that will excite all of us because that is going to be another 
ARR revenue for us, annual recurring revenue for all of us, which will make sure that we will be 
in-align with what we have planned for. 
Chinmay Shah: Okay. And sir, one more thing which I see, our contingent liability, which we have provided for 
4.4 crores. I think previously also we have provided, I think, for 15 crores, last year's write-off. 
So, is this a recurring thing and how we can mitigate going forward? 
Ajay Sawant: That's an unfortunate thing which has happened because a couple of tele commissioned  
customers have withdrawn their services in the last minute. And that is where in contingent 
with our OEM AWS, to reverse those kinds of billing and that saving plan which we have bought 
from AWS, which has got ended on 7th of August. Okay.  So, I don't think henceforth we will 
see such kind of things. But yes, we are cautious enough of such transactions and we will be 
more careful henceforth. 
Chinmay Shah: Okay. And sir, one more last question. How do you see this AI is it disrupting our business or it 
is helping to grow in our business? Currently everyone other IT companies are lagging. 
Ajay Sawant: No, I may be contradicting others because actually AI is helping all of us. Okay. In what way is, 
depends on the use cases, how do you use AI for.  Okay. So, as far as O rient technology is 
concerned, definitely AI is helping all of us in increasing our productivity and even our business 
revenue as well. Why I am saying it's a contradicting because all the big shots  IT players 
probably are not able to sell the man hours to the customers.  Okay. Which is their major 
money? Which is their major revenue which they use to take it? 
So, with the AI now, you don't need so many manpower in the  you can be able to trade off. 
And that's why they are probably may say that AI is actually not  helping the revenue in their 
businesses. In our businesses, it's slightly different. 
Besides the increasing the productivity of our own employees, okay, I am seeing it as a major 
revenue source for Orient at least. 
Chinmay Shah: Okay. And sir, one more thing, I know management doesn't guide for future, you know. But I 
just want to know how much is the sustainable margin for the company  to survive or you can 
say for a growth. I know, but at least what should be the baseline for the gross margin? 
Ajay Sawant: To survive in the market, I think 5-6% is the minimum gross margin that we need to earn. That's 
our operating cost which I can share with you. But most of the deals are beyond that. So, that's 
where the profit comes in. 
Chinmay Shah: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 
[page 11]
 
 Page 10 of 13 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Shubh Cholera with Shubh stocks Capital . Please go 
ahead. 
Shubh Cholera: Hi, sir. So, congratulations for the good number and for  the new CFO as well. So, my first 
question was, could you walk us through how O HMS 2.0 is different from what you offered 
earlier and how enterprise clients have responded to it so far? 
Ajay Sawant: Wow. That's fantastic. You know, Orient Hosted Managed Services is a terminology we used to 
use as OMS 1.0 where we used to do the outsourcing, annual maintenance contract and 
typically the renewal of our businesses. Now, OHMS 2.0 is more of a outcome-based services. 
So, when we give customer connectivity solutions, customer uses MPLS or ILL kind of a solution 
which is highly costly affair and they used to pay a good amount of sum as is their operating 
cost year on year to all these service providers. With you know A IT internet coming with that 
acquisition, we provide a broadband connectivity to our customer which is one -tenth of the 
cost of the MPLS. With the broadband, the challenge comes in terms of security and availability 
which we sorted out through our SD-WAN as a service and the NOC which we have. So, we give 
a managed service, keep on monitoring the links, performance as well as availability and that 
is how we solve the problem of availability through our NOC. Problem of security is been sorted 
out by providing a SD -WAN and SD-WAN as a service and the monitoring services make sure 
that customer saves  60% of their connectivity cost which they used to pay to all the service 
providers who used to provide them the MPLS and all. Now, this is a business outcome-based 
service. This is just one service that I have spoke about but there are plethora of services we 
give it under the umbrella of O HMS 2.0. So, O HMS 1.0 was a point services. Now, we say 
outcome driven services and that is what the customer is liking it. 
Most of the customers are looking forward  for such kind of services and I am getting a very 
positive reply from the customers and I can name any more number of customers especially in 
the DNE space. D& NE is digital native enterprises which are platform-based customers. I can 
name the few like, I am not supposed to but I hope you understand when platform based 
services means people who are using technology as a platform and do their businesses. 
Shubh Cholera: Yes, that's understood. So, my second question was on device as a service. So, what's the early 
customer response been like and what kind of investments and timeline are you looking for at 
before like this becomes a meaningful contributor to the revenue? 
Ajay Sawant: So, when I was in a HP forum, HP has a worldwide event happening once in a year in Las Vegas. 
And I attended that event in 2018. And at that time, the HP chairman said that the entire IT will 
become a OPEX driven rather than a CAPEX driven. And that presentation was actually an eye 
opener for us. And this started in 2018, means all the MNCs started doing this business in 2018. 
In India, we always try to adopt it slightly late because from a finance perspective, our 
fundamentals are different than the western region, western world. 
[page 12]
 
 Page 11 of 13 
So, if you see, we do not believe in credit economy. Whereas, western world completely 
becomes on a credit economy. Our new generation, our young generation, prefer to be 
following that. 
And they believe in the credit economy. And that's what I'm seeing happening in India as well. 
Of course, we are late. 
We are seeing a good response from our customers on that. Most of the customers do not 
want to spend money in CAPEX for IT. They are converting that into OPEX and that's where  
DaaS comes in. 
And that's where I'm seeing, even banks  who are cash rich actually, uses it  DaaS solutions of 
ours. There are so many digital native enterprises, which are  startups, okay, they use DaaS as 
a source of solutions. So, I'm seeing a good amount of customers like GCCs, most of the MNCs, 
they are already adopting in US and now they are saying even in India we will go for OPEX -
based solutions. 
And that's where I see a good chance of DaaS and that's going to be a very  practical for most 
of the customers in coming time. Everybody will invest in DaaS as far as IT is concerned. Okay, 
their core businesses, the core manufacturing plant, probably they will do it through the CAPEX, 
but the IT operations, they will run only through OPEX. 
Shubh Cholera: Yes, it was a really good explanation. Like I had one more question, like you have offices in UAE 
and Singapore, alongside your pan India presence, so what is your current action in these 
international markets and are there any plans to scale the future footprint in these 
international markets? 
Ajay Sawant: Yes, good question again. We debate many times on this within our boardroom. Unfortunately, 
we are not looking at international business, at least for this financial year, because we find 
that India is a really big, big market and India is growing tremendously. I see a lot of things we 
can do it in India, okay, which is in our control from an economic perspective, you will see that 
India is doing the best, top three in the world, from an economic growth perspective. So, 
leaving this growth here and going and capturing in the international space, I feel slightly  
difficult call to take. Of course, we have offices in Singapore and UAE only for the customers 
who have taken us there.  They have operations even in this and they are very loyal and 
committed to us, so we have opened the offices there. But that revenue is pretty small. We are 
not planning, as of now, anything in the international space, but if required, if I see that, yes, 
there are good opportunities outside, we may start probably in a couple of years. 
Shubh Cholera: Yes, understood. Just one last question from my side. Thank you for your time and taking my 
question. In this quarter, cybersecurity has been called out as a strategic growth area. Could 
you size a business for us today and share where you are investing to build out this capability? 
[page 13]
 
 Page 12 of 13 
Ajay Sawant: Cybersecurity is a space where every customer is talking. Whether it's in the data center, 
whether it's in the cloud, whether it's at age. You need cybersecurity everywhere. That's where 
we have invested  in Soc in Turbhe. We have signed a big contract with Securonix as a team 
tool. With that, it is going to do a lot of revenue -driven approach you will see in  Soc and the 
cybersecurity business. That is what our ultimate goal is. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from Vikas Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Jain: Good morning. This is Vikas. Can you hear me? Yes. Sir, could you please comment on the order 
book for coming order pipeline? 
Ajay Sawant: As I said in my opening speech, we have an order book of 375 crores which is billable in FY27. 
Maximum billing will happen in Q3 and Q4. This is coming from infrastructure projects plus our 
managed services which is our annual recurring revenue. If we see that, we have a good order 
book and a lot of pipelines which will eventually add up for Q3 and Q4 revenue. We are going 
strong. I see this as a sustainable business as of now. 
I know there are challenges in the industry in terms of semiconductor shortage. There are a lot 
of challenges in terms of U.S. throwing us more and more challenges. As we sleep, they start 
doing something different. 
There are a lot of negative messages. Are coming from there. Fortunately, we are in India and 
we have to be part of that growth. We are trying to capitalize on that growth. 
Vikas Jain: One more question. How are we competing our competitors? When I get information, our 
competitor gets 400 crores and we get 97 crores. We are not going above 100 crores. 
Ajay Sawant: I know you are referring to that. We play in a fair way. We concentrate on our bottom-line 
approach. We all know whom we are referring to. We got good contracts from the same 
customers for lower ticket value compared to the competition. That's a conscious call not to 
go aggressive in that big ticket item. In the current environment, the pricing is changing every 
week. The delivery is not happening in 14 or 16 weeks. If the customer is saying there will be a 
penalty after 16 weeks, if you would have seen our press release when we got the order of that 
size which you mentioned everybody was aware that it is a conscious call we took with the 
OEM into confidence that we will get the delivery in those 18 weeks’ time, which is where we 
have penalty terms. I have taken my OEM into confidence and they said if the order size goes 
up, if you will not able to delivery it  18 weeks we may have to pay the penalty for it. I am not 
ready to get into that kind of engagement. Best of luck to the competition. 
Vikas Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of the Thank you very 
much for attending it and asking questions. 
[page 14]
 
 Page 13 of 13 
Ajay Sawant: So, friends, thank you very much for attending this and asking questions. You are free to ask 
me questions any given time, not only in the early call, but any given time if you have . We are 
a very transparent company which can share with you whatever good, bad, ugly, whatever is 
happening, we'll be more than happy.  And on that note, once again, thank you and a happy 
Independence Day to everybody. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Orient Technologies Limited, thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
