[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: August 19, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544235 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: ORIENTTECH 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF Q1 FY26 POST RESULTS EARNING CALL  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed the transcript of Post results 
earning call for Q1 FY26 held on Thursday, August 14, 2025.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For ORIENT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
(formerly known as orient technologies private limited) 
 
 
 
 
Nayana Nair 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS-65753    
 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 10 
 
  Orient Technologies Limited 
Q1 & FY’26 Results Conference Call 
August 14th, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
1. Mr. Ajay Sawant - Chairman and Managing Director 
2. Mr. Shrihari Bhat - Chief Executive Officer  
3. Mr. Gaurav Modi - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 Page 2 of 10 
Orient Technologies Limited 
Q1 & FY’26 Results Conference Call 
August 14th, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Technologies Limited Q1 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Concept Investor Relations. 
We have with us today, Mr. Ajay Sawant - Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Shrihari Bhat 
- Chief Executive Officer and Mr. G ourav Modi - Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajay Sawan t. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ajay Sawant: Good evening, everyone. Firstly, wishing you a Happy Independence Day in advance. Thank you 
for joining Orient Technologies Limited Q1 FY’26 Earning Call. We sincerely appreciate your 
time and interest in our company. I am happy to announce that your company has completed 
one year of getting listed on the bourses. Last year, August, we took a big leap and achieved a 
milestone in our company's journey by getting listed on both the Stock Exchanges. I assure you 
that the management strives very hard every day to enhance shareholder value. It  is our 
constant endeavor to become operationally and financially efficient. 
Now, I shall give some background of the company, followed by financial and operational 
highlights of Q1 FY ’26 and the n move ahead to question -and-answer session. Orient 
Technologies Limited is an IT Asset Lifecycle Management partner since 1997 . We help our 
customers in digital transformation by reducing upfront investments, optimize cost and scale 
rapid to meet evolving business needs , by offering our services on a subscription model . We 
offer tailored solutions that boost scalability, operational efficiency and digital readiness. We 
have pan India presence with more than 1500 + employees. From this year onwards, we are 
going to segment our business in two line s of businesses. Number one, IT infrastructure 
solutions and number two Application and IT infrastructure services, including cloud , digital 
transformation and infrastructure managed services. 
Moving to financial performance summary for Q1 FY’26 vis -à-vis with Q1 of FY’ 25. Our total 
income stood at Rs.214.48 crore in Q1, FY’26 up from Rs.149.31 crore in Q1, FY’25. In turn, it 
shows a growth of 43.65%  year-on-year. Revenue from operation rose to around Rs.212.56 
crores, registering a massive growth of 42.81 % over the last year . EBITDA reached Rs.17.33 
[page 4]
 
 Page 3 of 10 
crore, up by 26.91% year-on-year, fueled by strong project delivery and operational efficiency. 
Profit before tax grew to Rs.14.28 crore, an increase of 14.39%  from Q1 of FY’25. Profit after 
tax climbed to Rs.10.03 crore, reflecting an 8% rise over last year's Q1. Earnings per share for 
Q1 FY ’26 came in at Rs.2.41 reinforcing the company's sustained profitability and growth 
trajectory. 
The segmental revenue contribution stands  as below. Telecommu nication segment 
contributes to around 17.59%, government and PSU contributes to around 15.88%, BFSI stands 
at around 11.08%, and ITeS stands at around 10.45%, balance 45% contributes by mid-market 
and others . When I say mid -market and others, it includes revenue from sectors such as 
healthcare, manufacturing, infrastructure, real  estate, logistics, education, e -commerce, 
conglomerates, energy and service industries, etc… 
Now coming to the operational highlights for Q1 FY’26. Your company has secured multiple 
contracts across diverse sectors with a total order value of approximately Rs.104.66 crore . 
Marquee wins include a Rs.16 crore order in the Device as a Service segment (DaaS). Rs.28.66 
crore contract to deliver cloud-based email and office collaboration solutions for the public 
sector. Another Rs.18 crore order for implementing a VAT automation system for government 
departments. Rs.34.5 crore engagement to provide AI based server infrastructure and 3 ,415 
enterprise endpoints for a leading technology firm. Rs.3.5 crore contract for networking and 
security solution for a global enterprise and Rs.4 crore order for network security and endpoint 
protection solution for the healthcare sector. These wins further strengthen the company's 
position across government, enterprise, technology and healthcare market. This brings the 
total order book to a n amount of Rs.414 crore executed over FY’26. Now, let's open the floor 
for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first question 
from the line of Hiren, an Individual Investor. Please proceed. 
Hiren: So, sir just wanted to know more about Device as a Service and h ow are you classifying it 
industry wise or does it form a part of your mid -market and others and what do you see the 
scope for device as a service . So, can you just dwell more on that part and since you won a 
Rs.16 crore, what do you see the scope going forward? 
Management: Hiren, thank you for asking this question. Device as a service is our focused, innovative service 
which we want to provide in the market. And this model is being provided solely by Orient to 
start with, and now many more people will be coming out with this. This is not only the financial 
re-engineering, but it is more to attach bundled services on top of it, and that's where 
customers, rather than spending money in CAPEX, moves on to the OPEX, and they use it as a 
pay per use model. So , the way the cloud business  is, we are trying to do the end user 
computing or a server computing or network computing, all as a pay per use model and in the 
services format. So , this is cut across all the verticals , we can sell it in BFSI, we can sell it in 
[page 5]
 
 Page 4 of 10 
healthcare, we can sell it in the mid-market, so we can sell it anywhere. Only thing is, it will be 
considered as more of a managed services piece. So, it is more from an infrastructure managed 
services perspective. I hope I answered your question. 
Hiren: Yes, and is there any number you can put on the growth, or it's just because it is the beginning 
when you, as time goes by you will have more clarity on that? 
Ajay Sawant: So generally, we do not provide any forward-looking guidance, but there is a huge focus that 
we have it on this particular business line, since we have got listed. And if you would have read 
our DRHP, the maximum money that we want, we are going to take it from our IPO proceed s 
will be utilized in the device as a service, and this will be in complete rotation . So, we will be 
completely utilizing that fund, which we have assigned for device as a service. And that's how 
it's going to keep on holding it, and hopefully this will be more and more busin ess, which you 
will see quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shweta from SBI Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Shweta: The device as a service secured Rs.16 crore contract in this quarter. What is the pipeline and 
growth target for the rest of FY’26? I have other two questions. The BSI and the telecom sector 
are together contributing around 29% of the revenue. So, what are the plans to diversify further 
into high growth verticals? And the last question is, how do you see the competitive landscape 
evolving in the DaaS and remote infrastructure management space over the next two to three 
years? 
Ajay Sawant: Thanks Shweta for asking this question. First of all, let me first answer the DaaS part of it, and 
then I move to your telecommunication piece. D aaS business is very innovative and very new 
in the market segment. We feel huge business coming because the funnel size is huge. But as I 
said that we do not provide any forward-looking numbers, as per the guidance from SEBI. So, 
there is a huge funnel, which is there in the pipeline, and I see quarter -on-quarter bigger 
numbers than what you heard in Q1. So, my first and foremost, my idea here is to use the 
complete IPO proceed s. And, that's our first target that we have kept for ourselves, and we 
would like to utilize the entire money before Q3 so that's my first target, and then it will keep 
on revolving. So, I see a huge pipeline, and that gives us a good confidence to utilize the entire 
sum in Q3. Your next question was on the tele communication front. We have said that our 
telecommunication percentage is 17% and I don't think that's a huge challenge, because I don't 
think we need to diversify much , because 17% in telecommunica tion across the 
telecommunication sector, where the telecommunication is growing really well. Next in the 
line is government and PSU, which is 15.88% and then comes the BFSI which is 11%. So, I don't 
see that we need to be so much worried that 17% coming from telecommunication, but Shweta 
will definitely keep it in mind that not a single segment will get more than 20% share from our 
revenue. So that's our goal, and that will keep it in mind. I hope that answers your question. 
[page 6]
 
 Page 5 of 10 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narmesh Gupta from NJC. Please proceed.  
Narmesh Gupta: Sir my question is like, from last three Quarters, we are seeing a compression in margins. So, in 
the earlier con -calls you  have guided that these margins, some kind of investment, in 
employees you are making due to which these margins are getting affected, and these will 
again restore from Quarter 3 onwards. So, I just want in detail, what kind of these investments 
we are making which is directly affecting our P&L account and not the balance sheet. So, if you 
can just throw some more guidance on this. 
Ajay Sawant: First of all, let me say that thank you for tracking all our communication. You rightly mentioned 
that in our last con -call also we said that till Q2 will be very much under pressure in terms of 
increasing our EBIT DA margin or PAT margin. Primarily because our investment, which is 
happening in terms of security operating center, as you all know from our DRHP, that we are 
building a huge global standard, integrated NOC and SOC, which is Net Operating Center and 
Security Operating Center. Now that's a huge property, which you have taken, and we are 
investing a lot of skills. And that's where the employee cost, if you would have observed in our 
P&L is growing. And that's where which is hitting our  profitability rather, and not our balance 
sheet. And if you see the other piece of it, that the moment we start getting operational, which 
we are hoping to do it in 30 to 45 days, which is end of the Quarter 2, and from Q3 onwards 
the business will start flowing, whereby I feel the investment whatever we have done in Q1 
and Q2 it will start giving us the return from Q3 onwards. And, that is where I said in the last 
couple of times that yes, till Q2 we will be under pressure. Margins will be under pressure, but 
Q3 onwards you will see the improvement in the margin. So, thank you for tracking it. And yes, 
we are still saying same thing. We are not changing even a word. I am still confident that till Q2 
will be having a pressure on margin, but Q3 onwards, you will see the margins will keep on 
improving. Cyber security is a big play and every customer need security, and that's where we 
want to play our next game, along with the DaaS, cloud, digital transformation, these are all 
other buzzwords which are already there, and we are already there establish ourselves. Cyber 
Security is the other thing that we want to work with. So that  is where the investment is 
happening, and that's where the slightly margins are under pressure. 
Narmesh Gupta: Okay. Sir, in this I have one more question. You said that you are building. I hope, sir, you are 
comfortable in Hindi also. 
Ajay Sawant: Marathi, Hindi, English, I know these three languages and I am okay in these three. 
Narmesh Gupta: So, you said that you are establishing a huge network security center. So, can you give us some, 
how much total operating expense, how much employee cost, have we invested and have we 
started getting revenue from this center? 
Ajay Sawant: SOC is not operational yet. We got possession, now we are building the SOC and now by Q2 
end it will become operation al, by 30th September, it should be completely operation al. But, 
[page 7]
 
 Page 6 of 10 
we need to deploy people , we need to train them , we need to do lot of activity there. And 
that's where the cost is building . And these are all different skill sets . So, please understand 
every skill set cost s a bomb. And once we build this and start getting operational in Q3 I am 
sure we will start getting good results and it's a huge bottom line, because it's all service. It's a 
security, cyber based security which is managed through our center . Running out of Mahape, 
in Navi Mumbai that will fetch us better margin. 
Narmesh Gupta: Can we take some idea in this, how much cost went in our P&L from this center in Q1, we have 
not generated any revenue of this center we will do that from Quarter 3, but what is the total 
amount of the cost, if you can give some idea on that? 
Ajay Sawant: The center of the SOC, that property itself is costing more than Rs.10 crore. P lus setting up a 
SOC, the infrastructure for the SOC is to the tune of around Rs.6 to Rs.7 crores. And then comes 
the operational cost, which is a skill cost . So, that constitutes to around another couple of 
crores. So, you can calculate over this thing, I will not be able to tell you how many people, how 
each person will be costing, and all those things, but this is a rough cost. 
Narmesh Gupta: Sir up told about the balance sheet Rs.10 crore and Rs.7 crore, but how much would the hit in 
P&L? 
Ajay Sawant: On the operational cost, the skill cost, the employee salary cost. 
Narmesh Gupta: If you can give some idea on the Rs.3 crore, Rs.4 crore. 
Ajay Sawant: Around Rs.2 crore plus. Thanks for tracking, but keep on tracking, because whatever we say we 
want to deliver it, and I want people like you who should keep on reminding us.  
Moderator:  Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Darshil Javeri from Crown Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Darshil Javeri: So, regarding the previous participants question also, my questions are on the same line. So 
now we are saying  Q3 onward these centers will start, giving us revenue. So , any idea, what 
kind of revenue are we expecting in the first year, because you are already investing a couple 
of crores in terms of employee salary. So how do we look at it, sir? 
Ajay Sawant: Okay. So, as I said earlier, forward looking numbers, I am not supposed to talk, but I can promise 
you one thing, this center will be profitable within 18 to 20 months’ time. We will be generating 
revenue from Q3 onwards, but independent unit of the cyber security, will take some time to 
be exact profitable, because whatever investment we are doing is for a long term. 
Darshil Javeri: Okay. So, in terms of profitable you mean, overall, the business like the Rs.17 crore you 
acquired, the land and building on the overall basis, right? 
[page 8]
 
 Page 7 of 10 
Ajay Sawant: Yes, I am saying for overall BU perspective, cyber security as a BU perspective. 
Darshil Javeri: Okay. 
Ajay Sawant: It will take some time to recover that cost, whatever we have invested. 
Darshil Javeri: Okay. So in general, what are the margins then we can expect in this business , and also going 
forward, I understand we can’t give forward looking, but in terms of our two segments that we 
are talking about, infrastructure solutions and services so on those what is the split that we 
want to operate on and how are the margins in each segment sir, so just wanted to know, how 
will our budget trajectory flow going forward sir? 
Ajay Sawant: Okay. So, what we have done that now, from April onwards the entire business is divided into 
two lines of business, first is infrastructure solutions, which consist of end user computing as a 
BU and a Data Center Solution as a BU. Second, a line of business i ts application and IT 
infrastructure services. This LOB consists of cloud Digital Transformation, IMS that is 
infrastructure Managed Services, which has further divided into managed Services plus 
Security services. So , Cyber Security comes under IMS, which is part of a n application and IT 
infrastructure services, LOB. I am saying as a separate BU, it will take time but it will start 
generating huge margin. Being a service, it should give us more than 20% margin. Infrastructure 
products and solutions gives us around 8% to 10% margin. Second LOB gives us around 15% to 
20% margin. 
Darshil Javeri: Okay, fair enough sir. And sir what is the split between the two , like we want 50 :50, split, or 
how do we want the split going forward? 
Ajay Sawant: So, currently it is 65% into the infrastructure and solutions perspective. That is the LOB number 
one and 35% is application and IT infrastructure services perspective . Over a period of time, 
we want both to come 50:50. 
Darshil Javeri: Okay, fair enough sir. And with regards to  our orders, we have mentioned in the PPT around, 
Rs.414 crores order we have for 2026, any other orders that we are seeing what is our pipeline 
if you could help with that, how is the pipeline looking for us, any big contract that we are 
bidding for or we are expecting to win, sir? 
Ajay Sawant: So, there are number of big contracts that we are bidding for, and as we don't discuss any 
forward looking transactions or numbers in such calls, but as and when we click, we get the PO, 
we announce it, either with the permission of the customer or we just mention a segment, but 
we keep on announcing to our investors and public that, yes these are the orders we have won, 
and there are many more you will see in near future. 
[page 9]
 
 Page 8 of 10 
Darshil Javeri: Okay, fair enough sir. Just last question from my end sir. As a company what is our three year 
vision and goal, what do we want to be as a company and where you envisage that this 
company will be here? 
Ajay Sawant: So very honestly, we are  IT Lifecycle Management partner,  and we will be the focus partner 
and trying to become in SI space, as in top five system integrator partner in India. Within three 
years’ time, hopefully we will be not only serving India, but even nearby APAC countries, or 
Middle East is our next target. But within three years, we will be definitely there. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Thakur, an Individual Investor. 
Please proceed. 
Nikhil Thakur: Sir my first question is our revenue from first Quarter grew approximately 43% and could you 
break down the key drivers of this growth. And my second question would be, as when the 
profit, as revenue has grown around 43% but why is PAT, profit after tax is growing at the 8% 
what sectors are impacting the net profitability can you please help me with this? 
Ajay Sawant: Okay. S o, coming back t o your first question, Nikhil . O ur key driver for this 43% growth is 
primarily cloud. There is a huge cloud infrastructure that's happening, and more and more 
customers are adopting cloud infrastructure. Second is of course digital transformation, which 
is happening at various customer place right from Government and PSU in the healthcare and 
there are lot of mid-market segment. Third driver is of course our device as a service. So Da aS 
has taken place now, so people are more and more asking us for more DaaS solutions so that's 
something which is coming up. We are hearing lot of things on the agentic  AI, Gen AI and all 
those things. But actually, that is not materializing in terms of revenue perspective. People are 
definitely trying, talking, asking for a demo, a lot of things they are asking, but it's not able to 
materialize in terms of a revenue perspective, but yes, we are preparing on that. But cloud is 
definitely there, and there is a huge growth I see in many more quarters. Digital transformation 
is again there, DaaS will keep on growing. And now, from Q3 onwards, I see even cyber security. 
So, these are the areas where I see the key drivers for us to grow. And of course, our team is 
expanding, we are doing lot of investment in the team. Of course, that has increased our 
expenses, which has taken the PAT down, a bit and of course DaaS will definitely come under 
EBITDA. So, DaaS will give us a better EBITDA and slightly  lower PAT, but that's a call that we 
have taken. We want to get into this ARR driven revenue, which is Annual Recurring Revenue 
we say, which gives us stability, consistency and predictability in the business. And that's what 
we are focusing on currently, and that's where we get more and more predictable growth. So, 
if you see our last Financial Year, we grew by 39% even after growing 39% in last Financial Year, 
Q1 the growth is 43% which is a stellar growth, and it's a great beginning for the year. Yes, now 
you may say 43% top line growth, but bottom line it's not grown that way. So, somewhere we 
need to be happy with, somewhere we need to have some investment we are doing it in a long 
term. People have to understand the business that if you are trying to do something in the new 
arenas, it's an investment first, and the returns will follow very soon. And that's where the PAT 
[page 10]
 
 Page 9 of 10 
is slightly going down, but it has improved if you see the PAT over last year and this quarter, 
this quarter PAT is around 8%  and it will keep on  increasing after Q3. I hope Nikhil, I am 
answering your question. 
Moderator:  Yes. The next question is from the line of Keshav from Niveshaay. Please proceed. 
Keshav: So sir, as you provide solutions in the cloud space, so may I know which software service  we 
provide, is it Red Hat or any other player and also, if you are developing any platform from 
India, like covenant platform that has been offered by the Indian players, so if you could give 
some color on this area? 
Ajay Sawant: So very honestly, we do lot of services on cloud. So of course, AWS, Azure are our primary 
infrastructure perspective players. But besides that, Red Hat OpenShift, Nutanix Kubernetes 
Platform are the one which we use to serve our customers who are into the development piece, 
and we give lot of Orient hosted managed services on cloud. So, what we provide is more of a 
SecOps, SynOps kind of a solutions along with the DevOps. So , whenever the customer needs 
a security on cloud we are there , whenever customer wants to optimize their cloud because 
cloud is no cheaper as it used to be. Please, understand people go on cloud because it's agile, 
the agility perspective and flexibility perspective. But the moment you go on cloud your billing 
starts increasing exponential. Exponentially your billing increases, and then you need 
somebody to come and consult you how do I optimize my billing , that is where our SynOps 
operations come into a place. Same thing about security, and that's where we provide on the 
cloud. 
Keshav: Got it, sir. So, sir, do you see these Indian sovereign platforms are being adopted by the 
customers of yours? 
Ajay Sawant: Still, I don't see so much of adoption happening, still there is a time. 
Keshav: Sir, do you see that the growth can come in this area, what's your view on this? 
Ajay Sawant: Cloud growth which area it will come is an unpredictable thing. 
Keshav: No, I am just asking about the sovereign platforms that are being offered by Tata and other 
players. 
Ajay Sawant: I don't see, they will be able to give the entire value, which probably AWS or Azure is  able to 
give you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question, and would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ajay Sawant for the closing comments. Over to you sir. 
[page 11]
 
 Page 10 of 10 
Ajay Sawant: So, thank you everybody. Special thanks to Gaurav Girdhar from Concept IR for organizing this 
call. We truly appreciate all the participants for taking the time to join us today. If you have any 
further queries, please feel free to reach out to us. We will be happy to address them all. Thank 
you once again for your continued support and interest in our company, and once again wishing 
everyone Happy Independence Day tomorrow. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Orient Technologies Limited  and Concept Investor Relations, that 
concludes this conference. If you have any further questions, please send an email to 
gaurav.g@conceptpr.com. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
