
[page 1]
 
May 29, 2025  
 
To, 
The Manager (CRD) 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 522215 Symbol : HLEGLAS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q4 & FY 2024-25
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of  SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings 
conference call held on May 23, 2025 regarding disc ussion on operational and financial 
performance for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2025 (Q4 & FY 2024-25).
 
 
This same will also be available on the Company's website at www.hleglascoat.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HLE Glascoat Limited  
 
 
ACHAL S. THAKKAR 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
THAKKA
R ACHAL
Digitally signed by THAKKAR ACHAL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=390002, st=GUJARAT, 
street=FLAT 402 ANAND HOUSE 
PHASE2VADODARAFATEHGUNJEME ROAD 390002, 
l=VADODARA, o=Personal, title=6927, 
serialNumber=fb0569ecc991464c057d2628145f38977
53b62a8984b8d31ff6911feed546c0f, 
pseudonym=c663646eb3e681962e682a3758e6424d, 
2.5.4.20=135cbb41d1c3db67aade17bd4e86c5b23cf41
e07195846207aa88495f70907a4, 
email=ACHAL_1998@YAHOO.CO.IN, cn=THAKKAR 
ACHAL 
Date: 2025.05.29 13:16:49 +05'30'

[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“HLE Glascoat Limited Q4 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: M R. HIMANSHU PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HLE GLASCOAT LIMITED 
MR. AALAP PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HLE 
GLASCOAT LIMITED 
MR. HARSH PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HLE 
GLASCOAT LIMITED 
MR. NAVEEN KANDPAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HLE GLASCOAT LIMITED 
MODERATOR: M S. VIDHI VASA – MUFG 


[page 3]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HLE Glascoa t Limited Q4 and FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vidhi Vasa. Thank you, and over to you, ma’am. 
Vidhi Vasa: Good evening everyone. Welcome to the Q4 and FY ‘25 Earnings Conf erence Call of HLE 
Glascoat Limited. 
Today on this call, we have Mr. Himanshu Patel –  Managing  Director; Mr. Aalap Patel – 
Executive Director; and Mr. Harsh Patel – Executive Director with the other senior management 
team.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statem ents about the Company which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today.  Actua l results may differ materially. 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. A detailed safe harbor statem ent is given on Page #2 of Company’s 
investor presentation, which has been uploaded on the Stock Exchange as well as Company's 
Website. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Himanshu Patel for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Patel: Thank you. Good afternoon and warm welcome to all the partici pants. Thank you for joining us 
today to discuss the financial and operational performance of HLE Glascoat for Q4 and Financial 
Year '25.  
I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through our financial r esults and the investor 
presentation, which has been uploaded on Stock Exchanges as well as on the Company's website. 
I am pleased to share that Q4 Financial Year '25 has been a milestone quarter for us. In terms of 
absolute operating performance after a few quarters of relative softness, we reported an EBITDA 
of Rs. 54 crores with EBITDA margin of 16.3%. While our  revenue growth remained robust, 
our strategic initiatives allowed us to extract operating  leverage from existing operations. This 
has translated into a standout profit after tax, further r eaffirming the long-term strength of our 
business model. 
I am also proud to highlight our strong cash generation during the financial year, which enabled 
us to reduce both long-term and short-term debt obligations by approximately Rs. 50 crores. 
This aligns with our ongoing commitment to strengthen our balanc e sheet. Going forward, 

[page 4]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 19 
rationalizing our working capital cycle and debt reductio n will remain key priorities backed by 
consistent growths, sustained cash flow and prudent capital allocation.  
From a macroeconomic standpoint, the outlook across our end user industry is turning positive. 
India is entering a multi-year CAPEX cycle with public and pr ivate investments gaining steady 
traction.  
In pharmaceuticals, stable demand and a renewed focus on com pliance and innovation are 
driving fresh capacity creation and hence opening up opportunities for high-quality, technology-
driven equipment like ours.  
Specialty chemicals continue to benefit from global substitution, sustainability shifts, and supply 
chain localization, supporting long-term infrastructure investments. Though agrochemicals face 
short-term pricing pressure, inventory normalization and policy support are setting the stage for 
a gradual demand recovery and CAPEX revival.  
Overall, the specialty chemicals and agrochemicals segments are expected to recover post-global 
trade uncertainty. At HLE Glascoat, we remain well posit ioned to harness these tailwinds 
through our robust product portfolio and long-standing customer relationship.  
I am also glad to inform you that Kinam Engineering has initi ated supplies of its first large oil 
and gas order. This order will be fully executed in Q1 of Financial Year '25-'26. This, we believe, 
is a significant milestone that marks our strategic entr y into this high potential vertical. It not 
only diversifies our end-market exposure, but also reinforces our capability to deliver complex, 
high-value engineering solutions beyond our traditional sectors.  
On the regulatory front, the Honorable NCLT Ahmedabad Bench has scheduled the final hearing 
for the approval of the scheme of amalgamation of Kinam Enterprise Private Limited with HLE 
Glascoat Limited in July 2025. Once approved, this amalgamati on will mark the completion of 
the multi-state Kinam acquisition transaction and HLE Glascoa t will own 70% stake in Kinam 
Engineering Industries Private Limited. This will further unlock operational synergies ultimately 
enhancing shareholder value.  
As we move into Financial Year '26, we carry strong momentum underpinned by a healthy order 
book with a business visibility of over 7 months for the international business and over 6 months 
for the India business. Our short focus will continue on strengthening relationships with pharma, 
specialty chemicals, and agrochemical players, improving internal efficiencies to maintain 
margin resilience and continuing our balance sheet optimization strategy.  
At HLE Glascoat, we remain committed to deliver innovative, customized, and efficient process 
equipment to our customers in this dynamic sector. During the year under review, we continued 
to enhance our manufacturing and engineering processes while deepening engagement with our 
core client base.  

[page 5]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 19 
We are also channelizing investments in process automation and sustainable design, helping our 
clients not just meet productivity goals but also advance  on their ESG aspirations. In this 
direction, we have recently inaugurated the state-of-the-a rt Center of Excellence at Anand, 
Gujarat.  
While the performance has been encouraging, our Board has proposed to continue with the same 
dividend to conserve resources for the Company's growth plan, that is 55% as declared over the 
last year.  
I will now hand over the call to our CFO Mr. Naveen Kandpal,  who will take you through the 
financial performance for the quarter and the year. Thank you, and over to you, Naveen. 
Naveen Kandpal: Thank you, sir. Good afternoon to all the participants. I am  pleased to share our financial results 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025.  
The Company reported consolidated revenue from operations of approximately INR 334 crores 
with a growth of 8.7% compared to Q4 FY ’24, EBITDA of INR 54 crores witnessing a growth 
of 41.1% year-on-year from Q4 FY ’24 with an EBITDA margin of 15.3%, reflecting our strong 
operational performance. The Company declared its consolidated PAT at around INR 32 crores, 
a 113.8% year-on-year jump in comparison with Q4 FY ‘24, whi ch ended with a PAT margin 
of 9.5%.  
On a sequential basis, we achieved revenue growth of 44.4%, up from INR 231 crores. EBITDA 
on a sequential basis saw an increase of 96.7%, whereas PAT registered a significant growth of 
207.8% as compared to Q3 FY ‘25.  
For FY ‘25, our revenue grew by approximately 6.2%, rising from INR 968 crores to INR 1,028 
crores. Our EBITDA grew 16.6% year-on-year and the annual EBITDA margins stood at 13.7%.  
In Q4 FY ‘25, our filtration, drying, and other equipment segments, we de-grew by 5% compared 
to Q4 FY ‘24. We reported our revenue of INR 109 crores in comparison to INR 115 crores in 
the corresponding quarter.  
Likewise, in FY ‘25, our revenue dropped by 16% in this s egment. Despite the revenue de-
growth in this segment, we were able to maintain the double -digit EBIT margin for the Q4 FY 
'25 at 11.2%.  
Meanwhile, our glass-lined equipment business generated a bout INR 582 crores of sales 
compared to INR 497 crores last year, reflecting a growth of 17%, with EBIT of INR 54 crores, 
growing by 85% in comparison to Q4 FY '24.  
The heat transfer equipment business showed a revenue g rowth of 38% contributing INR 122 
crores to our sales for FY '25, up from INR 89 crores in FY '24. 

[page 6]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 19 
Talking on the debt position, we repaid approximately around Rs. 50 crores in this financial year, 
reflecting strong operational cash flows and paving the way  for lower interest costs supporting 
sustained profitability growth.  
While certain end markets continue to face headwinds, our di versified product portfolio and 
strategic aggregation have helped us navigate the environment e ffectively. We remain focused 
on enhancing operational efficiency, deepening customer engagemen t and maintaining a 
disciplined financial approach to support long-term sustainable growth.  
With that, I would now request the moderator to open the floor for any question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-an swer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. You may proceed. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: Sure, thanks and congratulations on a good quarter. My first question was on your GLE business. 
I see that you have already recovered back to your FY '20 l evels. So, could you talk about the 
recovery across different end-user segments, how that stac ks up and also across India and 
Thaletec business? That will be my first question.   
Aalap Patel: Good afternoon. So the GLE business, like even the filtrat ion and drying segment is seeing good 
attraction from the pharma customers. The share of pharma customers in our total order book 
has grown significantly this year. While we see very posit ive growth in pharma, we also have 
encouraging trends in the chemical segment. And we are also seeing a positive uptick, not just 
in inquiry, but also in order book for the chemical customer.  
 As far as the split between India and the Thaletec Germa ny business goes, the ThaletecGermany 
business has actually contributed a larger share of the growth in the overall GLE business rather 
than the India business.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: And is that largely happening because of again higher indexati on towards pharma in  the 
Germany business?  
Aalap Patel: Yes, that's correct.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: Right. On the margin side, I mean, given the situation tha t you are right now in and the recovery 
that you are expecting, when do you think you would be able to get  back to your mid to high 
teens sort of EBIT range? And how is the competitive inte nsity at the moment versus where it 
was possibly a few quarters back?  
Aalap Patel: So, I will answer the question about competitive intensity f irst. As the volumes in the market go 
up, the competitive intensity obviously eases out a little bit. And as a result, obviously our ability 
to get better pricing also increases and obviously that tends to an increase in the margins.  
 Also, as the volumes go up, we will see spreading out of som e of the fixed costs, obviously also 
leading to an increase in the margins. And as we have maintained through the last few quarters, 

[page 7]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 19 
we still believe that a long-term sustainable margin for  the India business is in the 17% to 18% 
range, and that for the German business is in the 14% to 15% range.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: And that will be for your overall business, right? I mea n, if we were to one, specifically talk 
about your GLE and then the F&D business, how would the sustainable margins stack up?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think the sustainable margins for both the businesses ar e relatively similar. Yes, so they would 
be in the 17% to 18% range as indicated by Aalap.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: Sure, lastly, on your heat exchanger business, I just want  to understand the dynamics of the 
segment where you operate in more on the pharma and chemica l side. How is the competitive 
intensity there and then who are the larger players supplyi ng these heat exchanger equipments 
to your end clientele, both in India and globally?  
Aalap Patel: So, I think the general, since we cater to the same indu stry, the chemical and the pharma, there 
is a substantial overlap in the customers between our di fferent product segments there. So, the 
competitive intensity and the evolution of the market dynamics are comparable to our GLE and 
F&D businesses there also.  
 In terms of who the competitors are, in India typically heat exchanger manufacturers are, so it's 
a very fragmented industry. There are a large number o f relatively small players catering to 
chemical and pharma. Also, there are a couple of large c ompanies operating with a revenue in 
the Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 200 crore range. But apart from that,  it remains a highly fragmented 
industry.  
Jaiveer Shekhawat: If I may, the last question, given you have been leader s on the F&D side, I am just trying to 
understand, is the clientele over there very different? Bec ause ideally it should not be the case, 
so why has there been a decline on that segment versus sort of  growth that you are now seeing 
on the glass lining side? I just want to understand that better.  
Aalap Patel: Yes. So, I think, as we had also said during our last call , the order booking for the first two 
quarters was subdued for both our businesses, so F&D and glass lining. However, there is always 
a certain lag in the timeframe when the order booking picks up for each business, a quarter or 
two here or there.  
 The order booking for F&D division really picked up in t he last two quarters, predominantly in 
the last quarter of the year. And owing to our cycle time, all of this could not be dispatched. And 
we only recognize the revenue once the equipment is built and dispatched.  
 So, while we see a slight de-growth in the F&D business i n the last financial year, we are 
currently at a very high order book, which gives us more t han six months or rather close to a 
little over six months of visibility. So, the top line in the F&D business should recover this year.  

[page 8]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 19 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vibhav Khandelwal f rom Laburnum Capital. You may 
proceed.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: Thank you and congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My fi rst question was similar to the 
questions asked by the previous analyst. If you could sort of give us some sense of how you are 
seeing the sectors evolve, both pharma and chemical. You gave us some details, but it would be 
helpful if you could give us more sense of how it's stacking up domestically versus 
internationally? So, what's the different trends you are seeing, what are the drivers you are seeing 
in both sectors, domestically and internationally, that would be helpful. Thank you.  
Harsh Patel: Hello, can you repeat the question a little bit? I missed t he first part.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: So, my question was basically, if you could give us some com mentary about both the sectors, 
pharma and chemical. You gave us some sense in the previous que stion, but if you could detail 
it out a little further, what are the different trends e merging, both domestically and 
internationally? Are there any differences, so on and so forth?  
Harsh Patel: So, I think as Aalap explained earlier, the pharmaceutical  sector has seen an encouraging or 
rather very positive uplift in the Indian industry. There has been investment in the pharma sector 
going on in India, which has led to the good order book that we have.  
 The non-pharma, when I say non-pharma, I would include agroche micals, some part of basic 
chemicals, dyes, colorants, pigments, all those kind of i ndustry. They have seen some 
encouraging development, but they are not at the level that we think they should be. So, there is 
still some growth opportunity that will come by once those  sectors start reviving. These are the 
two, say, basic trends that are emerging in these two, say, broad segments that we can have. 
 The other trend that is emerging and I see emerging is the impact of tariffs that the U.S. finally 
will have on India and on China. In general, what we see rig ht now, even right now when they 
have a trade deal agreed kind of with China and the trade deal w ith us is yet to be finalized, we 
are already seeing  anywhere between 10% to 20% different ial in the tariff. So, I believe that 
this  is advantageous for India, at least for the U.S. market.  
 I also think that there is also an uptick. What we see  is that a lot of things that Europe was not 
manufacturing because of the trade wars with China, the war in Ukraine, continuing war in 
Ukraine and Russia, a lot of things, even the European countr ies, they have started investing in 
segments which earlier they were always thinking of goin g to Asia. So, overall, for the glass-
lined business in Europe in Thaletec, we see the long-term trend being that more investment is 
coming and for pharma it’s good in India and the tariffs are a lso  giving us an overall positive 
outlook. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: Understood, this is helpful. One more question I had was r egarding the F&D and GLE business. 
So just to confirm the growth with the fresh CAPEX, the  growth rates for both GLE and F&D 
is broadly similar and the difference is largely just timi ng. So, with fresh CAPEX emerging, 

[page 9]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 19 
broadly  would say that the growth rates of both GLE an d F&D businesses respectively should 
be similar . Am I right? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, you are right. The growth rates would be similar.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: Understood, and one more question. I think I noticed in the pa st, FY '23 and FY '24 specifically, 
we saw that the receivables as a percentage of sales, they  were going up. Especially now, of 
course, you know, in FY '25 that's improved a lot. I just w anted to understand if we can expect 
the same FY '25 performance going forward. And if the FY '2 3 and FY '24 performance which 
was slightly weak on the receivables and working capital front was largely due to the down sizes, 
right? 
Naveen Kandpal: Thank you for the question. So, yes, your observations are right . In '24-'25 there has been a 
significant improvement on receivables collection front and we hope that this will continue in 
the coming year as well.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: Got it, any guidance you would like to offer for FY ’26, FY '27 on growth for the margins front? 
Margins we mentioned already regarding satisfied margins. But on growth, if you would like to 
offer any guidance?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think we are expecting growth in the high-teens. I would say  somewhere in the range of 16% 
to 20%.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: And this would be primarily driven by the pharma sector a nd the benefits, the trends being the 
CDMO andglobal supply chain diversification as you mentioned, right?  
Naveen Kandpal: Yes, the pharma sector will be the driver, but we are also expect ing revival in the other parts of 
the chemical industry which has so far been subdued.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: All right. That's all from my end.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DS P Asset Managers. You may proceed.  
Resham Jain: Good evening, team. So, I have a few questions. The first one i s with respect to Thaletec. If you 
can share what is the Thaletec share of the revenue in FY ‘25 overall out of Rs. 582 crores of 
total glass-lined revenue?  
Naveen Kandpal: So, total share of Thaletec’s revenue is around 30% of our t otal consolidated revenue. 30-, 35%.  
Resham Jain: Sorry, if you can help the exact revenue of Thaletec, that w ould be helpful.  
Naveen Kandpal: So, I think for the year, Thaletec revenue is about Rs. 360 crores. 
Resham Jain: Which means Thaletec has actually grown like significant ly this year. Almost like more than 
40%-50%. Is that correct?  

[page 10]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 19 
Nilesh Ganjwala: No, I think on the annual basis it has grown by roughly about 20% -23%.  
Resham Jain: This is including the Thaletec revenue which you might be a ccruing from U.S. and India.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, so this includes Thaletec Germany and Thaletec USA. Bo th put together, yes. 
Resham Jain: And is the margin this year, FY ‘25, much better than I ndia's margin? Is that a right 
understanding?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: The margin has improved considerably over the last ye ar. This year the margin is close to about 
15% at the EBITDA level.  
Resham Jain: Clear. And with respect to Kinam, given that you have won the large oil and gas order, the 
overall revenue itself is like Rs. 120 odd crores this yea r. So, given the large size order, should 
one expect that the growth will be disproportionate till '26 given the size of the business and the 
order size which you have mentioned?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, that's a fair expectation. Yes, absolutely, because a large part of the order is likely to be 
executed in FY ‘26.  
Resham Jain: So, Kinam will become what size? Let's say in '26 and over 2- 3 years, what is your expectation?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I can probably give you some indicative numbers for FY  ‘26. We are expecting it to cross Rs. 
200 crores  
Resham Jain:                        Okay, and maintaining the margin trajectory, which we have done in the past.  
Nilesh Ganjwala:                  That’s Correct 
Resham Jain: Understood. So, just one final last one, just comprehending what you mentioned in your previous 
remarks as well. The overall revenue then 15%-17%, if I just take the Rs. 200 crores from Kinam, 
then the base business growth will be like 10%-12% only. Is that a right understanding or maybe 
am I reading this wrong?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I don't think your reading is wrong, but I guess we as mana gement would like to be conservative 
and over perform.  
Resham Jain: Clear. Thank you for answering all the questions and all the be st.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raj Patel from RK Securitie s. You may proceed.  
Raj Patel: Just two quick questions from my side. First one, what could be t he total addressable market for 
the heat transfer equipment and what is the share of HLE Glascoat in that market?  

[page 11]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 19 
Aalap Patel: I think the total addressable size of the heat exchan ger business is a little difficult to quantify. 
Because like I said earlier, it's a highly fragmented in dustry. But we feel that it's a market of 
anywhere close to the Rs. 1,500 crores mark, give or take a couple of Rs. 100 crores. And out of 
that, with a revenue of around Rs. 122 crores this year, we are about 10% of the market.  
Raj Patel: And my next question is with repeated order book of Rs. 575. 1 crore as of March 2024. So, what 
is the expected timeline for the order execution and how is th is alignment with the Company's 
capacity and resources planning? As well as, can you provide the breakdown of CAPEX for the 
upcoming year?  
Aalap Patel: So, the order book number of Rs. 575 crores is as on 31st  March. And as we speak today, we 
have already, even net of sales, we have increased the orde r book number by close to Rs. 100 
crores. So, like I said earlier, it gives us a visibility of around six months. And this is around six 
months for the India business and about seven months visibil ity for the international business. 
In terms of the capacity with very minimal small CAP EXs which are more like maintenance 
CAPEX in nature, we should be able to cater to all of these orders. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjay, an individual invest or. You may proceed.  
Sanjay: Good evening and congratulations for the good quarter. My questio n is slightly different. This 
is a suggestion as well and the Company also may be in the  process. I just wanted to know 
whether our Company is exploring possibilities of expanding business in the aerospace, defense, 
power and nuclear sector where filtration and heat exchanging  activities could have a marked 
impact on expanding our business.  
Aalap Patel: Yes, that's a very interesting question. See, as a part of our filtration and drying and exotic 
material business, we very frequently execute engineer to order equipment. And in the past, we 
have also executed orders for the defense sector in terms of having supplied decompression 
chambers for the Indian Navy. So, this is already a sector t hat we have dabbled in and it is 
obviously also a sector which is interesting for us.  
Sanjay: And is there any confirmed orders with regard to the defense or ongoing orders with regard to 
the defense and power sector? Even nuclear.  
Aalap Patel: So at the moment, in our order book, we don't have any orders fr om defense or nuclear.  
Sanjay: But is the Company trying to engage in garnering business from these activities?  
Aalap Patel: Yes, these sectors are interesting for us.  
Sanjay: Because this is a sunrise, this one, and the government budget itself is so large, getting a small 
bit can expand our business multi-fold.  
Aalap Patel: Yes, absolutely.  

[page 12]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 19 
Sanjay: And second question would be based on your assumptions and guida nce, is it possible that our 
Company profits may touch the coveted Rs. 100 crore mark this year, net profit?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think we are working hard to touch that number. Yes, we are definitely going to make an 
attempt.  
Sanjay: It will be a milestone if it happens.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, absolutely. We are hopeful of achieving that very soon.  
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up question from the line of R esham Jain from DSP Asset 
Managers. You may proceed.  
Resham Jain: Thanks for taking my question again. So, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you have 
put up a new R&D facility at Anand. If you can just share your thoughts, what are you planning 
to do there? And are you getting into any other new line of b usiness as well through that 
particular facility?  
Aalap Patel: Yes. So, the facility is actually a Center of Excellence f or glass lining. So, it involves multiple 
aspects, starting from research and fundamental research and  development around glass. Also 
new product development, assisting the Thaletec team with rapid prototyping and stuff like that. 
So, it's an integrated facility which can not only do R&D, but also for state-of-the-art production 
of the glass itself. And with that capability, obviously t he ultimate end goal is to open doors to 
entirely new industries in the material space, but that  is not something that is short-term, but 
obviously that is the long-term objective. 
Resham Jain: Okay, but this facility or excellence center will not i ncrease your overall capacity. Is that correct? 
It is just to add on some of the newer areas. How should one re ad about this? Like this 
investment, how is that going to help in the overall Company from a revenue perspective?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, while it may not have a direct immediate impact on revenues, I think it has two or three 
longer term impacts. One is of course by improved products and improved material research; we 
are expecting to improve the quality of product and also improve the ultimate realization.  
 It is also a demonstration for our customers of our pass ion for high quality products and 
continued research and development which will keep us ahead o f the rest, which is really what 
is required. This is also a great platform for us to talk  to potential customers and also helps us 
considerably in convincing customers of our capabilities both in terms of the glass itself as well 
as the overall equipment.  
Harsh Patel: So, there are multiple things that we are looking at. S o, a lot of innovation at Thaletec was 
happening in Germany. This center also helps in doing some of the research development work 
in India. So, the Thaletec team is taking help of the facilities that we have developed here, , and 
we are jointly developing specific products or innovations for the Indian market. So, these are 

[page 13]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 19 
all long-term things that will come into play. I mean, not r eally tangible in that sense, but they 
are very, very important for the long sustainability of business. 
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Vi bhav Khandelwal from Laburnum 
Capital. You may proceed.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: Just a follow-up from a previous question. I think you mention ed that in India you are seeing a 
good trend of investments being happening. My assumption is a lot of it is just global supply 
chain diversification. I wanted to understand from your conv ersations with clients etc., do you 
not see any trends of that sort in internationally in Eur ope, for example? Or is it more India 
focused only?  
Aalap Patel: I am sorry, I don't understand your question fully. Could you please try explaining the, or rather 
restating the question?  
Vibhav Khandelwal: Yes, my question is, in the previous answer, I think you m entioned, if I remember correctly, that 
a large trend you are seeing, a good trend that you are see ing is that in India, you are seeing 
increased investment in pharma given global supply chain diver sification and more capacity 
being added. My question is are you seeing similar trends i n Europe also or if this theme or the 
large CAPEX, is it more India focused only? 
Aalap Patel: I think what we are also seeing is more frequently la rger projects in Europe. Now the exact 
nature of those projects, what molecules, what is a customer  strategy behind making those 
investments, those are things that we often don't have complete clarity on. But yes, we are seeing 
a larger share of project orders within our inquiry pipeline and also in our order book. This is 
with regards to Europe. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: And one more question. Could you please give me some sense on what is the typical maintenance 
CAPEX that we typically need to undertake on a steady-state basis on a consol level?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, I think we normally spend roughly in the region, we curre ntly have four plants in India and 
the fifth plant in Germany in the group. Between the five plants, the maintenance CAPEX for 
the year ranges between Rs. 12 crores to Rs. 15 crores.  
Vibhav Khandelwal: That's all.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ajay Surya from Niveshaa y. You may proceed. 
Ajay Surya: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the performanc e which has been really 
encouraging. Sir, if my understanding is right, from what we understand, the replacement cycle 
is slightly faster in glass-lined equipment might be like 4-5 years compared to ANF or ANFD.  
 And if we look at our end industry, like majorly being che micals and pharma, which had a large-
scale CAPEX cycle during and post-COVID, so when we say that the order inquiry and 
conversion cycle is improving, so wanted to make more sense on whether is it the replacement 

[page 14]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 19 
demand for these equipments which has started to kick in or are we saying is it like new 
equipments being installed? Also, if not currently, then when do we see the replacement demand 
kicking in which can maybe yield better growth for the Company?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, I think the replacement demand is ongoing, continuous. B ut even within the replacement 
demand, it is not pure replacement as can be identified a s replacement because typically a 
customer who had, let's say, a 5,000-liter reactor, when he re places it with the expansion in his 
own business, typically places an order for maybe a 6,000- or  8,000-liter reactor and so on. So, 
even a replacement demand for us is additional investment from the customer. So, from that 
perspective, replacement demand is ongoing.  
 I think the CAPEX demand is more related to the capaci ty utilization of each of these customers. 
And that is what we typically consider as CAPEX is when the re is an additional investment to 
enhance capacities.so our predominant focus from a business development perspective is to 
focus on the CAPEX demand because the replacement demand to a large extent takes care of 
itself as far as we are concerned. 
Ajay Surya: Sir, one more question on the competition. So, are we se eing things improving at the overall 
industry level or is it that we have outrun our competiti on? And if you can give more light on 
the on-ground business environment, like if any, like there  are new competition coming in last 
couple of years. So, has any player moved out or been struggling in the industry which is 
benefiting to healthy order conversion for HLE? Or is it t hat things are improving both at the 
industry level?  
Aalap Patel: So, I would say, largely speaking, things have improved overal l at an industry level. And we 
would also like to believe that our very strong focus on customer engagement, new value-added 
products, introducing Thaletec technologies for example in I ndia, and of course continuously 
improving on quality and price has helped us gain a little bit more market share over the last 
couple of quarters. It has actually fructified into a larger m arket share over the last two or three 
quarters.  
 Other than that, I think as far as number of competit ors and competitive intensity is concerned, 
largely we are still dealing with the same number of players as we have had over the last two or 
three years. We have had a couple of small guys entering t he market, but at the same time also, 
supposedly one Company going out of regular production. So, largely the competitive intensity 
has remained the same.  
Ajay Surya: And sir, one final question. In the previous commentary and guidance as well, our total 
manufacturing facility can achieve maybe a peak revenue of R s. 1,500 crore as guided by the 
management. So, are we looking at any short-term guideline for CAPEX? Or is it still… 
Nilesh Ganjwala: No, I think the Rs. 1,500 crore number was with respect to the total addressable market for the 
heat exchanger business excluding oil and gas. So, I don't think that  was an indication of the 

[page 15]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 19 
value of supplies based on our current capacity.  To answer your  question specifically, we do 
not have any large CAPEX lined up for this year.  
Ajay Surya: And sir, what can be the peak revenue potential for all the fi ve plants, like the four… 
Nilesh Ganjwala: It's very difficult to answer that question because va lue of revenue or value of turnover is 
dependent on size of equipment, material of construction. Just  to give an example, if you were 
to do an equipment in stainless steel SS 316 vis-a-vis an equipment made out of Hastelloy, which 
is an exotic alloy, the value difference could be 4x. So,  it's difficult to put a value number to it. 
To put it differently, we are currently operating on a we ighted average, I would say, at around 
75% capacity levels.  
Ajay Surya: That gives much more sense. All the very best for the future. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Vora from M&S Associat es. You may proceed.  
Sahil Vora: I had a couple of questions. Sir, firstly, I wanted to und erstand why the filtration, drying and 
other equipment are showing decline in revenue? And what measures are taken to increase their 
sales?  
Aalap Patel: Hi. I gave exactly the same answer a couple of minutes ago, but I will go at it again. See, as we 
had indicated in our last earnings call, the first two qua rters of the year was fairly subdued for 
both the F&D and GLE businesses in India. We did see a pick up in the order book during the 
last two quarters, largely during the last quarter. And as you know, our cycle time is somewhere 
in the 16-week period. So, a lot of those orders which were a ctually booked did not get 
dispatched and hence did not get booked as revenue.  
 So, while we did do quite well on the order booking for the yea r, the order booking did recover 
eventually, but it did not translate into sales or revenue. And as a result, like I said, we have a 
fairly high order book as of end of 31st  March. And so this,  the fact that we have a little over 
six months of visibility for the India F&D business, I  am fairly confident that the top line will 
recover.  
Sahil Vora: Thank you for reiterating, sir. My next question is, I don't know if this is already asked, but I 
was busy with some other things. How much revenue growth will be provided by the 
manufacturing facility at Anand? And how much CAPEX are you planning over there?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: We do not have any major CAPEX planned for any of our pla nts, including at Anand. The overall 
growth that we estimate for the business is, as I said, in the high teens, between 16% to 20%.  
Sahil Vora: That sounds good.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Veer Rajesh Vadera from Niveshaay Investment advisors. 
You may proceed.  

[page 16]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 19 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: Good evening, everyone. So, as you mentioned that Kinam has initi ated supplies of their large 
oil and gas order, so can you quantify the size of order?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: The size of the order is in excess of Rs. 65 crores, Rs. 6 0 crores, sorry.  
Veer Rajesh Vadera: How much has been recognized in Q4 or how much has been supplied t ill now?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think roughly about 25% has been supplied so far.  
Veer Rajesh Vadera: And can you guide the growth guidance for Thaletec on standalone ba sis?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think Aalap referred to it a little earlier. The g rowth for Thaletec is estimated at around 15% 
for the coming year with the EBITDA margin in the 14% to 15% range. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: And this year we sawa change in product mix and major re venue was coming from pharma side, 
like in Q3, 45% was from pharma and in Q4 66% was from there. So, can we expect this product 
mix to continue in future? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: It's difficult to say. We would actually expect the other ind ustry segments also to pick up going 
forward. With pharma remaining strong, we would hope that the  other industry segments also 
pick up so that there is a relative parity between all the sectors, between pharma and let's say the 
rest of the chemical business.  
Veer Rajesh Vadera: And margins are similar around all the segments like P harma, Chemical and other?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, broadly similar. Yes, broadly similar.  
Veer Rajesh Vadera: And my major other questions were asked, so like my questions a re over.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kshitij Jadhav from Weal th Culture. You may proceed. 
Kshitij Jadhav: So, my question is that your top 10 customers account around 35% total revenue in glass-lined 
and 44% in filtration. It was in FY ‘23. So in 2026, who are your top 10 clients? Can you name 
them?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: No, it would not be possible for us to name it on a forum li ke this. In any case, the top 10 
customers change virtually every half year. Because every half year the customers are different. 
So, while top 10 constitute a certain percentage for every period, the customers don't remain 
constant in that segment, in that numbering list.  
Kshitij Jadhav: So, in the order book of Rs. 575 crores, can you only name fro m which industry are the majority 
orders coming from?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: The primary majority is coming from pharma.  

[page 17]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 19 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Isha Murti from IM Capit al. You may proceed. 
Isha Murti: So, my question is like what operation and strategic syn ergies are anticipated from the proposed 
amalgamation with Kinam Enterprise and how will this impact the Company's product offering 
and market reach?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: I think we had spoken about this at the time of disclosing the transaction itself. This is a 
considerable increase in our breadth of product range that we supply to our customers. There is 
a very large overlap of customers which brings with it a lot of synergy in business development 
as well as in terms of enhancing our customer relationships.  
 We are already seeing a huge benefit arising when one goes to a customer with a very wide range 
of products including filtration, drying, glass-lined equipment and now heat transfer equipment. 
It definitely adds a lot of value to our overall relationships while cutting down on our overall 
business development costs. And this is really what we are hoping to achieve in the long run. 
 On the production side also, there are lots of benefits, whic h I think we had mentioned was with 
respect to, there is a lot of overlap in terms of the kind of processes that we employ for 
manufacturing these equipments as well as in some of the  vendors that we use for the various 
equipments that we manufacture. So, there is a considerab le element of synergy that we are 
witnessing as we move forward. 
Isha Murti: Also, sir, I wanted to ask you, like, what is the average sel ling price of heat transfer equipment 
as compared to other competitors of yours?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Difficult to answer that because I don't know what the competitors are selling and what they are 
selling. To be very honest, we at Kinam, we sell equipment  based on five or six different 
technologies, different platforms. There is no competitor in India which has all of these platforms 
available under any one single roof. So to that extent, what we offer is a solution, whereas most 
of our competition basically offer a singular product. So,  really what we do and what our 
competition currently does in the market is not really comparable. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Singh from SK inves tments. You may proceed.  
Sahil Singh: I had a couple of questions. So, firstly, sir, I wanted t o ask how is the integration of the 
Thaletecadvanced glass-lining technology going on for HLE? How has it been the response from 
India as well as globally, if you could help with that?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, globally, Thaletec has been a very successful player in some of the most challenging markets 
for our products like Germany, Austria, Switzerland. They have been the technology leaders for 
many, many years now. A lot of those same technologies are  now fully indigenized and also 
being offered to the customer with a very positive re sponse. And we also have a very 
encouraging order book of Thaletec range of product. 

[page 18]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 19 
Sahil Singh: And sir, like, we have done an acquisition, like, with Clea n Max Anchorage. So, how do you see 
that contributing us in the revenues and how sustainable is  it, like is it for the goal of cost 
optimizing or what was the strategy behind it?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, this is not an acquisition. This is actually more  a joint venture where our stake is going to be 
at 26%. This is for a captive renewable energy platform where our current energy, which we buy 
from the grid, will be replaced by renewable energy. So, b asically the advantage of this will be 
reflected in the form of lower energy costs going forward.  So, this is more in the nature of a 
backward integration for one of our critical cost inputs. So , that's how it's going to play out. As 
I said, we are only at 26% stake. The operating partner is the Clean Max Group, who will be 
generating and supplying the entire energy generated to us at Anand.  
Sahil Singh: Any guidance for the coming quarters? That's my last ques tion, if that could help.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: As we said, we are looking to obviously keep improving both  in terms of the product offering to 
the customers as well as in terms of the revenues and profitability to our investors.  
Sahil Singh: That's all from my end.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjay, an individual invest or. You may proceed.  
Sanjay: I just wanted to know, on March 28th and 29th approximately, the Directors had purchased about 
60,500 shares from the market. However, this intimation has n ot been submitted to the 
exchanges. If this was known, actually, investors would have welcomed this move and would 
have created more goodwill for the Company. Why as on toda y, the information has not been 
submitted? That is the first one.  
 And the second question is, this oil and gas sector, what you have entered into, that is for PSU 
or private players? Even in this space, there is a huge  opportunity. So, is the Company looking 
aggressively to expand the business in this sector?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: With respect to the acquisition of shares by the promoter family, the due intimation to the stock 
exchange has been given. So, you may please check with the intimations on the stock exchange. 
It has duly been submitted.  
Sanjay: It has not been published on both the...  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, we have made the submissions. I think for it to be made pub lic or otherwise is actually the 
stock exchange’s prerogative. But our submissions, I can assur e you, have been made duly in 
time.  
Sanjay: And what is the percentage? By how much has it gone up now? Beca use this would have….  
Nilesh Ganjwala: No, this doesn't have any percentage. It's in a few bps.  

[page 19]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 19 
Sanjay: Exactly.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: So, it's not material in that respect.  
Sanjay: Minor.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, it’s not material. No, it’s not material in that resp ect.  
Sanjay: Compared with the market scenario and the price being a t a lackluster level, this would have 
really been welcomed by the market.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: No, but as I said, it didn't have anything to do with the market, it  was just more as a...  
Sanjay: No, no, it would have been welcomed. That's what means the inv estors could have welcomed. 
Nilesh Ganjwala: Yes, so it was intended as a show of confidence from the promoter . That was the sole intent.  
Sanjay: Exactly, yes, congratulations. I most welcome this part. A nd this oil and gas side, what is the 
future? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: The oil and gas side, this is basically supplied to a very  large joint venture, which is a private-
public participation project, very large project. And this will pave the way for further orders 
because this establishes the track record, which is very critical in this industry.  
Sanjay: Are you looking to be in touch with the PSU giants in the oil sector ?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: Oh yes, of course.  
Sanjay: ONGC, HPCL, BPCL. 
Nilesh Ganjwala: Sure. Most certainly. Most certainly.  
Sanjay: Thanks for supporting.  
Moderator: Thank you. In the interest of time, that was the last question . I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Harsh Patel: Quarter 4, 2025 reflects what is possible when strategic  clarity meets disciplined execution. As 
India's process industries surge ahead, we at HLE Glascoat are well positioned to play a 
meaningful role in enabling their successes. I thank all of you for taking out time to attend this 
earning call. Have a good day.  
Aalap Patel: Thank you.  

[page 20]
 HLE Glascoat Limited 
May 23, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of HLE Glascoat Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
