
[page 1]
 
Praj Industries Limited  
Regd. Office: ‘Praj Tower’, 274 & 275/2, Bhumkar Chowk, Hinjewadi Road, Hinjewadi, Pune 411057. Ph.: +91-20-71802000 / 22941000 
f: +91-20-22941299   e: info@praj.net  w: www.praj.net                                   CIN: L27101PN1985PLC038031 
 
 
Date: 18th August, 2026 
Ref.: PIL/ANB/L-045/2026-27 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analysts’ Call held on 14th August, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed Transcript of Analysts’ Call of Praj Industries Ltd. held on 14th 
August, 2026 regarding Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) 
for the first quarter ended 30th June, 2026. 
 
This information is given pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR PRAJ INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
ANANT BAVARE 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(M. No. 21405) 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Code: PRAJIND 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G 
Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Security Code No.: 522205 
 
BSE Ltd.  
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
 

[page 2]
 Page 1 of 17 
Praj Industries Limited 
Q1 FY'27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Praj Industries Limited Q1 FY 2027 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Praj Industries Limited.  On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
conference call for the first quarter of the financial year 2026-2027. Before we begin, I would like 
to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings call 
may be forward -looking in nature. Such forward -looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements 
are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made by, and  information currently 
available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. The purpose of today's Earnings 
Conference Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental 
business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call and 
hand it over to them for their opening remarks: 
We have with us Mr. Ashish Gaikwad – Managing Director, and Mr. Sachin Raole – Joint Managing 
Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Ashish Gaikwad to begin his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
 

[page 3]
 Page 2 of 17 
Ashish Gaikwad: Good day, everyone. Welcome to Praj Industries Earnings Call for Q1 FY 2027. Trust all of you had 
the opportunity to go through our Results for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
I would like to start with my remarks on an exciting development : Earlier this week, on the 
occasion of World Biofuel Day on August 10th, Dr. Pramod Chaudhari Centre of Excellence for 
Advanced Bioeconomy was inaugurated at Savitribai Phule Pune University, or SPPU. This CoE is 
a pioneering initiative that will serve as a  hub for interdisciplinary research, innovation, 
education, and industry collaboration. The CoE  will create solutions for tomorrow's challenges 
while nurturing the talent needed to drive the bioeconomy.  
Now, coming to the business performance. While the external business environment remained 
uncertain, we have made definitive progress on a few long-term growth vectors.  
Our first -generation ethanol domestic business continued to experience a slowdown in 
greenfield projects.  Currently, inquiries for greenfield projects are only from customers in 
ethanol deficit areas of states like Tamil Nadu and Assam. We believe that this situation will 
continue till the time we see policies around higher blending mandates. While greenfield 
projects are moving slowly, we see increasing demand for our Brownfield solutions, where 
customers are prioritizing operational efficiency improvements and value -added co -products, 
such as the Distillers corn oil or DCO. There is a strong demand for greenfield ENA plants, where 
Praj has a clear technology edge. 
On the project backlog execution front, Funding-related issues persist, and they are resulting in 
extended project execution cycles. The supply -demand imbalance has also impacted the 
project's backlog conversions to revenues. I am pleased to share that we have received the order 
to set up our country's first commercial-scale demo plant for Bio-IBA or Bio-Isobutanol alcohol. 
Bio-IBA blending in diesel is anticipated to be a significant step in the nation's biofuels journey. 
Just a 2% blending mandate for Bio -IBA in diesel has a potential to create over INR 3,000 crore 
project opportunity.  
In the international market, we have received an order for setting up a greenfield grain -to-
ethanol plant in Brazil. This is a corn -to-ethanol plant. This project will be a marquee reference 
for Praj in the region. We are closely following the developments in the U.S.A. market also. U.S.A. 
has announced usage of E15, that is 15% blending in gasoline or petrol. We are also engaging 
with potential customers in Indonesia, Vietnam, Kenya, Panama, Argentina, Guatemala, Costa 
Rica, and Bolivia, where the governments are increasing the share of biofuels in their energy mix. 
This is driven by the need for energy security as well as energy costs. 
On the CBG front : To establish Compressed Bio-Gas or CBG as a major pillar of India's future 
energy mix, the union cabinet has approved GOBARdhan, the National Circular Bioenergy 
Scheme, with a total outlay of over INR 23,000 crores. Set for implementation between FY 2026-
2027 to FY 2035-2036. This transformative scheme aims to scale domestic CBG production nearly 
tenfold, mobilize large -scale private investments, and build a vibrant circular bioeconomy 

[page 4]
 Page 3 of 17 
nationwide for energy security and affordability. GOBARdhan addresses key execution challenges 
by establishing the strong, predictable foundation needed to bring India's CBG sector to national 
scale. Through assured demand, remunerative and stable pricing, capital assistance, pipeline 
infrastructure, credit support, and continuous technology development, the scheme transforms 
CBG into a bankable infrastructure asset. Ultimately, this comprehensive policy framework is 
expected to serve as an inflection point that will expedite investments. State governments such 
as Maharashtra, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Assam, have also announced policies to support the 
capacity creation for CBG projects.  With Praj's proven technology performance on multiple 
feedstocks, we are ready to leverage this opportunity.  
Our lifecycle services business is growing steadily quarter-over-quarter. Via our lifecycle services 
business, we continue to serve our large customer installed base. We provide physical and digital 
services that ensure optimal plant performance and effici ency. We also offer performance 
enhancer solutions as well as the biogenic CO2 capture solutions.  During the quarter, we 
conducted several trials for performance enhancers in Latin American region, which will help us 
expand our offerings in the region.  
On the SAF front, we have received an order to deliver detailed engineering for ethanol -to-SAF 
plant from an international customer. We had completed the basic engineering order for this 
customer in the last quarter.  This engagement is progressing well and positions Praj as a 
technology partner for alcohol-to-jet SAF projects.  
In an important development, the International Civil Aviation Organization, or ICAO, has officially 
approved the entire supply chain, production, and handling of sugarcane and sugarcane 
derivatives, as well as the production of sustainable aviation fuel us ing sugarcane to jet 
pathways. This certification helps alcohol-to-jet technology as an accepted pathway for SAF.  
Moving to our engineering businesses. 
On the Praj GenX front : Our team has secured a significant global supply agreement as 
engineering and manufacturing partner for a critical modular infrastructure for hyperscale data 
centers. This strategic framework guarantees a minimum business volume of about US dollar 50 
million over the next two and a half years, with a potential upside depending on the customer 
project schedules.  Importantly, this agreement marks a strategic diversification into a high -
growth global engineering market outside of Praj's core bioenergy business, leveraging its 
established mega manufacturing capacity at Mangaluru. The partnership enhances Praj GenX's 
global credential and will enable us to pursue similar international opportunities and develop 
hyperscale data center infrastructure into a meaningful, sustainable business vertical over the 
coming years.  
 

[page 5]
 Page 4 of 17 
For our ZLD and Praj HiPurity Systems businesses, batteries, semiconductors, and solar panel, or 
BSS segment in India is opening new opportunities. We have received our first combined contract 
for supply of ultrapure water and ZLD solutions for a semiconductor company in India. This helps 
in expanding our solutions offerings to new emerging industry segments. 
Overall, we believe efforts put in by the company over the period of last two years have started 
creating new opportunities as we move further into this financial year. We shall build on this 
momentum and deliver improved performance. 
With this, I now hand over to Sachin for his comments on the financial performance. Thank you. 
Sachin Raole: Thank you, Ashish. Good day, everyone. Let me take you through the financial highlights for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2026: 
The consolidated income from operations stood at INR 7.16 billion as compared to INR 6.4 billion 
in the quarter one of last financial year. PBT before exceptional items for the quarter stood at 
INR 210.5 million as compared to INR 96.09 million in the corresponding period of the last year. 
Profit after tax stood at INR 116.1 million as compared to INR 53.4 million in Q1 of FY26. Of the 
total revenue, 66% is from bioenergy, 22% is from engineering, and 12% is from Praj HiPurity 
Systems business. 
Export revenues accounted for 25% of quarter one FY27.  The order intake during the quarter 
was INR 10 billion, with 57% from domestic market. Of the total order intake, 62% came from 
bioenergy, 28% from engineering, and the balance 10% from Praj HiPurity Systems business. The 
order backlog as of June 30, 2026, is at INR 45.9 billion, comprising 63% of domestic orders. Cash 
in hand as on June 30, 2026, is INR 6.16 billion.  
In yesterday's AGM, shareholders have approved the payment of final dividend of 180% per 
share.  
Just to reiterate, the strategic initiatives like blending technology for diesel, building meaningful 
partnerships in Praj GenX for modularization solutions in multiple applications like data center, 
and internationalization have started showing some results. 
Wishing you all a very happy Independence Day in advance. With this, I will conclude my 
remarks. Thank you all for joining. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments, 
or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Anti Fragile Thinking. Please go ahead. 
 

[page 6]
 Page 5 of 17 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, many thanks. Gaikwad sir, I see Praj in 2 buckets, actually. So there is Sarkar Nirbhar, which 
is largely bioenergy, where growth is materially gated by policy and mandates from the 
government, various governments, not just Indian. Then there is this Atmanirbhar bucket, as I 
call it, because that includes Praj GenX, Praj HiPurity Systems, an d ZLD, where growth should 
depend much more on Praj converting capability into customer CapEx. I want to focus on the 
second bucket because this is where execution, not policy timing, should determine the 
outcome. I have 2 questions.  First, on Praj GenX. You now have a USD 50 million global supply 
agreement over the next 2 and a half years for hyperscale data centers. What does this change 
in the trajectory of Praj GenX, and how large do you think this business can become over the 
medium term? That's my first question. Thank you. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Thank you, Kapoor sir, for this question. Yes, in Praj GenX, we have the global expertise for 
providing modular solutions to construct plants and also precision fabrication that we do in this 
mega facility at Mangalore that we have. Data centers is seen as an emerging opportunity for us. 
Therefore, we have this agreement announced with EPC, who helps their end customers to 
construct the hyperscale data centers. We certainly are pivoting to this new area. We will be 
delivering our first project in th e coming days over the quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 4 of this 
year. As we deliver this and we get more and more knowledge from this segment, we expect that 
this becomes a vertical within our Praj GenX that will sustain the orders and revenue over a 
period of time. 
Sajal Kapoor: That is helpful. Second, looking across the entire Atmanirbhar bucket, what specific growth 
milestones should shareholders hold you to over the next two to three years across Praj GenX, 
Praj HiPurity Systems, and ZLD? Because if you see the historic data, FY 2023 to FY 2026, I know 
you were not with Praj for majority of that period. Praj HiPurity Systems, ZLD segments or the 
engineering segment, as we call it, has not grown more than 11%, off the top of my head. So the 
question really is, what should this portfolio look like in, let us say, FY 2028 if the strategy is 
working as intended? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. No, I think it is a good question, Kapoor sir. We have started to make sure that we grow all 
the businesses that are in our portfolio in a balanced way. As you know that the government is 
also making sure that all the industry is not spreading the polluti on. They are therefore making 
sure that the laws are implemented strictly for any emissions coming out of chemical industry. 
So that helps us in the growth of our ZLD solutions. Also, the government is coming up with new 
areas, as we mentioned, where we c an manufacture our own batteries, our own solar panels, 
and our own semiconductors. That needs a very special high purity water, which is also a part of 
Praj's portfolio. So, we do see that there are these new segments that will help us in growing our 
engineering, what you call as the Atmanirbhar segment. We will continue to leverage the growth 
in these sectors to pursue our solutions in these markets. 
Sajal Kapoor: Thank you. I will come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Thank you. 

[page 7]
 Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Anwani: First question is on the execution this quarter. I can see bioenergy at INR 474 crore seems bit on 
a lower side compared to the opening order book we had. Any challenges with respect to 
execution with any existing projects? Second, in the earlier quarters, we have been highlighting 
some challenges with respect to collections and there were issues at the client’s end. Third, 
commodity issue. If you could explain how all of these things affected the performance. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Thanks, Amit. On the question of execution, we have a mix of different types of projects in our 
backlog that we are converting into revenue. The ones where there is a slowness and an 
extended period of execution is the domestic first-generation ethanol plants, where sometimes 
there is an issue on the funding for the end customers. Or also there is an impact, as I mentioned 
in my opening remarks, where the supply demand imbalance in ethanol market has also slowed 
down some of the execution cycles . There is that impact. But then there are other projects in 
our backlog where we are able to accelerate. Overall, what you saw in Quarter 1 was the mix of 
these two situations.  On collections, the second question that you are asking, because of the 
slow conversion of some of this backlog, it also has a rubbing effect on the collection of our dues, 
et cetera. We are working on these in the coming days and quarters, and we will try to improve 
on both these aspects. 
Sachin Raole: Amit, your question related to material cost. Yes, naturally, there is some kind of an upward trend 
in the material cost. We are figuring it out, the ways and means of countering that based on 
either contractual arrangement or having some kind of advanced procurement, which we had 
done in the earlier years also. We are figuring it out, the ways and means of tackling those issues. 
Yes, because of the current geopolitical scenario, there will be some kind of pressure on the 
material cost, but we are cautious and aware about it and dealing with it. 
Amit Anwani: All right. Second question on all the new initiatives which have started, kind of you also explained 
very elaborately. One was wanted to understand the Praj GenX order, probably out of the more 
than 10 customers, this is first conversion. Can we expect mor e customers and the breakeven 
target now for Praj GenX since you have started getting the order there? Second was the 
technological partnership which you explained in the SAF. I think if we can understand the 
addressable market over 12, 18 months. And same  for the semiconductor high purity water. 
What could be the kind of CapEx or any understanding of the pipeline of these kinds of orders? 
Can it have accelerated growth in high purity? That is my last question. Thank you. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. Amit, we have just entered these segments of data centers, semiconductors, et cetera. First, 
our focus will be on a good execution, quality execution, making sure that our customers are 
satisfied. We want to establish ourselves as we pivot into these new segments. While we do that, 
we will know what is the future potential that we can lay our hands on. You will have to wait for 
some time, but we do believe that especially in data centers, we can have a fairly good 
opportunity space developing. 

[page 8]
 Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: Participants are requested to please limit yourselves to two questions only. Should you have a 
follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. Next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia 
from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: Oh, yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to get a sense of the margins that you intend 
to make on the Bio-CNG front. A ballpark sense would be useful over here as we think through 
this business scaling up over time. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Hi, Aditya. Okay, since you touched upon margins, if you look at our Quarter 1 results, I just want 
to, for the benefit of all investors, want to say that our margins were a little subdued, mainly 
because of the volumes and the mix that we have. But going forward, certainly we will be 
working on both these aspects. International mix can improve our margins, and with the Praj 
GenX orders that we talked about, our volumes can also get better. You are talking about the 
CBG margins, is that what your question is, Aditya? 
Aditya Mongia: Yes, the Compressed Bio-Gas projects. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. These are in line with the industry, because as you know, the typical market players, and 
there is a fair amount of players who have come into the CBG market. In the past, before 
GOBARdhan was announced, I think the market was, to some extent, limited. But what we hope 
is that when the market opens up with the GOBARdhan  opportunity and the scheme that is 
announced recently by the government, plus the state governments coming and providing 
benefits to the private players, we believe that both the opportunity size as well as the overall 
margin will be better. That is what we are hoping for right now. 
Aditya Mongia: Yes. The second question was again on margins. I wanted to get a sense on the reasons why gross 
margin has expanded on the standalone side. If your assessment is that the RM mix is still 
impacting you and will impact you even more, I could not understand how the gross margin 
situation on standalone is happening. Allied question, if you could give us a sense that of the two 
problems, RM as well a t site expenses, can your margins from here on start looking better, or 
will these two problems still be an overhang or an incremental overhang versus margins growth 
in the near term? 
Sachin Raole: Okay. Aditya, I will just answer this question in two parts. One is margin of this quarter versus 
margin of the last quarter, that is March quarter, and margin of this quarter and margin of the 
last corresponding period quarter. Both have different complexities and different colors. I would 
like to explain it to you in little bit detail so that everyone will get benefited. This quarter, we 
have seen 3% margin improvement only on the material cost. But at the same time, if you look 
at my other expenses have gone up by 4%. As Ashish earlier was talking about, the mix of sales 
and mix of execution within the project defines these two elements of our expenses, and that is 
how they define what happens to my projects or the revenue or the margin. That is the simpl e 
answer for March to June quarter. 

[page 9]
 Page 8 of 17 
But if you look at June quarter of last year and June quarter of this year, you will see a very 
different change in the material cost. Material cost looks to be up more by almost 10%, and other 
expenses, you will see that coming down by 7%. The material cost implication is mainly because 
of higher export sales, which we had in June 2025 as compared to June 2026. Even in June 2026, 
whatever export orders which we executed, the component was majorly from the African 
market, where the margins are not as high as compared to either Europe market or the Americas 
market. That's the reason you see this kind of a change in the cost of material. Mainly the cost 
of material and other expenses, if you look at, they generally compensate each other. This is 
mainly because of what part of the project we are executing. 
Aditya Mongia: The same part of the question was on site expenses. If you could give a sense of how much are 
they impacting margins today in the scope of execution, and how to think about it in the future? 
Sachin Raole: I will not say that they are impacting, because this is a part and parcel of the execution which is 
going on. So it is not that cost has gone up, but at the same time, the revenue component, again, 
in the revenue component, you will have majorly two components. One, the equipment related 
revenue, and another one will be site related activities revenue. And depending  on which 
revenue component is getting executed during the period, these two elements, cost of material 
or other expenses, will act accordingly. So  it will not be right to say that, no, the site expenses 
have gone up, and there is an impact of that. As I said, because material cost and site expenses 
generally compensate for each other. Over and above that, we have s aying that going forward, 
if there is an impact on the material cost movement which is happening, especially on the steel 
side, we are cognizance of that, we are aware about that, and we are trying to take the advance 
measures so that the material cost impact will not be there going forward. 
Aditya Mongia: Just a last question, if I may, then I will fall into the queue. Your standalone margins are lower 
than your implied subsidiary margins.  Is this the right way of looking it at an EBITDA level, or 
should we think about it differently at a lower level? Why I am asking this question, is there some 
subsidy that is driving very well for you? 
Sachin Raole: Okay. Maybe we will have to live with this for one more quarter at least, because the Praj GenX 
numbers will keep on changing depending on how their execution is going to happen, and that 
is the component which will show something impacting on the consolid ated number. Earlier it 
was very simple. My consolidated numbers were simply standalone number plus Praj HiPurity 
Systems number, and that is how the numbers used to get reflected. But today because of the 
Praj HiPurity Systems component, these numbers wil l show something different.  For example, 
why I am saying so, because in one quarter, if the engineering services component comes up on 
a higher side in Praj GenX, that quarter will show Praj GenX number in a different way as 
compared to other quarters of the Praj GenX. And that is how the consolidated and standalone 
numbers will look different for you. 
Aditya Mongia: Understood. I will get back on that. Thank you. 

[page 10]
 Page 9 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Asian Markets Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for giving me the opportunity. First of all, congratulations 
for good order inflow during the quarter. Sir, I have three queries. Sir, first on, clarify regarding 
our current capabilities regarding municipal solid waste for CBG, because in previous calls, we 
have highlighted that municipal solid waste was excluded from our operating, bu t this year's 
annual report is talking about that. Additionally, can you also provide some update on the 
progress of CBG joint venture with BPCL, considering the recent positive developments for CBG? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Okay. Thank you, Shailesh. On MSW, I think there are different challenges. Without getting too 
much into the technicality, the segregation of the feedstock, depending on what you can really 
put into a digester to generate gas is what is the crux of some of the challenges that everybody 
deals with. We are definitely looking at that segment. We are looking at what can be the ways 
to solve some of the current challenges. We are still in that phase where we are looking for 
tackling these challenges, and once we have good solutions, we can accelerate that part of the 
CBG market. Currently, because we are dealing with these challenges, we have said that we are 
not looking at this aggressively. But we are not ignoring it completely, if that makes sense.  
Then the second you talked about is the JV that probably was talked about in the past for CBG. 
We continue to pursue those JVs. We continue to talk about the JV. With the GOBARdhan coming 
into play, probably, we will be able to speed up some of these discu ssions. Right now, because 
they are in the play, I would not be speaking too much about it, as far as JVs are concerned. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Just to add to this, but that would kind of substantially improve the return profile and kind 
of improve the possibility of expansion, right? Over this joint venture. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes, certainly. Joint ventures is one of the ways we can grab the market as it is developing. It is 
not the only way, right? 
Shailesh Kanani: Right. 
Ashish Gaikwad: We have done many projects which are standalone, where we have also partnered with the 
customer to bring in the investments. JV, especially with the JVs that can happen with the oil 
marketing companies, et cetera, where it can give some added advantage of the final product 
getting consumed, et cetera. But it is not the only way, is what I would like to emphasize. 
Shailesh Kanani: Sure. My second question was with respect to recent Praj GenX order win in the data center 
space. Can you give us some more color in terms of scope of work, product profile, and any 
ongoing deal pipeline, in terms of numbers? Also I wanted to know how much of these INR 500 
crores order value we have kind of booked during the current quarter? 
 

[page 11]
 Page 10 of 17 
Ashish Gaikwad: Okay. As you know, Praj GenX, as the part of Praj Industries business, is into multiple types of 
offerings. To the segment which is called as the ETCA, which is the energy transition and climate 
action type of segment, where we have the green ammonia, gree n hydrogen, et cetera. We 
continue to have those capabilities. But that segment in the last couple of years has gone very 
subdued. Therefore, we had pivoted to the conventional areas of oil and gas refining, 
petrochemicals, fertilizers type of a segment. Now, with the announcement of this data centers 
agreement with a global EPC, that gives us the third sort of segment where Praj GenX can 
operate. We are actually expanding the basket and therefore increasing the scope of what we 
can offer to the different markets. We will continue to do that. That is what will give us ability to 
manage some of the headwinds that may come up in one of the segments, so that we are not 
just focused on one segment and therefore get stuck, but we can hedge our opportunities and 
therefore, continue to operate and get orders and revenues. That is how the Praj GenX strategy 
is working. 
Shailesh Kanani: Sir, any color on product- 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kanani, may we please request you to rejoin the queue, sir. Thank you. 
Next question is from the line of Udit Sehgal from PinPointx Capital. Please go ahead. 
Udit Sehgal: Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Sir, I wanted to understand, say, in a CBG plant of, say, about 10 tons or 
12 tons or even 20 tons, what would be the value of equipment that we can supply, typically? 
And what is the kind of market share we are looking at as the CBG rollout happens in India? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. Well, thank you for the question, but I think some of these details we may not have. What 
we can say is we do an end -to-end project for the customers. We have the technology, we can 
do the complete engineering, we can do the entire construction of the pl ant. We also have the 
solutions to clean up the gas and therefore inject it into an infrastructure of pipeline or taking it 
onto the cascades that can supply gas to the end user. So, the entire gamut. Also, not just the 
project execution, but we also have the capability to provide the operations and maintenance 
services and further enhancement services. So, it is a fairly comprehensive set of offerings for 
CBG that we have. You talked about market share, et cetera. I think it is difficult to say that for 
now, because there are many segments of CBG market. You have different feedstocks; you have 
different business models that we get into. It can be not a single number. 
Sachin Raole: Market is still maturing. It is in a very nascent stage. I suppose it is too early to say what is the 
market share per se. The question which you are asking from the offering point of view, 
technically, we can offer end -to-end solution in CBG. It is our ch oice then, depending on the 
customer's preference and the understanding with customer, we can pick up and deliver what is 
required for the CBG. But starting from digestion to the cleaning of biogas to delivery, we actually 
can handle end-to-end entire CBG portfolio. 
Udit Sehgal: Okay, sir. Sir, with respect to the data center offering, could you explain what exactly is the 
product or the broad contour? We want to understand what exactly is the tech. 

[page 12]
 Page 11 of 17 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. Again, without taking too much of everybody's time, what we offer is creating the 
infrastructure for server halls. These are large server halls where the server racks are kept for 
compute power. We do both the infrastructure for server racks as well as t he cooling systems 
that are required to keep the temperatures down. That is where we are starting our engagement. 
As we proceed, there will be more and more solutions in our portfolio that will help in the 
infrastructure for the hyperscale data centers. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sagar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sagar: Sir, I would like to know, for 100 KLPD isobutanol plant, what will be the CapEx excluding the cost 
of the land? And what will be the scope of Praj in that? 
Sachin Raole: Typically, a very ballpark number, not necessarily the right number, depending on the feedstock, 
a 100 KLPD ethanol plant can cost you somewhere between INR 100 crores and INR 120 crores 
kind of a number, but very ballpark number. It completely depends on what kind of a feedstock 
you are using, what kind of ultimate product you are going to go for. It depends, but that's the 
ballpark number. 
Sagar: Okay. What is the scope of Praj in that? 
Sachin Raole: Scope, technically, if you look at, we generally say our scope can be in a range of 50%-60%. As I 
was answering a question related to CBG also, it completely depends what we want to do also 
in that particular project. Generally, we do the process part or a  technology related part, 
including the critical equipment which are required for that. Depending on the necessity and 
depending on the geography, we can also undertake the activity related to installation and 
construction of a plant. 
Sagar: Okay. If we are only the process part, then around 25% and 25% for the- 
Sachin Raole: Around 30%. 
Sagar: Around 30%. I wanted to ask, in Greenfield project of Brazil, it is for how much KLPD, because 
there the plants are larger size, right? 
Sachin Raole: Sorry, for which region you said? 
Sagar: For Brazil, we had got a Greenfield plant. 
Sachin Raole: Yes. 
Sagar: Yes. So for that is for how much KLPD? 

[page 13]
 Page 12 of 17 
Sachin Raole: That completely depends on the availability of a feedstock with the customer. Yes, you are right. 
The average capacity of Greenfield plants over last couple of years has actually gone up. Earlier, 
this used to be 60, 80, 100. But now people are even talking about 200, 400 kinds of a capacity. 
Sagar: This for Brazil? 
Ashish Gaikwad: If you're asking about the Brazil part- 
Sagar: Yes 
Ashish Gaikwad: then this is almost 800 KLPD type of a capacity. It is a fairly large capacity. It is a corn to ethanol 
project that we are doing end-to-end. 
Sagar: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from ThinqWise Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Goyal: Yes. Thank you so much. Two questions, sir. One on CBG, sir. For Praj, which feedstocks are ones 
where we have achieved fair degree of success and probably have a good degree of yield from 
the projects which we have implemented in the past? If you can give us some more perspective 
on that. Second, on Praj GenX, what is the size of order from the data center, INR 500 crore piece 
that has been booked in the engineering? Because overall engineering order booking is much 
lower than the data center order. So how much it has been booked, and going forward, how will 
it kind of pan out over the quarters?  Do we expect Mangal ore facility, Praj GenX facility to 
probably break even in the current year for the full year, or we probably expect on a quarterly 
run rate basis in a particular quarter, when do you expect it to break even? What is the share of 
Praj GenX in the total engineering order book? Thank you so much. 
Ashish Gaikwad: All right. First of all, we have technologies for all kinds of feedstocks, from waste to energy. But 
successfully we have delivered in the past as the opportunities came to us on press mud, which 
is a waste from sugar mills. We have done it successfully on the rice straw, which is an agricultural 
waste, and also the Napier grass, which is where we got the opportunities to implement the CBG 
plants. So that is the answer to your first question. Second thing you talked about Praj GenX. The 
INR 500 crore order is not booked by us completely. We have taken a portion of that because 
this will happen over a period of 2 and a half years. In our order books, we will book them as we 
get the firm confirmation of the phases and the different data centers that our customer will 
construct for the end vendor, for the hyperscaler data centers. The third one that you talked 
about is the break-even for Praj GenX. So our endeavor always has been that we do the break -
even. So hopefully by end of this year, we should be able to see that break -even because our 
volume for the order book for Praj GenX is looking better now. 
 

[page 14]
 Page 13 of 17 
Manish Goyal: Sorry, sir, I will come back on the first question. We have implemented a project for press mud, 
rice straw, and Napier grass. But have they reached to a project viability level in terms of if 
someone is wanting to put a new project from the technology wha t we offer, has it become 
viable? Now with gas price been increased under GOBARdhan scheme. So just wanted to get 
that perspective, number one. The other question which was left out was on the order book in 
engineering for Praj GenX. Thank you. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Well, so each of these technologies is viable and can achieve the capacity. Sometimes, depending 
on the location of the plants and the capacity of the customers to get timely feedstock is what 
affects it. So you need to have continuous supply of quality feedstock so that your generation is 
not interrupted. So that is where some of the challenges can lie. But like I said, for all these 
technologies that we discussed and the feedstock, yes, the viability is achieved. 
Manish Goyal: Okay, sir. My last question is pending. Share of order books in engineering for Praj GenX, if it is 
possible to share. 
Sachin Raole: Within engineering, right now we are still showing engineering as a one basket. At the opportune 
time, we will talk about Praj GenX separately. 
Manish Goyal: Fair point, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ketan R. Chedda, a retail investor. Please go ahead. 
Ketan R. Chheda: Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if I look at the past decade, about 10 odd years, our 
margins have largely been in single digits for the entire year, barring for our FY 2024 and 2025, 
where we had good margins. That looks like that is how the business was structured for the past 
decade. Of course, I am sure you have made a lot of changes. We have done a lot of, what do 
you say, innovations, et cetera, and investments. Going forward, how do you see the margin 
changing? There could be one -offs, like FY 2026 probably was a one -off, I could say that. But 
structurally, where do we see the margins going forward in the next decade or so? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Okay. Yes, I think we would not like to give you any particular guidance on the margins because 
we are still working on expanding our portfolio and also changing the mix. As I mentioned to you 
earlier, that we are making sure that we have a lot of things in the bas ket of our offerings, and 
therefore that mix will help us to get better and better margins. For example, one of the ways to 
look at our mix is our domestic versus international orders. The other way of looking at our mix 
is projects versus services orders. The third way of looking at it is between the first-generation 
ethanol and some of the new biofuels that we are introducing like isobutanol, CBG, et cetera. 
As we develop this different mix in our portfolio, and when we pursue the markets, we obviously 
hope to improve the margins that you have seen historically, as you mentioned, single digit, and 
get it to a better position. That would be our response to your question. 

[page 15]
 Page 14 of 17 
Ketan R. Chheda: Yes. Just a continuation of that. I wasn't looking for any specific guidance, but I was just looking 
for some direction. Just to take an example, you mentioned about services. Now, I assume 
probably the services portion would have a larger percentage or a hig her percentage as 
compared to other segments. Now, in the current setup, because we've been operating for such 
a long time, we should have a significant base on which the services revenue should come. So  
what would it take for these things to kind of reflect in the margins in the current and the coming 
years? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Yes. So I think, Ketan, you are right. The services margins are definitely better than the project 
margins in any type of business, not just ours. As we change the mix and increase the share of 
services by leveraging our installed base, by providing more and more  services, both digital as 
well as the physical services, we hope to therefore have that impact come into the overall net 
margins for the entire business. 
Ketan R. Chheda: Okay. Any specific triggers that we should be looking for based on the different segments and 
verticals that we have, which would kind of propel the margins higher? Again, directionally I'm 
asking, not for any numbers or guidance. 
Sachin Raole: I think Ashish has elaborated what we are trying to do for the expansion of margin. Naturally, 
that's our objective, of course. But at the same time, there are so many developmental activities 
which are happening, especially we have seen the investment in Praj GenX naturally taking out 
a chunk of our margin in that case. We continuously keep on investing into R&D, which is meant 
for expanding our product portfolio and the technologies basket. So  we will not be, 
unfortunately, able to give you a specific segment, giving a specific margin kind of a scenario at 
this point of time. Only thing which we mentioned in our opening remarks, that whatever we 
are trying to do has started showing us the resul ts now. First is Praj GenX, second one is 
internationalization, third one is the new development or an alternative for ethanol as a product. 
We have not yet seen what is going to happen on the Sustainable Aviation Fuel. There are 
multiple new avenues which are opening up. All these new avenues will also may be asking for 
some kind of an investment, be it in the form of a capital investment or a  revenue investment. 
We have not yet reached to that kind of a maturity level where we can say that, "Oh, these 
businesses have reached to this stage. These are the expenses which are going to happen, and 
this is the margin which will keep on giving you quarter after quarter." It is still in a developmental 
kind of a stage, multiple things which are coming up. We believe that now going forward, they 
will start converging and starting giving us the top line and the bottom line. 
 That's what we said that based on the order book which we have booked right now, we will see 
these colors of these results coming up in the latter part of this financial year. 
Ketan R. Chheda: Sure. Thank you so much. That was helpful. Wish you all the best. Thanks. 

[page 16]
 Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. Next follow -up question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity again. One data point over here. The exports have declined 
quite meaningfully year-over-year, and the domestic numbers have, this is revenues again, have 
gone up quite appreciably year-over-year. Could you give us a sense of- 
Sachin Raole: In this quarter, no? 
Aditya Mongia: Both these points, yes. 
Sachin Raole: That's right. That's what I was mentioning, that my exports revenue in this quarter is less as 
compared to the last. That's what has taken. I mean, when you look at from the margin point of 
view, my margin looks lower in this quarter as compared to the las t quarter, corresponding 
quarter. 
Aditya Mongia: No, I'm just simply asking not on margins, but why was there a decline in exports in the first place 
is the question, and why is there such an acceleration in domestic? Could you give some more 
color over here? Yes, just on revenues, yes. 
Sachin Raole: It depends completely, Aditya, on the basis on which the entry points for my export orders have 
happened and the execution cycle for them. For example, in this quarter, we have seen a large 
chunk of export orders coming in. Execution will start happening maybe from third quarter once 
the engineering is done. That's how the numbers from the export side will start picking up on 
that export side. So, it completely depends on what is the entry point and what is the execution 
cycle for that particular order. 
Aditya Mongia: What's driving the demand on, or the growth on revenues on the domestic side, which 
segments? 
Sachin Raole: Again, from a guidance point of view, Aditya, you know that we do not give guidance. 
Aditya Mongia: Okay. Sure. The second part- 
Ashish Gaikwad: As Sachin has explained to you, Aditya, I think if you look at our mix of orders, international 
orders are about 40%-43% this quarter. That share has increased. These orders will be converting 
over the next few months and quarters into revenue. As you see in the quarter ending June, the 
share of international revenue was less, close to about 25%, 30%. That will start to move better, 
and that is what Sachin explained to you. You will start to see that percentage -In the coming 
quarters. 
 

[page 17]
 Page 16 of 17 
Aditya Mongia: My second question was more on Praj GenX. While you are not revealing your backlog share, but 
whatever the backlog is against the top line that you need to get for breakeven, how much of 
that top line can be achieved by the existing backlog? Just clarify f or us, when you are saying 
breakeven, is it at an EBITDA level, which means costs are still below, or is it at a PBT level? 
Sachin Raole: This question is specifically for Praj GenX? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Genx. 
Sachin Raole: If you look at in Praj GenX, it will not be right to start monitoring on the backlog and the new 
orders for a reason, because even the new orders are going to have a little shorter delivery cycle 
now, especially in the data center, where we are getting these new orders. There is a possibility 
that what orders which we got in the first quarter for data center for Praj GenX, we would like to 
deliver it actually before the end of this financial year itself. 
I would say it is going to be bit of little, again, complex on the basis of entry point of order and a 
delivery cycle for that. We do not have huge order carryforward for Praj GenX. As you know from 
the March engineering orders, which I have already declar ed, what is the backlog from that. I 
am not saying that it is having a huge kind of a carry forward. But the buildup which is happening 
right now is very impressive. That is what we believe from the financial, someone was asking on 
the breakeven side or on the, some kind of a level play kind of a thing happening for Praj GenX, 
which will happen in this year. That is what we believe and that is what we are working on right 
now. 
Aditya Mongia: This is an EBITDA breakeven that you are working toward, not a PBT breakeven for the end of 
this year? 
Sachin Raole: That is too specific at this point of time. To start with, you can consider EBITDA breakeven. 
Aditya Mongia: Got that. Thank you. Those are my questions, sir. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 18]
 Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhaval from Infinite. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval: Okay. I just wanted to have an update on bio -isobutanol. Where are we on that? What is the 
current stand regarding that? Also, any color on bio-bitumen and PLA shaping up in that category 
as well? 
Ashish Gaikwad: Sure, Dhaval. I do not know if you had a chance to listen to our opening remarks. As you 
mentioned, we already have, in the previous quarter, received an order to build a bio-isobutanol 
plant of commercial scale, demo plant. We are doing that right now. Th e construction will get 
done and completed by end of this year, by December of 2026. Right? Parallelly, there are 
government agencies who are testing the bio -isobutanol blended into diesel and checking the 
engine efficiency, et cetera. All of that is happening. Then you asked about the other biomaterials 
that Praj has developed, bio-bitumen and PLA. By the way, we have a technology right now for 
lactic acid, which goes into a PLA, just to make sure that we clarify that.  We are engaged with 
various discussions with our customers, prospective customers, and we are hopeful to get the 
success for these co-products, and therefore, by end of this fiscal, we hope to get some of this 
progressed. 
Dhaval: Right. But with the conversation that we are having with Ministry, do you foresee any mandate 
coming in for bio-isobutanol blending very soon, or it's going to take long? 
Ashish Gaikwad: We really don't know the timing, et cetera, right now. What we can say is science -wise and the 
viability of the technology-wise, Praj is ready. If the mandates come, we absolutely think that we 
have the right technology and the right expertise to get it done. Diesel is a big transport fuel that 
gets used in India, and we believe that biofuels getting blended into diesel is a good thing for 
national interest. 
Dhaval: Great. Right. Thank you so much. Thanks for the information. 
Ashish Gaikwad: Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to the management from Praj Industries Limited for closing comments. 
Sandip Bhadkamkar: Thank you everyone for your time today. In case you have any more questions, please feel free 
to write us at info@praj.net. We wish you a happy Independence Day in advance, and have a 
nice day. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Praj Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
