
[page 1]
Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
(Formerly known as Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited) 
Registered Office: D-12, Phase -I, IDA Jeedimetla, Hyderabad-500055 
Corporate Office: 10th Floor, PNR High Nest, Hydernagar, KPHB Colony, Hyderabad-500085 
Manufacturing Unit: Survey No. 42/A, Alinagar, Chetlapotharam Village, Gaddapotharam, 
SangaReddy-502319 
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904 Email: corporate@standardengtech.com Website: www.standardengtech.com Tel: + 040 3518 2204 
  Date: February 10, 2026  
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 SCRIP CODE: 544333 SYMBOL: SETL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025 Results Conference 
Call hosted on February 05, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, with reference to our results conference call intimation dated January 30, 2026, 
please be informed that the results conference call for quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2025 was hosted on February 05, 2026 and the transcript of the conference call is enclosed 
herewith. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For STANDARD ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY LIMITED  
(Formerly known as Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited) 
Kallam Hima Priya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: A/a 


[page 2]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAGESWARA KANDULA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
STANDARD ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 MR. RAMAKRISHNA KANDULA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – STANDARD ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY 
LIMITED 
 MR. VENKATA MOHANA RAO KATRAGADDA – 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – STANDARD ENGINEERING 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 MR. ANJANEYULU PATHURI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – STANDARD ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 


[page 3]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Monali Jain from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Monali Jain: Thank you, Steve. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Q3 and nine Month FY '26 Earnings 
Call of Standard Engineering Technology Limited. We have on the call Mr. Nageswara Kandula, 
Managing Director; Mr. Ramakrishna Kandula, Executive Director; Mr. Venkata Mohana Rao 
Katragadda, Executive Director; and Mr. Anjaneyulu Pathuri, Chief Financial Officer. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward -looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that company faces. I will 
now request Mr. Nages h to take us through the financials and business updates, subsequent to 
which we can open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nageswara Kandula: Dear shareholders, investors, analysts, partners and well-wishers, good evening  all, and thank 
you for joining us today. It is my privilege to present to you the Q3 and nine months FY '26 
performance of Standard Engineering Technology Limited, a period that marks strong financial 
execution, strategic transformation and the laying of foundation for our next phase of global 
growth. 
During Q3, we formally completed an important milestone with change of our company's name 
from Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited to Standard Engineering Technology Limited. 
Let me be very clear, this is not a departure from glass lining. It is an expansion of our identity 
to reflect what we have already become. 
Glass lining remains at the core of our DNA, and it continues to be one of our fastest -growing 
and most-profitable verticals. However, over the last few years, the company has evolved into a 
high-precision integrated engineering platform, capable of delivering complex multidisciplinary 
projects with single-point accountability from concept to commissioning. 
The new name reflects our expanded engineering capabilities, our turnkey execution strength, 
our global ambitions and our role as a long-term strategic partner, not just an equipment supplier. 
This evolution has been deliberate, disciplined and customer led.  
The initiative announced earlier have now been fully implemented during Q3. We successfully 
completed the acquisition of Scigenics  India Private Limited, significantly strengthening our 
position of bioprocess, fermentation and life science systems.  We acquired a majority stake in 
C2C Engineering Private Limited, now renamed Standard C2C Engineering Private Limited,  
beginning process mechanical, civil, HVAC, electrical instrumentation and automation 
engineering fully in-house.  

[page 4]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
With this integration, Standard Engineering Technology Limited today operates as a true end -
to-end engineering solution company, capable of executing large , complex and regulated 
projects with speed, precision and accountability.  
While our engineering platform has broadened, I want to reiterate the glass lining remains a 
major growth engine. Shell and tube glass lining heat exchangers developed with our Japanese 
partner, GL Hakko,  have been exceptional market acceptance. Our 200 units already in order 
book, 100 units successfully delivered. These products are increasingly replacing graphite and 
alloy alternatives due to superior safety, life cycle, performance and reliability. 
Conductivity glass lining reactors. One of the most exciting developments in our journey is the 
successful execution of conductivity glass lining reactors. Multiple units have already been 
manufactured, supplied and executed successfully. Customer feedback  has been extremely 
encouraging, especially from regulated pharma markets. 
From April 2027, we will officially launch conductivity glass-lined reactors in India and global 
markets. Our international partner, IPP, has expressed a strong interest in selling a majority of 
these reactors globally, which we see as a powerful validation of the technology. We firmly 
believe these products has the potential to redefine safety standards in pharmaceutical and 
chemical processing worldwide. 
The Union Budget 2026 with a nearly 10% increase in allocation to the Department of Health 
and Family Welfare created a strong structural tailwind for us. Pharmaceutical, biotechnology, 
advanced manufacturing facilities in a company like ours, deeply embed ded in precision 
engineering and turnkey execution, this translates into a long -term demand, visibility across 
greenfield and brownfield projects. 
Financial performance, strong and consistent. Coming to our financial performance, total income 
for nine months FY '26 grew by 23.6% to INR562 crores. Q3 FY '26 income increased by a 
strong 37.1% year-on-year to INR196 crores. Profitability improved in line with the growth. 
EBITDA for nine months FY '26 stood at INR102 crores. Q3 EBITDA increased to INR34 
crores. PAT grown 18.8% for nine months FY '26, and by 28.3% during Q3. These numbers 
reflect disciplined execution, improving operating leverage and the early benefits of our 
integrated engineering model. 
We enter the next financial year with a strong order book.  growing traction on turnkey 
engineering, glass lining, heat exchangers and advanced technologies. Export contributed 
already at 15% with significant headroom for growth. Robust order inflow in FY '27, strong 
export raw material, continued focus in profita ble growth, capital display and execution 
excellence. 
Behind every milestone stands our people, our engineers, technicians, partners and customers, 
whose trust and commitment fuel our progress. Standard Engineering Technology Limited today 
is not just a company. It is a platform for long -term value creation, a company built on 
engineering depth, technological leadership, and global ambition.  

[page 5]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Thank you for your continued trust and support.  With that, we will be happy to open the floor 
for questions. Thank you all. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Raman KV  with Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Raman KV: Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my first question is with respect to the margin. The 
margin has declined from 18.6% to 15.1%. And in the previous quarter also when we asked 
about the margins, you said the margins will be improving sequentially. So I just want to 
understand what was the major reason for the decrease in the margin during your quarter? Or is 
this the new normal, 15% going ahead? 
Nageswara Kandula: Margin, sir, actually, in our last call, I told margins going to increase.  We expected this 4.5 
million export is happening, but third quarter only 1 million export is happened, and next quarter, 
we are going to do 3.5 million export. That is due to the company name changed. And equipment 
is ready to dispatch. So, fourth quarter going to be slightly that whatever declared thus far is 
going to increase in fourth quarter. Due to that, slightly this has decreased our profit. Okay? Any 
further question? 
Moderator: Mr. Raman KV does that answer your question? 
Raman KV: So yes, just a follow-up on that. How much was the impact due to Labour Code? Have we taken 
any impact on the Labour Code changes? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry. Say again, please? The line is not clear. Please say again. 
Raman KV: Have we taken any financial impact due to a recent Labour Code changes? 
Nageswara Kandula: Your voice is not clear. 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Myself Anjaneyulu. One second. So the Labour C ode impact has been evaluated from the 
management side and provided in the financial results. There is no additional impact which needs 
to be considered in the financial statements. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And sir, my second question is we have acquired two entities, Scigenics and 
C2C Engineering in the previous quarter, as you mentioned. Can I know what is the current run 
rate of these businesses? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Sorry, can you please repeat? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry. Your voice is. 
Moderator: Raman sir, can you please use your handset. We are not able to hear you clearly. 
Raman KV: Can you hear me? 
Moderator: Yes, far better. Thank you. 

[page 6]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Raman KV: Yes. So I just want to understand that the two entities which we acquired, Scigenics and C2C 
Engineering firm, what's the curr ent quarterly run rate of this a nd how much do you see the 
potential to scale this business? 
Nageswara Kandula: These companies -- whatever companies we have acquired are size-wise very small. As I have 
said earlier as well, our strategy remain same. Technical and intellectual wise they are very high. 
And C2C, maybe last year or this year, they are going to touch maybe INR20 crores, INR22 
crores revenue. Next year, we are targeting to at least to double or triple their revenue. Th ose 
possibilities are there in C2C revenue.  
And Scigenics -- Standard Scigenics also -- after they came to Standard Technology under, 
maybe 25% to 30% growth is going to happen in Standard Scigenics also. So both companies 
have bright future. Total addressable market is very high. But due to some ma nagement 
constraints from their growth is not happened. Now we are pushing  things and we are 
introducing our whole customer base, domestic and globally. So bright , very bright futures are 
there at both companies. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And sir, we only -- in the previous quarter, you mentioned we have acquired 
51% stake. Are we planning to acquire the remaining 49% stake in C2C? 
Nageswara Kandula: At present, no. At present, their management will continue. They are very strong in engineering. 
They are very good people, old management and they have 20 years' experience. So they have 
very, very good contacts in the market. We are also happy to continu e with them. They 
strengthen our technical and engineering aspects. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Nageswara Kandula: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Koushik Mohan with Ashika Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: Sir, I have -- just a small understanding over here. Can you help me with -- currently also -- last 
quarter we told that there is some exports which will be delayed. Again, it got -- it was going to 
come in Q3. Now we have the reason by telling that, we have changed the name and that's the 
reason this exports is not happening. So will this be passing on or it will be in the same in line 
for the Q4? Are we going to meet our growth guidance, whatever we have suggested? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, you're exactly correct. And 4.5 million, 1 million completed in Q3. 3.5 million is almost in 
packing condition. That is going to complete in Q4. So whatever we committed, 13% export, 
that is going to be reached. That we are going to reach 100%. 
Koushik Mohan: Sir, and on the sales side we have grown on a Y-o-Y basis around - 36%, to  

[page 7]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 37%. On Q-o-Q, we've grown around 4.8%. But when we look at on the gross profit margin, we made a gross profit of 38.9 
percentage. But when we look at Q2, we made around 35.6%. There was an improvement in the 
gross profit. 
But when it was flowing down to EBITDA -- I can understand the employee cost. That is because 
of Labour Code. But also, when we see our total expenses, that has also increased as per the 
revenue. So is there any -- why -- because majority of costing is coming under other expenses.  
If possible, can you give more clear understanding on other expenses? Why is this too high in 
this quarter? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes, Koushik, I'll just give you the logic behind it. One second, sir. I'll just give you the logic 
behind this. Maybe what you observed is perfectly right. So here, there are two reasons. One is 
increase in the employee benefit expenses. We had ,we are recruiting the people at a high level 
to get into the new end-user industries as well and we are building the team to get into the new 
end user industries.  
That is one reason. And second one is the increase in other expenses, mainly due to the increase 
in the consumption of the consumable item, which will be primarily used in the projec ts. So 
because of which, these two  expenses have got increased in the current quarter and Y -o-Y as 
well. 
Koushik Mohan: Okay. So that means that -- can I understand that Q4 this will not happen and the Q4 margins 
will improve? Is my understanding right? 
Nageswara Kandula Q4 is going to complete the whatever balance exports and also growth is also good. So profit is 
going to -- increase. 
Koushik Mohan: Got it, sir. So sir, then that means that our Q4 numbers will be more better than whatever we can 
expect, because whatever has been one -time costing over here, it will be -- not be considered 
there. 
Nageswara Kandula: Mr. Koushik, last year also we announced this year we are going to grow. 20% to 25% this is 
going to grow. More than that maybe more than that.  
Koushik Mohan: That will help for us for the growth part. And  sir, one clarification only l ike recently, we have 
pledged our shares, right? Can we understand what's the reason, if it is possible? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sir, that is promoter personal purpose we already said this, that's nothing related with company. 
Company has cash in the bank and cash INR 250 crores. And even though CC also -- today we 
are using only INR40 crores in CC. This business is growing year -on-year, sorry, quarter-on-
quarter. And CC limits  also we are using at least INR40 crores.  So –company’s cash flow or 
company’s cash, everything is very strong.  
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ram Arvind with ithoughtPMS. 

[page 8]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Ram Arvind: And just a question on the shell and tube glass lined heat exchangers. So this is going to have a 
considerable amount of our top line starting from FY '27, right? So I want to know if we have -
- like what sort of order inquiries do we get, that is from which segment or service sectors do we 
get order inquiries for the high-alloy heat exchangers, not the glass line one, but the normal high 
alloy heat exchangers. That's my first question? 
Nageswara Kandula: Hello? Excuse me. Can you speak -- can you ask again question please loudly? Your voice is 
not coming properly. I am out of country. That's the reason. Please kindly... 
Ram Arvind: Yes. So apart from the glass -lined shell and tube heat exchanger, which we are going to be 
starting on full flow from FY '27, which is going to hit our top line, so I want to know what other 
heat exchangers, so which is the high alloy heat exchanger, which segment is this mainly being 
catered to? 
And that's the first part of the question. And secondly, do we have a steady order pipeline or do 
we have inquiries from the petrochemical and oil and gas sectors? That will be my first question, 
and then I'll come with the next question. 
Nageswara Kandula: See, this heat exchanger will be replaced with silicon carbide, high alloy heat exchanger and 
graphite, particularly graphite. Graphite , 80% industry is using  because of low cost, but 
previously failure and particle issues. We are providing these solutions. High alloy also lot of 
intake is there. 
Coming to silicon carbide, price is 5 times compared to this glass lining. With glass lining, life 
also very long life, at least minimum 15 years. I said 200 we booked. But we are limited. Because 
of April onwards, we are going to fulfil our capacity in Japan. Also we have expanded clients. 
And India also will be new clients completely. It's going to complete coming 4 weeks. 
So April onwards our capability is, we can produce 300 heat exchangers per month. And average 
price, we are considering INR12 lakh heat exchangers. But how many -- how much -- 
immediately 300 maybe we can't tell. Every month, we are targeting. First quarter at least 100 -
- each month 100-150 we are planning to sell. 
This is a big market. India have 2x those opportunities, shell and tube heat exchangers. Global 
also there. Global also we are -- global requirements are firstly to Europe  and U.S. market 
purpose, we are planning to start some sample equipment. And our global partner, IPP, also 
waiting about these products.  The high alloy estimated life is 4 years, 5 years. But here many 
people they don't bother about cost. But 4 years, after 5 years, this is going to fill again the 
supply. But this is going to be a permanent solution to market. 
Ram Arvind: Since already our revenues is close to 80% catering to the pharma sector, right, and even the 
glass-lined shell and tube exchangers will again -- I assume that will be going towards the 
pharma sector. So how is the like revenue diversification happening here? 
Nageswara Kandula: Pharma requires that, but I sold -- in India, the first heat exchanger I sold to SR F. Later, I sold 
to Deccan and  to Anupam Rasayan; these  all are chemical clients. Recently I received/ reviewed 

[page 9]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
CDMO players, many CDMO players , Sai Life given recently big orders . And I think single 
order we received 45 numbers We are unique, and so this product no alternate suppliers, so this 
is very big. 
But from April -- once we start in India assembly center, then we can full pick up. But equally, 
this product is required in chemical and pharma. Petrochemical less, not much. But pharma and 
chemical, and in this area it's very, very much required. 
Ram Arvind: Okay, sir. Understood. On the high alloy heat exchangers, so which sector do you mostly get 
orders from, sir? Is it from the oil and gas? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry? 
Ram Arvind: Or petrochemical? So for the high alloy heat exchanger, which sectors do we get cater on? 
Nageswara Kandula: Wherever high alloy heat exchangers are using. In oil and gas also, that place also we can replace. 
But based on application. Suppose vapor and coolant also both are corrosive, the heat exchangers 
are not suitable. Wherever one side corrosive, second side coolant is normal in India and we can 
generally use those. 
Gujarat Fertilizers also -- GSFC also we are discussing. They are facing many problems. They 
are importing heat exchangers. A lot of the discussion is going on. But we are not fully ready. 
That's the reason we are slowly launching. But God's grace, success fully we supplied 100 
numbers. All are happy. And clients are asking again when we are going to supply. 
But recently, we announced we are going to supply April onwards full. We have started order 
booking. And prices also wherever -- now earlier prices are very high from import from Japan. 
Now recently, we reduced another 20%  to  25% prices to heat exchangers. And our aim to sell 
more heat exchangers into the Indian market. And same time, our revenue growth, and same 
time, our customers are going to get benefit. This is our aim. 
Ram Arvind: Okay. Sounds good, sir. Just one last question on the C2C acquisition. So can you just help me 
to like give some light on what exactly C2C does? And how it's going to help with your 
engineering capabilities, apart from equipment sales? Like how you're going to like transition to 
a solutions provider? 
Nageswara Kandula: C2C acquisition -- actually, last 3 years back, we decided our company – from a product 
company to slowly become a solution provider. So based on that -- in-house engineering team 
is there. We are doing 3  projects ,our capability is 4 -5 projects at a time, we can handle 2 
engineering teams, an in-house engineering team. But demand from market is increasing day by 
day. 
And also suddenly we got opportunity, C2C opportunity. C2C is a 20 years old company. They 
build scratch to complete plant -- high engineering plant, D eccan, Berger, Bayer, and many, 
many companies. They build Dr. Reddy's,]. They work with many -- pharma and chemical both 
and paint industry and food  also, and even battery reprocess plants also they build. 

[page 10]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
They will give complete  concept to completion. Means they will give -- suppose anybody who 
have land, they will give full concept they will provide basic engineering , they will provide 
detail engineering. They will complete, engineering they will provide. 
And the Standard Engineering Technology is possessing 80% in -house equipment. So we are 
capable in-house equipment manufacturing and supply  from its team up to water , So this is -- 
we have now full capabilities, end -to-end. Earlier also, we have in-house engineering 
capabilities. But after C2C acquired -- C2C have high engineering technologies. So based on 
this, we are -- so complete solution provided, we have become a complete solution provider. 
This is only one company in the world.  You can look into the, you can search in web box, you 
will understand. Many engineering companies are there, many equipment manufacturers are 
there. Many equipment means independent businesses. Some company is manufacturing only 
tools. Some company is manufacturing 2-3 equipment. Some company will standard variety of 
equipment. But we are hav ing engineering capabilities, and 95 variety of equipment w hich are 
in-house manufacturing. 
It's not only manufacturing. We are supplying completely. We are taking  our responsibility. So 
customer also feel happy. So we are providing complete solution. That is purpose we are 
acquiring C2C. 
All right, sir. Yes. Thank you, sir. If there's any more questions, I'll join back in the queue. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Krishna, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishna: Good evening. Is it audible? 
Moderator: Yes. It is audible. 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, audible. Speak loudly, sir. 
Krishna: Yes. I was checking this Q3 financials. I understand there was a jump in the inventory by INR20 
crores in absolute terms. May I know the reason for the same, why there was so much jump in 
the inventory? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry, sir, your voice is low sir. Anjaneyulu, can you answer that question? I didn't understand 
that. 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: As he explained already -- hello? As he explained , so most of the export equipment’s are also 
ready, which is there in the inventory, which needs to be delivered in a month. Because of that, 
that inventory levels are high. That is one thing. 
And second one is we have acquired the Standard Scigenics as well, right? So there is some 
inventory over there, which is not in the Q3, which is in Q -- sorry, which is not there in Q2, 
which is there in Q3. These are the two reasons, primary reasons. 

[page 11]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Krishna: Okay. If we see the -- for financial year '26 -'27, '27-'28, considering the recent acquisition of 
C2C and what the extra subsidiaries we have incorporated in the US, what will be the revenue 
top line expectation for '27-'28 in the absolute terms? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Nagesh sir, can you answer ? Top line for the '27 -'28 financial year after considering the 
acquisitions of C2C and Standard Scigenics. 
Krishna: Yes. Considering that US got incorporated, the subsidiary of our Standard Engineering. 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, as per the earlier discussions also, I think we have mentioned in the earlier calls also, our 
objective is to grow our revenues at 25%. Our objective is to grow at 25% continue to grow our 
revenue targets at that same level. It may go up also,  considering all these things, but our 
objective is to grow our revenues at 25%, which is clearly evident based on the 9-month revenue 
currency, 9-month revenue versus previous year 9-month revenue as well. So, our objective is 
to grow like that. 
Krishna: Okay. One last question. What will be your revenue contribution from the US market? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry, come again? 
Krishna: What shall be your revenue from the US market?  Revenue contribution from the US market? 
You mean to say for FY 2026, '27 financial year? 
Krishna: I'm speaking for '27, '28. 
Nageswara Kandula: '27, '28. 
Krishna: '26 to '27, I mean. '27, '28, not '26 to '27. 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, '27, '28, it will go, it will increase significantly. But our long-term objective is to increase 
our export revenue significantly, considering the collaborations that we have with  Biocon and 
IPP. 
Krishna: Okay, okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Maitri Shah with Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Maitri Shah: Hello? Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, ma'am. 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: One second. Sorry. Sir, can you connect Mr. Nagesh sir once? 
Moderator: Yes, sir, he is connected with us. 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, yes, I am there, sir. I am there. 

[page 12]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Okay. Thank you. 
Maitri Shah: Yes. Can I go ahead? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes. 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Firstly, I wanted to just check in about the 2 acquisitions that we did, the Scigenics and 
the C2C Engineering. Could you speak of the current revenue per quarter of those 2 companies? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes. So your question is like what is the revenue from the Scigenics business and C2C business 
in the current financial year, right? 
Maitri Shah: Yes, correct. And not including them in our books, just on the stand -alone basis, what these 
companies are earning? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes. Based on the previous financial year, their revenues were somewhere around INR25 crores. 
And current year, it is expected to grow -- expected to touch financial year '26 somewhere around 
INR40 crores in the case of Standard C2C. And in the case of Standard Scigenics, it is going to 
touch somewhere around INR35 crores to INR40 crores in the current financial year, without 
considering the effective date of the acquisition date, I'm telling. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Okay. And we're expecting a 25% growth rate for FY '26 as well, for this year or this 
current year or fiscal year as well? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Sorry. Come again? Your voice is breaking a bit. Can you please repeat? 
Maitri Shah: Yes. So for FY '26, are we expecting a 25% growth in the revenue as well? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes, yes. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: And this is very evident from the 9 months to 9 months as well. 
Maitri Shah: Correct. And since you said that we had a delay in the export for quarter 3 and most of them are 
going to come in quarter 4, what sort of sustainable margins do you see, because now we'll see 
a year-on-year increase in the export sales as well? So what sor t of sustainable margin profile 
you see in the EBITDA level going forward from fourth quarter FY '26 and also from FY '27? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, yes, madam. It is going to -- slightly going to increase. And revenue also we are expecting 
very good growth in next --'27. Q4 also. Q4 is going to -- we're trying to complete... 
Maitri Shah: Any sort of number? You can give an update, sir? 
Nageswara Kandula: Sorry? 

[page 13]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Maitri Shah: Any number you can give on the sustainable margins we can use? 
Nageswara Kandula: Present margins slightly going to increase, madam. That I can say. Number -wise, we can't. But 
slightly we are going to increase, better position. 
Maitri Shah: And exports this year, we are targeting a 13% of our total revenue. What goal do you have in 
the next 2 years from exports? What sort of contribution do you expect from exports coming in? 
Can we reach a 25% number? Is that possible? 
Nageswara Kandula: 25% maybe next year maybe not possible. Chances are there, but not sure. But we can reach 
15% to 20% surely.  
Maitri Shah: Okay. Okay. That is great. And what differential do you have in the exports versus the domestic 
sales? So how much more margins are we earning on the export side of the business? 
Nageswara Kandula: Exports always better, ma'am. Export division is always better compared to domestic. 
Maitri Shah: Correct. But any number you can give, like what sort of differential do you have percentage -
wise? 
Maitri Shah: Okay. That is great. And what differential do you have in the exports versus the domestic sales? 
So how much more margins are we earning on the export side of the business? 
Nageswara Kandula: Exports always better, ma'am. Export division is always better compared to domestic. 
Maitri Shah: Correct. But any number you can give, like what sort of differential do you have percentage -
wise? 
Nageswara Kandula: No. We can't disclose that type of detail, okay? 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Makes sense. -- And it was mentioned in the... 
Nageswara Kandula: Tariff -- tariff was there. 
Maitri Shah: Correct. In the presentation, we have mentioned that we are going to incur INR130 crores of 
capex in the next two to three years. What sort of capex amount are we going to incur in FY '27? 
And if you could kind of explain, what are we adding to the capex, what capacities are we 
adding? 
Nageswara Kandula: Existing facilities we are already -- we started investing this year. How much this year we 
invested in capex? What is it till date? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: INR30 crores till now, current year. 
Nageswara Kandula: INR30 crores -- sorry? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Current year INR30 crores, and totally somewhere... 

[page 14]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Nageswara Kandula: Another -- fourth quarter also we are going to invest another INR20 crores. And existing 
facilities, we are improving and that improvement maybe another INR30 crores, INR4 0 crores, 
INR50 crores. Total INR200 crores gross block. Capacity we are creating INR2,000 crores. 
 And greenfield also, we are building one more project. That is in -- we got permission. And the 
first phase, we are going to build the -- some 4.5 lakh- 5 lakh square feet we are going to build 
in the first phase. And 2 lakhs, 3 lakhs square feet we are within -- we targeted '27 to complete. 
Maitri Shah: The target is to complete the rest? 
Nageswara Kandula: That capex investment maybe greenfield investment, maybe -- first year maybe -- next year 
maybe we are going to invest INR70 crores to INR100 crores, we feel we're going to invest on 
that project. 
Maitri Shah: And this will be commissioned by when? 
Nageswara Kandula: This -- one year it will take. '27 financial year, first phase may be availability to start the 
production. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. So one year for commissioning and INR70 crores to INR100 crores is the capex. Is that 
correct? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes. That is greenfield. Greenfield, I'm talking about. 
Maitri Shah: That is greenfield. Yes, that's greenfield. Okay. And close to INR30 crores to INR50 crores next 
year will be invested in the existing plant? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, yes, madam. Correct. You're absolutely right. 
Maitri Shah: So a total capex -- so a total expenditure of INR100 crores to INR150 crores on capex will 
happen in FY '27? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes. 
Maitri Shah: Okay, yes, that is it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sai Kumar, an individual investor. 
Sai Kumar: Thank you for giving me this opportunity. So , my question is on the Shell and Tube glass line 
heat exchangers. So you said from April, you are going to commence 300 units per month. So , 
like if you want to reach -- so for example, you are starting with 100 units per month. So how 
much time it is going to take for you to reach the 300 unit per  month capacity utilization? So 
what is the time frame you have in your mind? 
Nageswara Kandula: We are creating day 1, 300 heat exchangers capacity in Japan and India also same day, because 
of 80% equipment we are manufacturing in Japan and 20% -25% approximately we are 
manufacturing in India. So , both places, we are creating capacity.  Once launch, customer 

[page 15]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
acceptancy is good and we -- based on customer response only. But capacity, we are already 
going to create April month onwards 300 numbers.  
That is based on customer acceptance. Once the customer wants -- customers' orders is 300, we 
can supply. That's the reason one month -- immediately maybe we will not get the order, 300 
number. That's the reason I said 100 numbers comfortably we can book per month. That is we 
are planning. 
Sai Kumar: So initially, you are going to start 100 per month. And slowly by year -end or one year or two 
years, you will reach 300 unit per month. That is... 
Nageswara Kandula: Not one year. We have to see, as soon as possible, we want to utilize the capacity full fledge,that 
is our target. Anyhow we are producing every month 150 reactors, every month. And every 
reactor is required 2 heat exchangers. Th is purpose only, we created 300 heat exchanger 
capacity. And other competitors also every month they are producing 600 reactors, all other 
manufacturers.  
That 600 also required heat exchangers. But for this part, the others don't have. So that 
opportunity also we will get.  So this is -- that's the reason. Next year -- I hope, 100% I'm sure 
also, next year, we are going to become the largest glass lining equipment manufacturer in India. 
Earlier some people are claiming 50%, I'm the market leader, like that, not 50%.  
I'm going to tell confidently we are going to become the largest glass lining equipment 
manufacturer in India. This is not only challenge to glass lining heat exchanger. Reactors also 
without gasket we launched. There is high response from clients. And conductivity glass lining 
reactors. And recently, Laurus Labs given one big order.  
And Hetero is -- first Hetero,built one CDMO plant. They have given conductivity glass lining 
order. And big price -- very high response. Every year Sun Pharma is facing static issue and they 
have given one reactor order. We supplied successfully. Wherever we supplied -- Laurus Labs 
is to be supplied, but Hetero and Sun Pharma we supplied. They are  very happy. This product  
don't have any alternative competitor. 
 And Europe Europe and U.S. markets , as explained,our partner, IPP, going to sell. So  these all 
things if we consider, we are going to become the largest glass lining equipment manufacturer 
in India '27 financial year. 
Sai Kumar: Okay. So one more question, sir. Last year, your sales is  around INR615 crores, and this year, 
you are telling around INR750 crores, and exports will be 13% of the revenue. So my question 
is, then last year sales no exports. So, we are just growing like around -- by 5% in the domestic 
sales. So my question is like why so low growth in the domestic sales? 
Nageswara Kandula: No, not low growth. This is a manufacturing company. . We are increasing the capacities, 
manufacturing capabilities and adding manpower. This year, we are growing 25%. So next year, 
may be more, more and exciting year next year. So growing, that is export and domestic. Why 
we are more focused on export? Because of high margins. 

[page 16]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Sai Kumar: Okay. So exports you're... 
Nageswara Kandula: Not domestically. We are focusing more export, so high margin -- purpose of high margins. So 
whether that is -- domestic growth or export growth, ultimately growth is important, high 
profitability. Top line and bottom line, both are important in any business that is we consider. 
Sai Kumar: Okay. So export -- I mean, that was my question, like -- but margins are still coming down, 
because as you're telling, exports you are trying to increase. As you said, margins are high -- a 
bit high for the exports. But as you see, the margins are a bit co ming down. So can you please 
quantify what was the reason like for coming down? 
Nageswara Kandula: You know that is -- I said for Q3, we expected 4.5 million export, but we did only 1 million. 
And Q4, we are going to do 3.5 million. Margin is slightly going to increase. Next year, we are 
targeting higher EBITDA . We are targeting next year very high -- excitement here, I can say 
confidently. 
Sai Kumar: Okay. Yes. Okay, sir. And what is -- can you please just tell me what are -- what kind of orders 
you are having for shell and tube glass-lined heat exchangers? Like how much quantity you are 
-- in the previous call, you said you're completely booked. So can you please tell the numbers 
per month, how many like...? 
Nageswara Kandula: Presently, we don't have that much capacity, but completely booked means whatever Japan is 
sending to India that capacity we fully booked. Currently, we are ordering, adding -- I think 120 
numbers are in hand. So April onwards we are going to full page.Sai Kumar: Sorry. I missed 
you're -- how much orders, sir? 
Nageswara Kandula: Already in hand -- 120 numbers already in hand now. 
Sai Kumar: 120 numbers. Okay. Okay. Sir, and what is -- one last question. What is our cash flow from 
operations? 
Nageswara Kandula: Cash flow from operations. Anjaneyulu, this is how much in this call? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes. So approximately as on today, it is somewhere around INR15 crores. But  as on 31st 
December, it is INR2 crores to INR5 crores, sir, cash flow from operations. 
Sai Kumar: Okay. Going forward, we are expecting increase in -- right? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: A significant inflow we are expecting in this quarter. By March 31st, we are going to get 
significant cash inflows from the collection of the debtors and from the business as well. 
Nageswara Kandula: Already improved, sir. A lot of improvement happened compared to last quarter, cash from 
operations. This year, March 31, how much we are expecting, Anjaneyulu, approximately? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: INR50 crores to INR70 crores positive, sir, cash flow positive. 
Nageswara Kandula: INR50 crores to INR70 crores we are going to -- positive cash flow. 

[page 17]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sai Kumar: Okay. And like what is the EBITDA per CFO range? Can you please -- like what is the number, 
if you can give us? 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes. it is approximately 30% to 40%,  
Sai Kumar: Okay. Yes. Okay. Sir, can you give us some order number... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt. Sai Kumar, could you please come back in the queue.  The next question 
comes from the line of Raman KV with Sequent Investments. 
Raman KV: I just want to understand the reason for the promoter pledge. I didn't quite get why there is a 
promoter pledge? 
Nageswara Kandula: This is personal purpose, sir. This is nothing related with company. 
Raman KV: And are you planning to -- by when do you have plan to remove the promoter pledge? Is there 
any time line? 
Nageswara Kandula: Maybe next 6 months or maybe earlier also. Earlier also I have plan. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And sir, just one doubt on the order book part. What's our current order book? 
Nageswara Kandula: We have  decided not to disclose the figures order book because of I don't want to take my 
competitor advantage. And next year a chance to do better than this year, if possible. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Koushik Mohan with Ashika Group. 
Koushik Mohan: Sir, it was like -- I think someone -- previous to this question, someone had a question. Like -- 
the question was like last year sales was around INR615 crores, and this year, we are in the run 
rate of doing 25% growth. And if we assume 13% to be our overall exports, that means that this 
year's numbers will be -- on the domestic sales will be around INR625 crores. 
So last year -- sir, this year it's only INR 10 crores up. But when we see our execution in the 
ground, we feel that majority sales is coming from domestic. So how are we going to capture 
this, sir? Like how are we going to do it in the next year as well as this year? These numbers, 
how are these going to be changing? 
Nageswara Kandula: What happened, Mr. Koushik, we are focusing in the export mode, not domestic -- they are both 
important, domestic important, export. But wherever -- good opportunities are coming from 
export because of high margins. So we are focusing on that. Ultimately, company year -on-year 
growing is important, growth is important and top line and bottom line also. 
But ultimately, domestic -- we are not -- we are looking domestic this much growth, export this 
much growth. The combined growth is 25%. That we targeted, we are achieving. That's all. 
Koushik Mohan: Got it. Great, sir. And sir, last question from my end. Just can I understand by current 
acquisitions and by current run rate and the factory which is coming up on a larger scale, by this 

[page 18]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
-- considering this, next 3 to 4 years, can also we expect 25% plus growth, is my understanding, 
on the revenue side? As well as if that is 25% on the revenue, then PAT will be around 25% or 
plus, because of operating leverage that we have. Is my understanding right? 
Nageswara Kandula: No, PAT -- what is the PAT we have seen? 
Koushik Mohan: 25 percentage plus... 
Nageswara Kandula: I'm not understanding... 
Koushik Mohan: My question was, this year, we ha ve reinitiated that we'll do 25% growth. And with the same 
growth can we achieve for next 3 years also -- because I think on the ground as factory is coming 
up and everything is happening, right? So if the top line is 25% growth rate, then can we expect 
the same growth rate in the PAT, profit after tax? 
Nageswara Kandula: Yes, profit. And EBITDA also is going to increase and PAT also going to increase. And also 
next year, we are going to grow in organic growth, not inorganic growth. Organic growth only, 
we are going to more than 25%. 
our business fundamentals are very strong. That's the reason our company name also. A lot of 
people are confusing because of Standard Glass Lining glass lining is our core engine, growth 
engine, unique for us. Others don't have this type of glass lining business also. But we are strong. 
But compared to our glass lining, other divisions are growing very fast, more than fast. So that's 
the reason our company name also changed. wherever engineering opportunities we are 
grabbing. We are high-precision engineering company. And sir, our precision engineering is 
going to be our growth engine next coming years. 
Koushik Mohan: And I'm really happy that you really clearly mention that in next 6 months the pledge also will 
be removed. So we are really happy for that. 
Nageswara Kandula: Maybe I will try to do earlier. Maybe I will try to do earlier. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Agam, an Individual Investor. 
Agam: I just wanted to know the revenue contribution from glass line shell and tube? 
Nageswara Kandula: Can you speak loudly, sir? Your voice is very low. 
Agam: Yes. Am audible now? 
Moderator: Agam, can you please use your handset, please? 
Agam: Yes. And I just wanted to know that the revenue contribution from the shell and tube glass line 
heat exchanger for this quarter? 
Nageswara Kandula: This quarter? This quarter maybe some -- how much, Anjaneyulu? INR4 crores or INR5 crores? 

[page 19]
  Standard Engineering Technology Limited 
February 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Anjaneyulu Pathuri: Yes, INR5 crores, sir, approximately. 
Agam: INR 5 crores. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Nageswara Kandula: Thank you. Thank you all for joining call. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
