[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
 
November 21, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Monday, November 17, 
2025, at 3:30 p.m. (IST) for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s 
website from the below link 
Transcript - Q2FY26.pdf 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                                             
 
                                                 
Shekhar R Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F12881 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KETAN KULKARNI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ALLCARGO LOGISTICS 
LIMITED 
 MR. RAVI JAKHAR – DIRECTOR -STRATEGY AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 MR. DEEPAK PAREEK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SUYASH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star a nd then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyash Samant: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us the 
senior management team of Allcargo Logistics Limited, Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Ravi Jakhar, Director - Strategy and Group CFO; Mr. Deepak 
Pareek, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Punjabi from Investor Relations. 
 The management will be sharing operating and financial highlights for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2025, followed by a question -and-answer session. Please note, this call 
may contain some of the forward -looking statements, which are comple tely based upon the 
company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. 
 These statements are not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
 I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ravi Jakhar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this call, which is the first one after our 
composite scheme for restructuring got concluded. I would therefore like to first briefly talk 
about the highlights of the scheme and provide information about the event that just occurred. 
The international business of Allcargo Logistics got demerged into Allcargo Global effective 1st 
of November. 
 And with 12th November being the record date, the stock for Allcargo Logistics started trading, 
excluding the international supply chain business. Effective 1st of November, the businesses of 
Express and Consultative Logistics also got merged into Allcargo Logistics, thereby eliminating 
the entire holding structure. 
 And going forward, it would be reported under one single operating listed entity with no step -
down structure for this combined integrated business. However, the quarter ended 30 th 
September would still show the performance in the consol. And for the quarter ending 31 st 
December, the first month of October would still be only showing up in the consol. 
 And therefore, our recommendation would be to look at the consolidated numbers for Allcargo 
Logistics, which materially reflect the business performance. And effective 1 st of January, the 
entire quarter would have the  business captured in the stand alone numbers since the operating 
subsidiaries merged effective 1st of November. 
[[PAGE 4]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 From a shareholder perspective, the shareholders of Allcargo Gati, which was the other listed 
entity and the company  that stopped trading as of the record date, the shareholders of that 
company would receive the shares of Allcargo Logistics as per the ratio of 63 shares for every 
10 shares held, and we expect the same to be concluded very shortly. 
 The shareholders of Allcargo Logistics now continue to own the shares, and they would also get 
based on the record date, shares in Allcargo Global. At this point in time, since the process 
requires a comprehensive audit and information memorandum to be sub mitted, we expect that 
to happen within next week or 1.5 weeks, subsequent to which, subject to approvals from the 
exchanges, it may take a few more weeks for the Allcargo Global stock to get listed and start 
trading. 
 Considering the differences between this quarter and the corresponding quarter last year, the 
comparisons could therefore be a bit flawed when we try to compare the year -on-year 
performance. And therefore, it is important to understand the operating busine ss performance 
with its nuances. 
 And on today's call, we would try to provide a clearer view of the operating business 
performance. If we take out these exceptional items, we could see that the operating business 
performance has improved in the quarter gone by with revenue witnessing an increase of 10%, 
gross profit expanding and operating leverage playing out to drive a much higher percentage of 
EBITDA growth and leading to a change in PBT from negative number for the last quarter to a 
positive number this quarter. 
 We'll be happy to take your questions on both the scheme as well as on the business side. And 
before we go there, I would now hand over the line to my colleague, Ketan, who has been 
running the domestic business for us previously as the MD and CEO for Allcargo Gati. And now 
in his new avatar, he is the MD and CEO for Allcargo Logistics, which is now the domestic 
supply chain business for us. 
 So over to you, Ketan, to take us through the business highlights. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Thank you, Ravi, very much for the detailed explanation on the demerger and merger and also 
its impact on stakeholders. Good afternoon, everybody, and a very warm welcome to our Q2 
and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 Let me thank all of you for joining us today. Our financial results and earnings presentation for 
the quarter ended September 2025 have already been uploaded on the stock exchanges. I do hope 
you have had an opportunity to review the same. 
 We at Allcargo Logistics are delighted to present the company, as Ravi mentioned, in its new 
avatar. With our strategic restructuring now complete, we are well positioned to unlock 
synergies, strengthen operational efficiencies and enhance long-term value for all stakeholders, 
shareholders, customers and our employees. 
 Before I begin, I would like to share an exceptional achievement for both our Express as well as 
Consultative Logistics business. Our Express business has delivered the highest ever quarter in 
[[PAGE 5]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
the company's history, both in terms of revenue and volume and is also the only Express 
company in the top 5 to grow market share in Q2 over Q1. Our Consultative Logistics business 
has also delivered its highest ever quarter and monthly revenue. On the bac k of these 2 
achievements, we are very positive about the quarters ahead. 
 On the macroeconomic front, India remains one of the fastest-growing economies and the GDP 
growth forecast is about 6.6%. The country's strong momentum is being driven by robust 
domestic demand, sustained infrastructure investments and ongoing policy reforms that continue 
to enhance manufacturing competitiveness and also the ease of doing business. 
 Inflation has also eased within the RBI's target band and fiscal discipline is on track, all reflecting 
a stable and resilient macroeconomic environment, all working as a tailwind to the Express and 
consultative Logistics space in the country. 
 Logistics with this backdrop stands out as a vital enabler of growth. Efficiency gains in logistics 
will positively impact India's GDP annually. All this underscores the sector's pivotal role in 
driving competitiveness and long -term growth for the nation a nd the bus inesses that operate 
within it. 
 E-way bill generation under GST has touched a record high of 132 million in September 2025, 
reflecting a very strong momentum in goods movement across the country. This is a robust 21% 
year-on-year increase and a 2.2% sequential rise over August, indicatin g good economic 
traction. 
 GST collections for October which capture transactions from September stood at INR1.95 lakh 
crore, up 4.6% year -on-year. The steady rise in both E -way bill volumes and tax collections 
underscore continued strength in domestic trade, formalization of economy and healthy demand 
across key sectors. Our performance for Q2 FY 2026 reflects s teady progress both sequentially 
and year-on-year, as Ravi spoke earlier, and I highlighted the performance of the 2 businesses. 
 Volume growth supported by festive season demand was efficiently managed through our 
focused and agile execution. The ongoing cost optimization initiatives have contributed 
positively to our results. Our focus on digital transformation, agile operations, green logistics is 
integral to our growth strategy. As we move forward, I'm steadfast in our commitment to deliver 
sustainable value and strengthening Allcargo Logistics position as the preferred logistics partner 
for our customers' evolving needs. 
 With this, let me hand over to our CFO, Deepak Pareek, to give you a review over the financial 
numbers. Thank you once again for your participation on the call and your attention. Over to 
you, Deepak. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you, Ketan, and thank you, Ravi for the introduction earlier before Ketan. Good 
afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you on our Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
I would like you to go through the financial results for the quarter ended 30 th September 2025. 
But before I start, I will highlight a few insights into the profitability of the company, which has 
helped to achieve a profit positive during the current quarter and half year. 
[[PAGE 6]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 If you see the profits during the quarter have been impacted mainly by, one, amortization of 
acquired intangibles arising from the acquisition of Gati Limited by Allcargo Logistics, which 
no longer be required to be amortized as Gati Limited has now bec ome part of Allcargo 
Logistics. 
 With that, the amortization will not happen in future. That is a major impact, which we have 
disclosed in Regulation 33 notes. Another impact is onetime exceptional expenses pertaining to 
composite scheme of arrangement, which are disclosed separately, whi ch are not going to be 
impacting the PBT as we move ahead. 
 So excluding that, if you see PBT from operating activities have shown a marked improvement 
in this quarter and also this half year. So if we adjust the company has reported a reporting profit 
before tax of INR9 crores during Q2 FY '26 as compared to a loss reported during last quar ter 
and same quarter last year. 
 I would like to touch upon the consolidated financial highlights now. During Q2 FY '26, 
Allcargo Logistics handled a total volume of 3 .26 lakh metric tons of volume, which is up 6% 
on a year-on-year basis and 11% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The realization per ton came in 
at INR11,564, which is similar to same quarter last year and last quarter. The net cash stands at 
INR22 crores. 
 Moving to the consolidated revenue for the quarter, which stood at INR537 crores, which is up 
11% on a year -on-year basis and 9% on a quarter -on-quarter basis. The gross profit for the 
quarter on a consolidated basis stood at INR154 crores, which is up 3% on year-on-year and 5% 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR62 crores, 
up 27% on a year-on-year basis and 22% on quarter-on-quarter. 
 To break down, I would like to touch upon the Express business financial highlights. The 
revenue from the Express business for the quarter stood at INR377 crores as compared to 
INR355 crores during the same period last year. The EBITDA from the business for the quarter 
stood at INR17 crores as compared to INR13 crores during the same period last year. 
 Moving on to our Consultative logistics business financial highlights. The business has a 
warehouse space under management of 8.4 million square feet as on the close of September. The 
consolidated revenue from the business for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR160 crores as compared to 
INR128 crores during Q2 FY '25. The EBITDA from this business for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR46 
crores as compared to INR38 crores during Q2 FY '25. 
 As mentioned by Ketan, we have uploaded our investor presentation, which will definitely help 
you gain more insights into our business. We request you to go through them and get in touch 
with Sanjay from our Investor Relations team and for any additional query or information as and 
when required. 
 With this, I would like to open the floor for Q&A and end my discussion here. Over to you, 
Suyash. Thank you. 
[[PAGE 7]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Moderator: Thank you  very much . We will now begin with the question -and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Ravi Mehta from One Up. 
Ravi Mehta: Just a couple of questions on the demerger side. So by when should shareholders expect to get 
the Global company's shares? And by when will it get listed? 
Ravi Jakhar: So like I mentioned earlier, we expect to file the IM in the next 1.5 weeks. And subsequent to 
that, subject to the timeline for approval from the exchanges, we expect it to be in January. 
Ravi Mehta: Okay. And Gati shareholders doesn't seem to have received the swap shares or by when is that 
expected? 
Ravi Jakhar: That, like I mentioned, should happen much sooner. Deepak, do you have any update or response 
on these time lines to add... 
Deepak Pareek: Yes, Ravi. So this week, that will happen, that entire credit of new shares will happen this week. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sunder Sarangrajan, an Individual Investor. 
Sunder Sarangrajan: This question is to Ravi. So I have one clarification from the last quarter investor presentation. 
Can I go ahead? Is my voice audible? 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes, it is. 
Sunder Sarangrajan: Okay. So with respect to the demerger, right? So just wanted to understand all the revenues has 
been captured in the Allcargo Logistics domestic  arm, because in the last quarter investor 
presentation, the Allcargo consolidated is INR3,817 crores revenue. And for ECU Global, it has 
been given at INR2,956 crores. So there is a difference of INR861 crores between consolidated 
and ECU Global. 
 So when I put the Express Logistics, INR357 crores and INR135 crores for the Consultative, 
there is a difference of almost INR374 crores, even excluding the INR50 crores for the fuel 
business and other income, still there are around INR300 crores of difference is what I'm seeing. 
So will that be -- is my understanding correct? Or just I wanted to get the feedback on my 
clarification from Ravi? 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes. Let me explain that to you. So what you see as a reported number for Allcargo Logistics 
represents the domestic integrated supply chain business. The international supply chain 
business includes the business in India and outside India. What we refer to as ECU Global, that 
is the business outside India. On top of that, there is also business of international supply chain, 
which is our LCL consolidation, FCL business, which is in India. 
 So going forward, what you would see as Allcargo Global stand -alone would be the India 
business, ECU will be other than India and the combined of both would be what you would see 
as the Allcargo Global consolidated numbers. So that's the gap in your numbers. The India part 
of business, you're not factored in. 
[[PAGE 8]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Sunder Sarangrajan: Okay. So the India part will be -- you are mentioning that it is a terminal business or it will be 
added to the global? 
Ravi Jakhar: No. Terminal business is a separate business, which got demerged more than 2 years ago now. 
The domestic supply chain business, which is the Express business and Consultative Logistics, 
now part of the integrated is in Allcargo Logistics. The international supply chain, which is our 
LCL consolidation and FCL business, that would be part of Allcargo Global. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Nigam from SR Investments. 
Raj Nigam: So I just wanted to understand what is the current market scenario? And in this market situation, 
can we take some price hike? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes. I'll take the question, Ketan here. So the market scenario, I think I explained to you in the 
opening comments, the macroeconomic indicators and the microeconomic indicators are very 
positive. Our performance in the quarter gone by is also an indication of how we are positioned 
to take advantage of that market scenario. 
 Price increase with inflation, with the service quality that Allcargo Logistics is giving to the 
customers, the value that we bring to the customer, there is always an opportunity to increase 
the yield through GPI, which is a general price increase that we announce every year. 
 Last year was the first. We are not too happy with the response. But going ahead, this year, we 
are very positive of a much better GPI than the one deployed last year. I hope that answers your 
question unless you have a follow-up. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vatsal Parag Shah from Knightstone Capital 
Management. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: Yes. So can you just repeat the amortization bit, which you called out earlier, I just missed that? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes, I'll repeat. So I was talking of a bridge, which we have wanted to show on the consolidated 
financials. If you see profit before tax for the current quarter and for half year -- current half 
year, includes certain amortizations which are related to the demerger. So let's say, 1st November 
'25, the effective date of the amalgamation is happening of Gati into  Allcargo Logistics and 
others. 
 So the consolidated financials have a charge of amortization of INR12 crores in Q2 and of INR25 
crores for the first half year. This charge has been done since acquisition of Gati at Allcargo 
Logistics. We want to highlight that this charge of amortization will no longer appear, will no 
longer be required since Gati is now part of Allcargo Logistics, the business. That was one which 
I had mentioned. 
 The second part is relating to the expenses pertaining to the composite scheme, which is mainly 
the stamp duty and others, so -- on which the charge has been taken in the current Q2 FY '26, 
which is INR15 crores at consolidated level. So that impact also will not happen going ahead. 
[[PAGE 9]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
 So if you see the PBT, which is reported INR18 crores loss is in a way, effectively profit of -- 
it's effectively a profit of INR9 crores for the quarter once you add this INR15 crores and INR12 
crores for the quarter back to the working. 
 And similarly for the half yearly basis. So that augurs well from the comparative. If you see 
quarter-on-quarter, there is a profit of INR9 crores now as compared to the previous quarters of 
INR11 crores and INR7 crores. Also on a half yearly basis, similar impact -- positive impact has 
happened, and that will continue in the future. That's the information we wanted to share. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: Got it. So the depreciation run rate should be around INR50 crores, quarterly run rate? 
Deepak Pareek: Quarterly run rate depreciation, if you see from year on, should be around, yes, INR50 crores in 
that region, yes. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: Okay. Got it. And secondly, whenever the Gati shareholders are credited the shares, what will 
be the total share count post that? 
Deepak Pareek: To be read as: Total share count of Allcargo Logistics after Gati shareholders are allotted 
shares will be 149 cr shares. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 149 crores, right? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes, 149 crore shares 
Vatsal Parag Shah: Okay. Yes, just wanted to confirm that. And can we just assume that the pre-Ind AS margin for 
the contract logistics business is around 4%, right? Is that understanding correct or... 
Deepak Pareek: Sorry. Sorry, can you repeat, please? Can you repeat your question? 
Vatsal Parag Shah: The pre-Ind AS margin for the contract logistics business. So is it around the 4% mark right 
now? Or Am I missing something? 
Deepak Pareek: So pre -Ind AS, it's not 4%. It's 8%. And if you see post -Ind AS, the EBITDA margin is on 
upwards of 29% or so. Yes, so the business requires a bit of capex in terms of warehouse, which 
are under deployment by the company. So that's why there is this kind of anomaly. And that 
since we are in a growth phase, this will taper down ahead. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: Got it. And lastly, is the supply chain management business, which was reported in the Gati 
presentation included in the contract logistics part? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. So now that's part of Consultative Logistics and Express business is purely Express B2B 
and retail component of Express. You're right. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Ranjay Popli from Banyan Capital. 
Ranjay Popli: So just 1 question. I just wanted the guidance on margins. Where does the management see the 
margins going forward from here? 
[[PAGE 10]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Deepak Pareek: So as you can see, our growth journey this quarter, we have grown on the revenue front, 10%, 
11%. That's a combination of price and volume impact. The guidance which we gave earlier in 
our analyst meet in September, we stand by that guidance. That's for FY '28 and FY '30, we had 
shared and we are in that journey of growth. 
 On the EBITDA, the growth from here on, sequentially, we see a CAGR of 20% over to FY '28. 
And the gross margin, as you see, GM on a H1 level, we are at 29%. We will continue to increase 
that in a proportionate manner in order to meet the guidance, which w as provided by us to the 
investors. So 10% CAGR growth from here on the gross margin is something which we can 
confirm. 
Ranjay Popli: Got it. Just one more question. So can you shed some light on the levers that helps in the 
operating leverage? You've talked about that going forward, there will be some operating 
leverage. Just few explanation on those levers? 
Deepak Pareek: So that levers Ravi mentioned, were primarily on the Express business integration with 
Consultative logistics. So Consultative logistics, as we disclosed, the warehouse under 
management is 8.4 million square feet. And you know Express also require -- has a dependency 
on some bit of transit load storage. So, and plus the customers across both the business verticals 
are more or less kind of interlinked. 
 So a customer whom we are doing a Consultative logistics solution would be definitely keen to 
take our Express B2B solutions. So that is the synergy which we are seeing. It will gradually 
happen. It's not that day 1, but we are doing an integration approach. And I would like Ketan to 
add more flavor. I think he can give you a better perspective on this. Ketan, if you can add. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes, Deepak, maybe before Ketan, just to comment on the operating leverage side, so the 
operating leverage that we've been referring to primarily refers to the SG&A cost base remaining 
largely consistent and therefore, the expansion in revenue and growth c reating a multiplier 
impact on the EBITDA. And if you look at this quarter numbers itself, you would see that the 
revenue has expanded, but the SG&A costs have actually shrunk instead of growing. 
 And that is the operating leverage we have been referring to in our Analyst Day presentation as 
well as over the call today that the revenue would expand at a much faster pace than the SG&A 
cost, thereby creating the operating leverage. But in terms of further synergies and other growth 
levers, which is a separate thing. I'll ask Ketan to add to that. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Thank you, Ravi. I think you explained it very well. Essentially that growing the revenue at a 
much faster rate than the cost. That's a major element of operating leverage that we'll kind of 
squeeze out. Apart from that, there are areas where we will focus  with better management 
control, better monitoring of performance, identifying areas of improvement internally and when 
engaging with customers. 
 Also, the 2 businesses coming together gives us a very valuable go -to-market approach where 
customers like to interact with a single point of contact across logistics interventions. So we will 
kind of work on those to boost the sales, increase the average order value from those customers. 
And whilst doing that also manage expenses much  better, improve efficiency, etc. So all these 
[[PAGE 11]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
kind of clubbing together. And from the trend we are seeing over the last few quarters, we are 
in the right direction and especially accelerated in Q2 FY '26. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Raj Nigam from SR Investments. Raj Nigam, you line has 
been unmuted, you may proceed with your question. 
Raj Nigam: So my question is in the line of tech, what are the developments we are doing in that? 
Ketan Kulkarni: In what, please come again. 
Raj Nigam: Tech. 
Ketan Kulkarni: That's a very good question and happy to take it, unless Ravi and Deepak, you want to come in 
or should I go ahead? 
Deepak Pareek: Please take. 
Ketan Kulkarni: So tech in logistics, I believe, is very important because the shipment we move , moves 
essentially on 2 platforms. One is the physical platform where you move a shipment and people 
handle it. And the second is the digital platform for which tech is such a great enabler. So we 
are working on various tech acceleration measures across the strategic pivots. 
 The strategic pivots are essentially revenue growth, productivity enhancement, cost 
optimization. We are moving to a very cloud -native ambience in terms of deploying the tech. 
We are very, very focused on being mobile first. 
 So we are very clear that customers expect a world-class experience. So whether it is customers, 
whether it is our channel partners, it's the mobile platform that we are kind of going out with. 
And on that, we've been able to build a new booking app. We en hanced the booking app. We 
are working on the last mile delivery app, enhancing that. 
 So both the pickup and the delivery points are robustly tech -enabled. There is a very important 
middle mile in our business on the Express side. So we have introduced a control tower. We 
have introduced Hub Eye and Gate Scan. Hub Eye is when trucks come in  and out of the hub, 
how faster they can come in, how faster can the turnaround time happen, how we can improve 
unloading and loading efficiency. 
 Control tower monitors, all our trucks on the road 24/7 and intervenes for any exceptions. So on 
the Express side of the business, a lot of, a lot of intervention on tech.  Similarly, on the 
Consultative logistics side, we are revamping our WMS system, which should go live within the 
next 90 days. We currently have one. 
 So we are kind of adding a lot of more features. These features will enable us to get into verticals 
that we would like to now target. We are very, very strong in chemical logistics. We are the 
market leaders, very strong in quick and e-commerce and auto and engineering. There are other 
verticals like retail, FMCG, where we will get into, on a much accelerated pace. That's happening 
on the Consultative logistics side. Our finance ERP has been transformed with Oracle. 
[[PAGE 12]]
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 And it recently launched. So the financing systems, the accounting systems are also becoming 
more and more agile and tech interventions are making those elements much, much stronger. So 
a company that's very focused on the digital ecosystem and a tech leader in whatever it deploys 
is the way ahead. I hope I answered your question. 
Raj Nigam: Yes, that was great. So my next question is regarding the merger. So any new client addition 
post merger like with the help of cross-selling or any synergies or any specifics? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes, definitely. In fact, I would call that our micro focused growth accelerator because we saw 
the macroeconomic growth enablers that are happening in the ecosystem with Make in Ind ia, 
PLI, regulatory changes, etc. But our micro-focused growth accelerators that we have identified 
for synergy between the 2 divisions. One essentially is quick commerce and e -commerce. We 
already do last mile deliveries for a furniture multinational major on how that can be expanded. 
 Auto and engineering with faster deliveries on Express for VOR (vehicle off-road), where we 
can deploy our Air Express service, Life Sciences and Healthcare, where we can explore 
temperature control. We already do temperature control, storage and warehousing for pharma 
and life science health care majors, how that can further get into the last mile. 
 So there are various areas where we are confident of combining the synergies between the 2 
divisions and efficiently servicing a customer base of large multinational and Indian companies. 
I hope I answered your question. 
Raj Nigam: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So my last question is regarding the customer concentration. So what is the 
percentage contribution of, let's say, top 10 customers? 
Ketan Kulkarni: The percentage contribution of top 10 customers would vary in the Express logistics space and 
the Consultative logistics space. It would be much higher in Consultative logistics, about 50% 
plus, whereas in the Express it would be in the 20% range, the top 10 customers. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ketan Kulkarni for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Thank you, Suyash, so much. And thank you, everybody, for joining the call. For me, personally, 
it was very informative. There were some very good questions, and I do hope we were able to 
satisfy all the queries to the best of our intent. If there are any more questions, any more detailed 
insights that you would like to have, please direct them to Sanjay Punjabi from our investor 
team. He is also on the call. And happy once again that you all could join in, all the best for the 
coming quarter to all of us. Thank you. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Allcargo Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 