[[PAGE 1]]
09 November 2021 
BSE limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebjoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532622 
GATEW~AY 
DISTJUPAHKS LTD. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Trading Symbol: GDL 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
Ref: Communication dated 12th October 2021 and 21 st October 2021 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings conference call held on Thursday, 21 October 2021 
Dear Sir I Madam 
We enclose herewith transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 21 st October, 2021 on the 
unaudited financial results for the period ended September 30, 2021. 
Kindly take the information on record. 
FOR GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
~ 
Company Secretary 
Encl:aja 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Sector 6, Dronagiri. Taluka Uran, District Raigad. Navi M,umbai - 400 707, Maharashtra, India 
T +91 22 2724 6500 F +91 22 2724 6538 E gdlcfS@gatc:way-distriparks.com ',IV www.gareway-distriparks.com 
CIN L74899MH1994PLC164024 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Gateway Distriparks Limited Q2 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2021 
 
Disclaimer:  
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to human error 
while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PREM KISHAN GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS 
LIMITED 
MR. ISHAAN GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
MR. SAMVID GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GATEWAY RAIL FREIGHT LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN BHANUSHALI – DIRECTOR AND CEO, 
GATEWAY RAIL FREIGHT LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP SHAW – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL NAIR – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, SNOWMAN LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. A. M. SUNDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SNOWMAN LOGISTICS LIMITED 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Gateway Distri parks Limited Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' 
then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Today on 
the call we have Mr. Prem Kishan Gupta - Chairman and Managing Director , Gateway 
Distriparks Limited; Chairman and Managing Director, Gateway Rail Fright Limited; Chairman, 
Snowman Logistics Limited; Mr. Ishaan Gupta - Joint Managing Director, Gateway Distriparks 
Limited; Director, Gateway Rail Freight Limited; Director Snowman Logistics Limited. 
Mr. Samvid Gupta - Joint Managing Director, Gateway Rail Fright Limited; Director, Gateway 
Distriparks Limited; Director - Snowman Logistics Limited. Mr. Sachin Bhanushali - Director 
and CEO , Gateway Rail Freight Limite d; Mr. Sandeep Shaw - CFO, Gateway Distri parks 
Limited; CFO, Gateway Rail Freight Limited , Mr. Sunil Nair - Director and CEO , Snowman 
Logistics Limited and Mr. A. M. Sundar – CFO, Snowman Logistics Limited. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prem Kishan Gupta. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Thank you. Good evening and a warm welcome to all the participants to the Post Results 
Earnings Call of Gateway Group. We have uploaded our results, press release and presentation 
on stock exchanges as well as company website . I hope you had an opportunity to go through 
the same. We have come out with a very strong numbers continuously in Q2 when compared to  
Q1 and even Q4 of last year. Our rail business is doing well and is outperforming and with the 
hub and spoke  model at Garhi Harsaru and Viramgam, we are able to have some cost 
efficiencies. 
Currently, we are the best performing company in the industry. We had initiated corporate 
structure reorganization during the last fiscal year. It will help us bring further operating 
synergies and efficiencies for the group. The shareholders have voted in favor of the scheme of 
amalgamation and things are on track. We have filed the second motion petition with the NCLT 
for the purpose of seeking sanction of the scheme and realistically expect to get the final order 
by calendar year end. With restructuring there will be a lot of synergies on the operational side. 
In Q2 FY22 Snowman Logistics has continued to witness robust demand from two segments , 
pharmaceuticals and ecommerce. From the level of 106,000 pallets, we are now having over 
1,13,000 pallets. And over the next three years we plan to expand our pallet size to about two 
lakhs. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 3 of 20 
As for the e-commerce fulfillment centers are concerned, we have about 1,10,000 square feet of 
dedicated space for Amazon. We have three dedicated warehouses for Amazon, and we are in 
the process of making a larger warehouse for them in Mumbai and a second one in Pune. 
We have plan to add around two to three new ecommerce facilities every year. A lot of pharma 
clients have also asked us for dedicated pharma facilities.  
With this, I will now hand the floor for questions and answers session. Feel free to ask anything. 
And the entire management is there to answer your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: My first question is on the r ail business to Sachin sir . So, on the volumes, we have crossed 
80,000 TEUs kind of a mark. In the fourth quarter when we hit about say 76,000 to 77,000 TEUs, 
we got a sense that we are probably kind of at a very high level of fill factors and utilization. So 
just wanted to get a sense of what has driven this volume growth further, h ave we added any 
rakes and how do you see the outlook for this? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, Mukesh, thanks for that observation. You are right that we have been able to ramp up our 
volumetric performance quite a bit as compared to not only the comparable quarter last year, on 
a YoY basis, but also in sequential basis. Now, I will again bring back our discussion to what 
happened a couple of quarters ago , when we were discussing whether we need to add capacity 
to our train sets. 
So, the fleet continues to be of the same size – 21owned plus 10 - 31 train sets and the utilization 
has improved on account of most of the running being on dedicated freight corridor and because 
of that our ability to carry more containers per train in a month has helped us achieve higher 
volume. In spite of having reached this volume, we still have some spare capacity which is 
available because at present we are not doing full double stack in either direction. 
So, the answer is that no we are not add ing any additional capacity in terms of trai n sets, but 
utilization has improved and there is still a good amount of scope which is available for 
improving it further. We should be able to do roughly 15% more business as compared to the 
current levels  to reach a saturation level and then  we may have to think of adding capacity. We 
are mindful of that and keeping an eye on that. 
Mukesh Saraf: And has this also resulted in some market share increase or is this a general industry growth? I 
mean you usually give us the basic market shares across these NCR and other regions? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, it has resulted into increase in market share. So, if we look at the wider NCR market, it has 
grown roughly by about 18% YoY for the quarter, whereas we have been able to increase our 
volumetric share for the quarter in NCR by 55%. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 4 of 20 
The reason for this essentially is that not only have we been able to come out with new products, 
but there is a new scheme of assured transit which has been started by Indian Railways and we 
have already started delivering on this as far as better transit times are concerned. And that is 
why both the shipping lines as well as the importer -exporter community is depending more on 
rail and within that, since we have the best transit time in NCR, we are a rail operator / intermodal 
operator of choice. We have been able to ramp up our volumes on account of that. 
Mukesh Saraf: And just my last question on this is on the pricing front we have seen Concors take some hikes 
earlier on and again now they have announced another hike from October 1st. So have we also 
taken some price hikes, or I think last time you had mentioned that we have not taken as much 
price hike as them and so some volume benefits we can get. So, how is that thought process on 
pricing? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, on a competitive landscape, we have taken a price increase in Ludhiana market before others. 
And in NCR market also we have rolled out our price increase, which becomes effective during 
the month. This is a marginal price hike.  It takes care of a little bit of increase in our cost of 
operations on account of inflation, etcetera. But still we have gone ahead with the price increase 
in NCR market as well.  
Mukesh Saraf: So, about Rs. 9,200? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, it is Rs. 1000 per TEU, Rs. 2,000 for a 40 feet container. 
Mukesh Saraf: So, the basic question is, is this Rs. 9,200 of EBITDA for container, we can  look to maintain 
that at least? 
Sachin Bhanushali: That is right. We aim to maintain it above Rs. 9,000. And going forward with higher utilization 
on Dedicated Freight Corridor, we may be able to do higher volume per train and we will try to 
improve it further. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lavina from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Lavina: Sachin, just a question for you on this volume front only. Concor reported their volume for the 
quarter. I know you cannot comment on Concor's volumes. But they had seen an EXIM growth 
of single digits, which was quite a surprise. So just to understand from you that is most of 
thisvolume growth you have seen is market share again? I know you spoke about DFC, and they 
started trial runs. But I just want to understand that a little more, please? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, that is right,  Lavina. Thanks for your question. The growth is primarily on account of 
growth in Gurgaon market where we are dominant. So , that is the organic growth, which is 
taking place here, and apart from that we have been able to make significant addition to our 
portfolio by acquiring additional volume of existing customers as well as new customer s. With 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 5 of 20 
more reliable service, what happens is that the need to distribute volumes to multiple operators 
in order to de-risk logistics requirement, more or less goes away. 
And since we currently have the best delivery times both in export direction as well as an import 
direction, the dependence of our customers on our services is increasing. Also, there was some 
customer concentration as far as we are concerned that has got reduced by addition of new 
customers in our portfolio. 
Lavina: And would this volume growth, I mean with the DFC now what it is understand is f rom 8th, 
October you had trial runs. Now full commissioning will happen from Palanpur to Rewari. Are 
there any issues that are being faced or you think that more volume growth should come up in 
the coming quarters as road traffics shift to rail? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, this significant shift of road to rail will start when it gets consistently operated on the 
Palanpur to Rewari section through and through which should not be very far from now. And 
we expect that the current quarter should see regular operation on Dedicated Fr eight Corridor 
for this particular route. 
And the Pipavav Rail Cooperation also has been able to electrify their territory starting from 
Surendra Nagar to Pipavav. So electric trains now can actually run from Garhi Harsaru  to 
Pipavav with double stack and this will be the first time that such a long-distance double stack 
train would run under wire. 
This is something which is going to drive modal shift from road to rail and apart from that, I 
think the international trade in general is showing robust growth. The merchandise export as you 
are aware has gone up. For the first half almost, we have touched $200 billion mark. And going 
forward, this further is likely to intensify . So, the volume growth is expected to continue on a 
similar line. 
Lavina: And therefore, some amount of leverage can be seen for you all as well right or will you pass 
most of the benefit onto your consumer to look at it EBITDA per TEU perspective directionally 
more than absolute? 
Sachin Bhanushali: I think it should be possible for  us to concentrate our margins , improve our margins going 
forward on account of this phenomenon, but it also depends on weight mix as well as Import 
Export imbalance. So, it'll be very difficult to pinpoint in which direction we will go but I think 
there should be a good improvement in margin numbers as well. 
Lavina: And Sachin, Lastly, any impact on working capital because of all of this? I mean working capital 
should not deteriorate right - what I just want to understand is that means this will reflect in your 
cash flow from operations, volume growth, margins, leverage? 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 6 of 20 
Sachin Bhanushali: So there will definitely be an additional requirement of working capital because you are aware 
that we p ay most of our expenses (which is rail haulage charges to Indian Railways ) on an 
upfront basis, whereas our customers enjoy credit from anywhere between 15 days to 30 days. 
So, there will be a marginal increase in working capital, but that is not going to result into the 
entire cash flow arising on account of operating margin s being sucked into working capital 
requirements. So, we will have additional operating cash flow on hand. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prit from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead. 
Prit: Couple of my questions have been answered. But one last thing I want ed to understand is that 
what kind of growth are you seeing in terms of just the overall economy? And do you anticipate 
a significant larger transfer of market share from ro ad to rail once the DFC s are properly 
commissioned? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Okay, the answer to the second question is yes, we are expecting a larger share in the modal shift 
which will take place because of our locational advantage as well as our operating method . As 
far as the first is concerned, I think my guess is as good as your guess as far as the growth in the 
economy or growth in EXIM business, international business is concerned, but I think it is going 
to be very robust. 
Prit: So, the current issue with EXIM in terms of containers that is plaguing some of the flow. So, has 
that impacted you guys in some form or shape? 
Sachin Bhanushali: We need to go a little dee per into it . The shortage of containers for the purpose of exports is 
actually shortage of container s for increas e in exports. So , the actual number of exports in 
containerized form, which takes place out of CFS and ICD, has not dropped on account of non-
availability of containers. And the availability of containers over a period of time has improved 
indeed. So, I think over a period of time it will ease out and it will not continue to be a bigger 
constraint in the overall scheme of things. 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Yes, just to add, you know, post-COVID, the demand has increased both from the exporter side 
of it and imports. So , it is an imbalance, but I mean, at the same time containers are available, 
the freight rates are higher. So, it is not that anyone who wants to export or  import are hampered 
because of that. The only thing is that the freight rates have increased. The ocean freight rates 
have increased to a level where I mean, again, it comes to viability of the product being exported 
or imported. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Makharia from HDFC. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Makharia: I just wanted a sense on what are our lead distances currently and, you know, with the DFC now 
getting operational, how will the lead distances change post that? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 7 of 20 
Sachin Bhanushali: Aditya, the lead distances do not change for us, because we operate between IC D and the port. 
So, it is almost like a fixed distance that we operate on. We have generally upwards of 1 ,100 
kilometers as far as our leads are concerned. As the component of our Ahmadabad terminal 
increases, it will result into some amount of dilution of our average lead as well as per TEU 
performance if the average is taken for all the businesses put together, but we will provide you 
with additional information when it comes to that. 
Aditya Makharia: And second thing, you know, you mentioned there will be a shift from road to rail, but there is 
some roll on roll off service also which the DFC is doing where the trucks are going . T he 
containerized trucks are moving on the rail network. So, how do those dynamics really work? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Aditya, these are not containerized trucks. These are essentially high-density transportation in 
three-axle trailers, which is taking place, particularly between Gujarat and North India, involving 
mainly transportation of salt, soda ash and other bulk commodities. So , it is domestic business. 
This is a temporary arrangement. 
At present since the Dedicated Freight Corridor does not have its terminals, it is basically trying 
to provide a road bridge of what they call TOT (Trucks on Train) and the volume of actual 
activity which is taking place on Truck-on-Train model is very, very small . It is insignificant 
from the point of view of business that we do. 
And very, very insignificant from the point of view of the volume which is being done by Indian 
Railways. So, it is more like trying to attract attention as well as provide some service while the 
Dedicated Freight Corridor becomes fully operational. 
Ishaan Gupta: Just to add to that point a little bit. It is not directly comparable, you know, when you say trucks, 
which are doing RO, Roll on Roll off versus export and import containers which are coming to 
the inland, because the product is completely different. Out here it is the shipping line which is 
bringing the container up to the end and the customers clearing it in the north. And in this roll 
on roll off it is like such a thing mainly domestic but even if it is non-domestic, it is domesticized 
at the port. 
So not all cargo travels. Not everyone wants to co nvert from container to bulk when the ocean 
journey has been on container. So, it only makes sense a break of cargo which is already in bulk 
to be further transported by road. 
Aditya Makharia: And just a last question. Has the track now been electrified, or they are still running on diesel 
locos? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Pipavav route has been electrified, but the length of Dedicated Freight Corridor between Madar 
Junction, that is Ajmer up to Palanpur is yet to be commissioned on electric traction. So currently 
at present, about 95% of the operations are diesel operations under wire. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 8 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Yadav, Investeurs Consulting . Please 
go ahead. 
Sonali Yadav: Sir, my question is not, you know, related to the latest financials. I was going through the annual 
financials, and I noticed one thing that from financial year 2020, I am so sorry, this is related to 
Snowman Logistics. So, from financial year 2020 around Rs. 140 crores have been added as 
lease for, you know, land lease for building warehouses. Now, I wanted to understand that, you 
know, can you just throw some light on why land lease has been taken, how it fits in the business 
model and what are the future plans for same? 
Ishaan Gupta:                 Sundar, can you take that please? 
A. M. Sundar: See this land lease, which has been shown is a result of the new Ind-AS regulations which have 
come. Warehouses have been built on land which have been taken on long term lease of around 
20-year period and because of the introduction of Ind-AS we have to show the lease value as an 
asset and then depreciate it over the lease period. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: Sir, you commented that now, electrified trains can run between Garhi Harsaru and Pipavav. 
What about Garhi Harsaru and Mundra? Is it possible as of now or is there some bottleneck still 
on this? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Atul, I think there is not much clarity as far as electric traction on Dedicated Freight Corridor is 
concerned as of now . It will take some time for electric traction on the Dedicated Freight 
Corridor portion is concerned. The old track of Indian Railways in any case is still a diesel track. 
So currently it is continuing to operate on diesel through and through. 
Ishaan Gupta: If I can just add one point and take this chance - because this is going to be a common question, 
you know, similar question which multiple people have. Earlier it was important for us to track, 
you know, which parts of the tracks are diesel route and electric route, and it still is. But having 
said that, none of that really matters that much anymore because the train running has improved 
so much. And, like Sachin was mentioning in the NCR market our transit times are the fastest 
out of all the ICDs including any of our competition. 
So, with those transit times that we have and where we see consistency and that is the transit 
time which we see going forward. So , it does not really matter to us whether the railway uses 
diesel or electric routes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Sarda from Daiwa Capital Markets. Please 
go ahead. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 9 of 20 
Yash Sarda: My question is with respect to Snowman Logistics. If you could throw some light on the Siliguri 
and the Mumbai Port facilities which were yet to be started and whether they are started at this 
quarter and revenue has been recognized on the same? 
Ishan Gupta: Yes, Sunil, please take that? 
Sunil Nair: So Siliguri is functional now and it got functional by the end of September and now we have 
started filling it up. And in case of Mumbai ecommerce facility, it is also functional from end of 
October, and this is also fully operational now. We have migrated from a smaller  facility to a 
bigger facility for Amazon and both are functional . In case of Coimbatore, we are expecting it 
to be ready by the end of November. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: My first question is on volumes of rail . So, on a quarterly basis now we have moved to eight y 
thousand TEUs. Do you think our volume can comfortably cross  on quarterly basis 100,000 
TEUs in FY24? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Okay, so it will be very difficult to talk about FY24, which is still away . There is an FY23 in 
between. So, our aim would be to cross it in FY 23 itself. 
Ishaan Gupta: But Prateek, if I can just, you know, build on some of our earlier conversations. Right now, you 
have seen that our EBITDA margin is growing. And our internal target  is that we want to hit 
10,000 EBITDA per TEU based on whatever happens with the DFC. So , our volumes will be 
driven by that. We would rather keep profitability and margins intact or keep growing them 
slightly. Even today, if we want, we can reach 100,000 TEUs per quarter, but then we will be 
reducing our margin quite a lot. 
So, if you say on a conservative basis, keeping  our existing margins, we still assume that our 
volumes are going to grow, but by how much it is difficult to say from this point what FY24 will 
be.  
Prem Kishan Gupta:          And Prateek, we have tried to ramp up the volumes by getting some bad business and it is a bit of 
minus business. So, we have given up. And these users or, you know, customers they go for the 
lowest price in the market. 
So, by getting them, you know, for one quarter, two quarter we do not expect that they will be 
giving us the business for the following period. So, we do not want to intend to enter such kind 
of competition where I mean we lose money without getting their patronage for a long time. So, 
we will look case by case. 
Our existing customers, their volumes are growing and at the same time there are new customers 
coming in, who are willing to pay the price for our services . I mean we are not charging two 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 10 of 20 
times or three times the price - so many people value that. So , we will not do bad business for 
the sake of increasing the volumes or revenue. 
Prateek Kumar: I mean that 100,000 was just to gauge growth expectation so probably we will be growing around 
25% year-on-year this year, and 13% to 15% CAGR over next two years will take us to I mean 
that 400,000 plus number for FY24.  
Prem Kishan Gupta: Don't get me wrong, what I am saying is that we do not want to get bad business to increase our 
volumes. But slowly and gradually, I mean, people who came to us and left us and then again 
have come back and then again l eft us - slowly and gradually, we are getting those businesses 
because of our services. 
Both in terms of connectivity to the por t, the faster transit times, and all the services that we 
provide to them from online connectivity to our systems, to our ERP, where they can see on real 
time where their container lies or even the movement, and when it arrives at port, especially for 
exporters. But at the same time, importers are also equally important to keep the balance. 
And people value these things. And our volumes which have gone up , it is not only because of 
the EXIM volume grown up, but at the same time we have gained in the market share. We were 
little below 12%, a couple of quarters back. And now we are almost touching 14% . That is a 
combination of market share and the volumes that have grown up. 
Prateek Kumar: And sir, regarding realization this quarter looks slightly lower  Q-on-Q and Year-on-Year. Is it 
because of some exchange? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, the per TEU realization that you are talking about, it is normally an effect of 20 :40 and 
Import-Export split as well as weight mix split.  So, it is not necessary that it will follow a path 
of either remaining at the same level or growing. EBITDA per TEU as a percentage of revenue 
per TEU is a better guiding factor., If you compare that we are not doing badly on both YoY as 
well as QoQ. 
Prateek Kumar: Right okay. Post this electrification of the Pipavav route, they have also started some container 
rail operations themselves i.e., PRCL. I s this something significant or when we should look 
about it or? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, among the original 14 container train operators Pipavav Rail C ooperation was one of the 
operators and they had a segmental operation license for Mundra Port, Pipavav Port and Kandla 
port. It is after almost 14 years that they have started their operations basically because Pipavav 
Rail Cooperation business by itself is showing good results. 
You should not mistake them as the Pipavav Port. Pipavav Port is different entity, Pipavav Rail 
Corporation is a different entity. It is a joint venture between Indian Railways and APM 
terminals for the purpose of developing rail line between Surendra Nagar to Pipavav P ort. So, 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 11 of 20 
that is where this business is being done.  It is going to be a small busin ess. I think they have 
started only operating one train as of now to Jodhpur. 
Prateek Kumar: Okay, and just one last question on CFS business. So, their margin pressure  seems pertinent 
again like the pre-Covid times. So, this Rs. 2,500 to 2,700 per TEU expectation seems set now. 
Are we looking to get back to that number? 
Ishaan Gupta: So, it will take some time, but basically, we have not been able to pass on the fuel cost yet. The 
increase in diesel price and there has been some increase in labor costs which we are looking to 
address in a different way. And we have been focusing a bit more on volumes. So, if you look 
at our volume growth, we are higher than last year. So , that might lead to a lower revenue per 
TEU, but we are looking at the EBITDA margin and then also Punjab Conware is having its 
retendering now. We have the contract till end January. 
So, keeping that in mind also we have to see how to retain our customers best. So, it is a function 
of all of these things together. But we are still hoping to get back to that Rs. 2,700/ 2,800 figure. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: One question regarding the rail business. Now we are seeing good traction in volume for rail. So 
how is our plan to maintain market share or grow from this level with this satellite terminal? So, 
if you can highlight about the progress of this  satellite terminal? And second one - we are also 
seeing good traction on domestic side of a business where not only EXIM, but rail domestic 
numbers also look quite impressive. 
So, are there any such opportunities emerging at least on select routes or select kind of a cargo 
service, where we can also think of our domestic side of the business? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: See as far as our expansion into more satellite terminals it will be there. W e are working on it 
for more than a year or so. So, we have some locations in mind, and we are searching for the 
land parcels which can suit to the rail connectivity. 
So, that will definitely come in and that will help us in the accumulation of containers at Garhi 
Harsaru for the export direction and for the import direction again through Viramgam and Garhi 
Harsaru we can distribute that . But we will only be able to announce that once we have th ose 
land parcels ready or, you know, we are having firm plans in one particular location. 
As for your second question,  we have not done much domestic in the past and what we are 
talking about the increment in the domestic movement that is mostly break-bulk cargo of Indian 
Railways. 
So, except for one or two players amongst the container train operators, no one is doing domestic 
movement from point to point because it is a uni -directional, you know, because the cargo is 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 12 of 20 
available in one direction and on the return journey, it is not available and at the same time  if 
you look at the main corridors especially the North to West, it is well connected and it is faster 
route even after considering the DFC commissioning. 
But otherwise, if you go on the other routes of Indian Railways, whether it is towards the South 
or, mid of India to any location, the train turnaround times are so long that it is not worth 
deploying the assets out there. 
Ishaan Gupta: And just to add to that, also that we do not do bulk movement, we only do container movement. 
And within containers, the export and imports, which happens is on shipping line containers. It 
is not on domestic containers. So, for domestic movements, not only is the return journey of the 
train, which is important, but then we have to deploy our containers which go empty from one 
place to another on the return lane. 
So, to position those to have a place in multiple geographies where we can park those containers. 
Those are all additional costs. So, while on a single trip basis, if you think it makes sense. As an 
overall domestic business do not make money in containers. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: And in terms of turnaround time , we are obviously seeing that is coming down. But if you can 
give us what are the average turnaround time for Q2 in terms of hours, and how much we can 
bring it down because I guess we run express freight trains with almost 23 hours. So, what is the 
current average turnaround time and going forward how much scope is there to improve it? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, in export direction  we have been able to maintain a 27-hour average as compared to once 
upon a time exactly 72 hours used to be our average time . In import direction it is still slightly 
on the higher side. So, we are roughly doing about 33 hours in the import direction. Going 
forward once the entire Dedicated Freight Corridor is fully operational, it should be possible to 
do both the import as well as export services within 24 hours. 
And overall circuit time should come down to a level of about four days for one round trip. So , 
it should be possible for us to do roughly 7.5 round trips as compared to 6 round trips that we do 
currently. 
Ishaan Gupta: And the location of our terminals in NCR is such that we will always maintain our lead over 
competition in transit time. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: And last question regarding Snowman. We have seen strong growth in transportation side of our 
business, obviously because of a very low base last year and we are seeing recovery. But if you 
can highlight what could be the mix between warehousing and transporta tion going ahead and 
are we still seeing lot of recoveries expected in transportation business to just bring to that level 
or how we should look at that transportation growth and how we are seeing growth and mix 
between these two businesses? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 13 of 20 
 
Sunil Nair: So, see basically, the transportation has done better for two reasons. One, yes, last year, the Q1 
there was lockdown nationally. Whereas this time the lockdown was not national, city based. So 
that is one reason, but the major reason is that we have  implemented tech-based consolidation 
and aggregation of these small transporters and their capacities. And that has helped us 
accumulate close to 150 trucks worth of capacities every month. 
And we are using these for our end-to-end customers and making these small transporters part 
of the larger end -to-end game. And this has helped us a lot and we have seen that the growth 
against last year first half to this year first half has been close to 40%. Around 20% of this has 
come from this aggregation technolog y that we have implemented . As far as the ratio is 
concerned as of now it is 65% warehousing and 35% to 40% transportation. 
We expect that while both the numbers will continue to grow with the addition of capacities  - 
that transportation may grow larger basically because of the tech that we have implemented. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: And what kind of ROCE from this business we are targeting say two to three year s down the 
line? Because historically we have seen a pressure on ROCE, but now after seeing good recovery 
and revival, what would be the target ROC for the coal chain business? 
Sunil Nair: See all new capacities that we are adding are somewhere around 17% - 18% ROCE that we are 
expecting from the new additions, and it is very difficult to quantify what will be the mix of it, 
but I can just tell you that we add new additions are at 18% ROCE. 
Ishaan Gupta: In fact, there are some expansion s which we are planning which we will be announcing in due 
course where the capital deployment will not be so much because we will be either using a model 
where someone is building the facility for us and leasing to us or we will be building dedicated 
warehouses for specific products m ainly in the pharmaceutical and e -commerce segments but 
possibly some other segments where the CAPEX requirement is lower because the requirements 
are tailored for one specific product. 
So, over time we are targeting, like Sunil was saying the new projects are at around 18% ROCE. 
But when you add in Snow-link can you add in these BTS, and lease projects, ROCE will be 
upwards of 21% or something like that. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhil Hazari from RoboCapital . Please go 
ahead. 
Akhil Hazari: I just wanted to know is there any revenue guidance that you could give us for FY22 and going 
forward what would be the growth rate of the revenue? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: See, we cannot make any forward-looking statements, but I can just say that we are planning 
new locations and terminals and the volumes will grow from here, from what we see in the last 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 14 of 20 
two quarters and even today, when we are talking in October it continues to grow. The volumes 
are still coming. 
So, once COVID related things are over , because so far, some industries are closed , some are 
open and they open at different times. it appears that there will be a lot of exports from India . 
Imports are also on the rise and for us to have a balance of import and export is absolutely 
necessary. 
And we go by the growth of the EXIM volume, as well as gaining market share, and from the 
new locations that we will have . B eyond this, I cannot predict, you know, what we be the 
revenues or what will be our throughput. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund . Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Ghosh: Sir, just couple of questions. In terms of the interest cost for the quarter while you have reduced 
the overall net debt but the interest cost has marginally inched up. So , is there anything to read 
by or will it get normalized going forward? How should one look at it? 
Sandeep Shaw: There is some utilization of the working capital and we have taken some new CAPEX loan for 
trailers and warehouse for Gateway Rail business. That is why there is some marginal increase 
there.  
However, absolutely our overall debt has come down from Q1 Rs. 470 crores to Rs. 440 crores 
net debt as of 30th September. As on date it is approximately Rs. 425 crores. 
Ishaan Gupta: I think you are aware that we will be reducing our interest cost in due course, because NCDs 
which we have which are very high cost . We will have a coupon reset option with the NCD 
holders which will be coming up in by March. 
So, we have been negotiating with them and our interest costs will go down further.  
Ishaan Gupta: The next financial year , our interest cost will also go down , our net debt will also go down 
because next payment is by end of March , first week of April. So, we still have those Rs. 55 
crores ready that we have to pay . So, the net NCD will be Rs. 225 crores where I mean the 
existing NCD holders have shown interest in, resetting the interest rate. So, our interest outgo 
will also be less - considering both that the Rs. 55 crores repayment will be there, and the interest 
rate will also be less. 
Abhishek Ghosh:  Okay. There is a major impact of the lower yields will be in FY23? 
Ishaan Gupta: That's right. Yes. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 15 of 20 
Abhishek Ghosh: The other thing is in terms of now that the DFC has now got commissioned ,.Sachin sir did 
mention about that 33 hours and 27 hours. But from Garhi Harsaru to Mundra or Pipavav Port 
just as a benchmark what was the earlier transit time to now post  the commissioning? What is 
the change in that if you can just help with respect to Garhi Harsaru to Mundra or Pipavav any 
of these? 
Ishaan Gupta: So Garhi Harsaru to Mundra on average was 72 hours. And the most fastest transit time, which 
when this scheme was announced was 22.5 hours and now, we are averaging 27 hours. 
Abhishek Ghosh: Okay. But beyond Palanpur are there issues to Mundra in terms of doubletrack , is that a 
hindrance and can it further come down, when that issue gets resolved? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So, the way it works is that the existing situation between Palanpur to Mundra Port continues to 
be what it was before . But because the single line section on which there used to be quite a bit 
of congestion as well as priority being given to passenger services, the transit time used to be 
highest up to Palanpur because up to Palanpur all passenger trains, all freight trains to Pipavav 
all freight trains going to Nhava Sheva, all freight trains going to Mundra Port would compete 
for path. So there the de-congestion has already taken place. 
Obviously, once the doubling between Palanpur to Mundra port also takes place it will h elp 
further but it is not a great obstacle. The overall transit times will only improve once the double 
track on Palanpur to Gandhidham will be available . Gandhidham to Mundra Port in case is 
double line already. 
Prem Kishan Gupta: And the full electrification of the route will also help . Right now, I mean, some portion is on 
electrical route and then diesel. So, for the change of power the locomotive takes some time. 
So, once the lines are double d between Palanpur and the ports and it is fully e lectrified then it 
will be a non-stop journey for a freight train except for the technical stops. So, less than 24 hours 
is very much achievable in the coming time, say one, one-and-a-half years from now. 
Abhishek Ghosh: So, just to call it out major parts of the relief has been done away with in terms of the Palanpur 
section. Incrementally maybe residual 20%- 25% of the relief will come through whenever the 
double tracks up to Gandhidham gets done? 
Sachin Bhanushali : Yes, that is correct .  About 75% relief is already available, we expect another 25% to come 
through. 
Prem Kishan Gupta: And in addition, whenever a new rolling stock comes, the wagons which are still under trials or 
oscillation trials - 90 tons, 25 tons axle rolling stock when it comes, then the speed of the train 
will also be 100 kilometers per hour. So, I mean the ports  are at 1,200 kilometers, 1,250 
kilometers. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 16 of 20 
So, I mean going forward, say in 12 or 18 months, we should be talking about less than 20 hours 
of transit time on one way journey from North to to the western ports and Nhava Sheva however 
will take some time but even then, we have the advantage of Viramgam. And I think we are the 
only ones which are running services to Nhava Sheva port through Viramgam. 
And again, imports from Nhava Sheva to North via Viramgam where we get the containers from 
Mundra and Pipavav also. So, we are able to do regular service to all the three ports because of 
hub and spoke that we have between Garhi Harsaru and Viramgam. 
Abhishek Ghosh: Sir, the other thing is if you look at your rail volumes for the quarter and we compare it with the 
tonnage volumes what the Indian Railways kind of gives out , you see there is a marked 
improvement. So, is there just a market share gain from the oth er rail operators or it is also the 
road to rail shift that you have witnessed in the current quarter? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Abhishek, the tonnage numbers which are given by Railways are approximated numbers. So , 
they just follow a principle of multiplying th e number of TEU by tonnage, whereas import and 
export have a varying tonnage as far as our business is concerned. 
But to answer your question, yes, we have been able to claw in more market share, particularly 
in NCR on account of both reliable service that now we are providing as well as our 
intensification of dedicated services for most of the shipping lines . We are the leaders as far as 
the number of dedicated services which are being operated by any private operator currently. 
Abhishek Ghosh: And sir, is this also taking market share from other ICDs or is it road also that you are seeing 
now? Or is it still to kind of get demonstrated because the DFC now has got completely 
commissioned only in 8th October? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Both I would say,  from the increased volumes that we have in the EXIM business and at the 
same time market share. 
Abhishek Ghosh: Okay. And sir, just one last question from my side. We have also hearing price hikes being taken 
by the industry. Is it also something that you all are initiating in terms of the railway part of the 
business? 
Sachin Bhanushali : In answering one of our earlier question, I had mentioned it. So, we have taken a price increase 
both in our NCR market as well as in Ludhiana market of a similar magnitude. 
Abhishek Ghosh: Sorry I joined in late. So sorry for that. But is it more to course correct the Import Export 
imbalance? 
Sachin Bhanushali: It is both on account of marginal increase in our unit cost of -transportation, as well as on account 
of increase in other cost, particularly the fixed costs due to inflation. So, the idea is basically to 
take care of additional costs rather than generate additional revenue out of it. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 17 of 20 
Abhishek Ghosh: So, this will help you maintain the unit EBITDA per TEU, and not really increase it? Is that the 
way to look at? 
Sachin Bhanushali: That is right, Abhishek. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: A couple of questions related to Snowman. You in the remarks in the opening remarks also you 
said you are setting up some operations in new locations . Can you help us that what are these 
places? And what kind of pallets additions are you looking at? 
Ishaan Gupta: Rohit, it is too early right now for us to say that until you know we make a formal announcement, 
but I can just share that what we are planning is a twofold thing. One is that in some of our 
existing locations, the demand is very high. We are already running more than 100% utilization 
if you include, the minimum guarantees and the excess spaces that we can utilize. So, we want 
to expand there and in some new locations where our existing customers are driving us because 
they have demand out there. So, the pharma is also included in that, like we were saying earlier 
e-commerce, but there are also our regular customers from the food segment. So, we let you 
know the location shortly but apart from our existing locations, it will be more like tier 2 cities 
where the demand growth is higher than in the metros right now. 
Rohit Ohri: And in terms of Coimbatore how many pallets will you be adding? 
Sunil Nair: 4,200 pallets will be added. 
Ishaan Gupta: Which will be operational in this current quarter. 
Rohit Ohri: Okay, so there were some talks that we were looking for some QIP proceeds of around Rs. 200-
300 crores or so and then we intended to invest around Rs. 425 crores in a period of three to four 
years. So, can you take us through, is that the right time that you should be talking about the QIP 
process now? 
Ishaan Gupta: So that Rs. 425 crores plan which we had still exists where over the next three years or so we 
want to take us to 200,000 pallets capacity plus whatever additional e -commerce dedicated 
warehouse which we do - which currently is at 100,000 square feet and we feel that we will be 
adding maybe two or three locations every year. 
Out of that Rs. 425 crores, the QIP was part of it and internal accruals and debt was another part. 
Now it so happened that in the current year our cash flows improved substantially. And at the 
same time , like this project at Siliguri where we  have started, Coimbatore which is under 
construction and the next ones we are planning  - so those will be doing first f rom our internet 
accruals and from some project loans which are available at very attractive rates right now and 
then at a later phase we will be resuming our QIP. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 18 of 20 
Rohit Ohri: Okay. In terms of the pallet additions in Haryana, I am not mentioning the name and other two 
places in Maharashtra, by when do you think that these pallet additions will come? 
Ishaan Gupta: You mean our existing projects which we are doing? 
Rohit Ohri: No, the ones which will come up in future? 
Ishaan Gupta: So, the next ones, which we are planning in our next phase  again, we will be making that 
announcement in some time. But typically, it takes, two to three quarters for construction to take 
place and currently we are in the phase of shortlisting the land. 
Rohit Ohri: Okay, so by when can we expect Palwal to come onstream? 
Ishaan Gupta: We already have a facility in Palwal. We have our existing Ballabhgarh facility, which is next 
to Palwal. And we also have our Gateway ICD out there. B ut we do not have any plans for a 
new cold storage out there. 
Rohit Ohri: So, currently we are around 120,000 pallets. So, we intend to close this year at what number of 
pallets? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Say another 20,000 pellets in the next calendar year, which will be expansion of our existing 
facilities and there will be some new locations. 
So, for existing facilities we have some land and we have bought some land. So, those projects 
will come in the next calendar year and then whenever we are able to close on the land parcels 
that will also be coming up in 2023, but normally it takes three to six months for any location 
after construction to get the business done. L ike Siliguri, we have already started getting 
business, you know, we started operations there in end of September.  So, in this quarter we 
expect that the volumes will be filled up quite rapidly and similarly the Coimbatore facility will 
be ready in November or latest in this quarter. So, in first quarter of calendar year we will capture 
the revenue of that location. So, we will be expanding our capacity at the existing locations as 
well as we will be going to new locations. So, if we are going to close this financial year at 
120,000 pallets then next year, we will be closing at something around 15% plus which means 
another 20,000 pallets in the calendar year 2023. 
Ishaan Gupta:                       Plus, we will be targeting at least two more facilities of ecommerce dedicated fulfillment centers 
in this period. 
Rohit Ohri: In terms of Snow Link, our capacity is around three lakh pallets. So, how many are we handling 
currently, if you can share that? 
Management: You are talking about warehousing or transport? 
Rohit Ohri: The IT enabled system? 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 19 of 20 
Ishaan Gupta: That is not measured in pallets. So, we aggregate the freight in the market of refrigerated truck 
owners, and we match it with our customers. But I will let Sunil give you some numbers on what 
kind of scale it has. 
Sunil Nair: See Snow Link is a tech platform where we aggregate the transport ation capacities from the 
market. And then we offer it to our customers as a part of end-to-end offering. And here it is 
purely calculated on the basis of number of truck equivalent revenue that we generate from this 
platform. And this platform actually pr ocures trucks on dedicated basis which is on monthly 
basis and as well as on trip basis. 
So as of now, we are procuring tr ucks equivalent to around 100 trucks a month equivalent 
revenue through this platform. I hope that that answers your question. 
Rohit Ohri: Okay. So, in your commentary you mentioned that the cashflow have started improving. Sir, one 
very broad-based question. S ir, by when do you think Snowman will be a dividend paying 
company? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: It is a question of , either paying dividend to the shareholders or creating shareholder 's value. 
Whatever the cash accruals are there, we are deploying it in, and investing into new facilities. 
So, whenever the board decides that there is a room for paying dividends to the sharehold ers, 
we will definitely look at it. 
Rohit Ohri: Like a three years or four years or something, if you want to add some number? 
Ishaan Gupta: It is very hypothetical to say that because you heard our expansion plans. And there are some 
more which we will be announcing. So, we would rather put that money towards expanding 
rather than taking more debt. But at an appropriate time when cash flows are healthy enough to 
do both things , we would like that also because as you c an see, even Gateway we are, 40% 
shareholders of Snowman and until now even Gateway has yet to recover money from our 
investment. But we would rather wait and grow value in the company and then take that call. 
Rohit Ohri: One final question.  Sunil, can you  get the revenue breakup of QSR, pharma, bakery , foods, 
vegetables, sea food, dairy, others and ready to eat if you have at handy? 
Ishaan Gupta: Rohit, we do not publicly provide this breakup, but Sunil can give you a general sense of which 
segments are performing, you know, after COVID a lot has changed. So, Sunil, can you please 
give that. 
Sunil Nair: Yes. So, Rohit, if we take the top categories, it is Pharma, QSR, Agrifood, Seafood. These are 
the major contributors in the overall segments. All these four will contribute 60% to 65% of the 
revenue and then rest is contributed by confectionery, butter, and dairy products, meat, poultry, 
ready to cook, fruits and vegetables. So, this is the contribution. 
[[PAGE 21]]
 Gateway Distriparks Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
 Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen , due t o time constraints , that will be the last 
question for today. Participants who have missed out can reach up to the management and the 
SGA for the pending questions. On behalf of Gateway Distriparks Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us.  