[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
 
February 11, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532749 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call  
 
Ref: Intimation of Earnings Conference Call for financial performance for the Quarter  
 ended December 31, 2025 dated January 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on 
Friday, February 6, 2026 at 3:30 p.m. (IST) for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. 
The above information shall also be available on the website of the Company 
www.allcargologistics.com. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                                             
 
                                                 
Shekhar R Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F12881 
 
Encl: as Above 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited Q3 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. KETAN KULKARNI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK PAREEK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyash Samant: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us the 
Senior Management Team of Allcargo Logistics Limited, Mr. Ketan Kulkarni – Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Deepak Pareek – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Punjabi from 
the Investor Relations team. 
Management will be sharing operating and financial highlights for the quarter and 9-months 
ended 31st December 2025, followed by question-and-answer session. Please note, this call may 
contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon the 
company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. 
These statements are not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involves 
unforeseen risk and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ketan Kulkarni. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Thank you, Suyash. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody, and a warm welcome to 
our Q3 and 9-months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you very much again for joining 
us and taking time out from your busy schedules. 
Our Financial Results and the Earnings Presentation for the Quarter and the 9-months ended 
December 2025, have been duly uploaded on the Stock Exchanges, and we trust you have had 
an opportunity to review them. 
Starting with the macroeconomic environment: 
India continues to remain among the fastest-growing major economies with GDP growth 
projected at approximately 7.3%. This momentum is being supported by the mother of all deals 
with Europe, and also the recent tariff announcements by the Indian and American governments. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 15 
Strong domestic consumption, resilient urban and rural demand, and sustained infrastructure-led 
expansion will further be the tailwinds for Bharat's progress. Even in the recent budget 
announcement, the Government's FY '27 capital expenditure outlay has been increased to INR 
12.2 lakh crores. This is a step up in CAPEX focused essentially on accelerating infrastructure, 
creation of road, railways, ports, logistics park, multimodal connectivity, training centers, et 
cetera, et cetera, which will all support manufacturing, export, MSME development and robust 
GDP growth. 
This will also democratize production, manufacturing, and consumer centers in the country. The 
continued emphasis on large-scale infrastructure spending is, hence, expected to drive higher 
freight movement, improve the logistics efficiencies and reduce overall supply chain costs. 
We have recently seen the announcement that the overall cost of logistics in the country has been 
reduced by few percentage points. All this augurs very well for the Logistics industry, especially 
the organized industry in which we operate, and business over the medium and long term is very 
optimistic. 
Key operating indicators further reinforce this. E-waybill generation under GST reached 138.4 
million in December 2025, representing a robust 23.6% growth. This reflects a strong 
momentum in consumption, movement of goods across the country and essentially a very 
buoyant economic environment. 
GST collection for Jan 2026 stood at INR 1.93 lakh crores, up 6.2% year-on-year. Steady growth 
in both e-waybill volumes and GST collections points to a sustained strength in domestic trade. 
On the business front, the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year 2026 for us has been a transition quarter. 
Allcargo Logistics focused on quality and profitability. Our actions have led to visible 
improvements, resulting in better yields and reduced costs. And my colleague, Deepak Pareek, 
Chief Financial Officer, will further delve into this. 
Express business profitability improved in comparison to the same period last year. This came 
on the back of yield improvement and cost control measures. 
We also witnessed very strong and steady improvement in on-ground activity, leading to market 
share gain for us. The growth in the CL, Contract Logistics for our consultative logistics was 
muted as certain e-commerce customers deferred their expansion plans. 
Our underlying client relationships across E-Commerce, Automotive, Chemical remain very, 
very strong. As we focus on efficiency-led profitable growth and continue to strengthen our 
digital capabilities through cloud platforms, data analytics, control towers, upgraded WMS, et 
cetera, we will focus on unlocking new growth levers. Transportation and full truckload will be 
a focus area. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 15 
With integration behind us, we expect EBITDA and PBT to grow faster than revenue in the 
coming quarters. 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Deepak, our CFO, who will take you through 
the financial performance for the quarter and the 9-month period. 
Thank you once again for your continued support and your participation. It is a pleasure, as 
always, to be on the call with all of you all. Have a good afternoon. 
Over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you, Ketan, for that detailed overview. And good afternoon, everyone, and a warm 
welcome to all of you on our Q3 and 9-months FY '26 Earnings Call. I will go through the 
financial results for the quarter ended 31st December 2025. 
During Q3 FY '26, Allcargo Logistics handed a total volume of 313,000 metric tonnes. The 
realization per tonne for Q3 FY '26 came in at INR 11,610 per metric tonne, which is 2% up 
year-on-year and 0.4% up from last quarter. The net cash stands at a healthy INR 88 crores. 
Moving to the consolidated financials: 
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR 516 crores versus INR 519 crores in the same period last 
year. It was INR 537 crores in the last quarter. The gross profit for the quarter stood at INR 153 
crores, which is in line with our year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis performance. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 61 crores, which is also in line with year-on-year and 
quarter-on-quarter performance of the company. On a 9-month basis, the revenue reached INR 
1,544 crores, a 7% growth from same period last year. The EBITDA came in at INR 174 crores, 
representing 9% growth as compared to last year. 
Express business financial highlights: 
Coming to the Express business financial highlights, which we have shared in the presentation 
also, the revenue for the quarter stood at INR 364 crores as compared to INR 372 crores during 
the same period last year. It was INR 377 crores in the last quarter. The EBITDA from the 
business for the quarter stood at INR 18 crores, representing a 19% growth year-on-year basis 
and 6% sequentially. 
This growth in profitability has come on the back of our prudent decisions to improve service 
quality, strengthen profitability, managing costs and all the measures which Ketan addressed in 
his detailed overview. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 15 
On a 9-month basis, the revenue reached at INR 1,081 crores vis-a-vis INR 1,073 crores in the 
same period last year. The EBITDA came in at INR 44 crores, in line with the same period last 
year. This was on the Express business. 
Moving on to our Consultative Logistics business financial highlights: 
The business has a warehouse space under management of 8.1 million square feet as on the close 
of December 2025. The revenue from the business for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR 153 crores, up 
5% year-on-year. The EBITDA from the business for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR 46 crores, which 
is a 2% growth on a year-on-year basis.  
On the 9-months performance: 
The revenue reached at INR 464 crores, a robust growth of 23% from same period last year. The 
EBITDA came in at INR 135 crores, a strong 16% growth from last year too. 
So, with this, I would like to open the floor for question-and-answers. And here, I would like to 
end my discussion and thank you for your participation in our earnings call. 
Over to you, Suyash, to take on the question and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Good afternoon, to the team. And thanks for taking my question.  
Yes. So, my first question is around your tech and AI implementation. So, you have introduced 
GenAI enablers, and an integrated control tower into your digital ecosystem. So, from an 
operational standpoint, has the Gate scan or Hub eye  tech already resulted in measurable 
improvements in vehicle turnaround times or a reduction in --- loading and unloading during 
this quarter? This is my first question. 
Ketan Kulkarni: We could hear your first question clearly and thank you for your patience and understanding and 
repeating it. It was on AI and control tower. I think clearly, through our numbers, you will see 
the focus was on to improve service quality, strengthening profitability and managing cost. 
The tech interventions are also a part of that responsibility that they took upon themselves. So, 
whether it is AI in generating docket shipment directly from reading a barcode and without 
manual intervention, whether it is AI in terms of classifying the thousands of e-mails that come, 
and the service quality intervention that we need to do and where, whether it is the control tower 
that maps all our vehicles on the nation's roads 24/7, whether it is the app that tracks our Gati 
Associates on the nation's street that deliver about 6 shipments every second. All this, the 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 15 
platform of tech that we have enabled, and we will continue doing so, a huge, huge credit goes 
to that tech piece. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Okay. That's very helpful. And my second question is around, like if you can give understanding 
a bit about sector-specific strategy that you are doing, you are focusing on the Auto and 
Engineering and Consumer Fast Retail segment for cross-selling synergies. So, are there any 
specific subsectors within Food and Pharma, which currently make up 22% of your revenue mix, 
where you plan to deploy the new life science and healthcare temperature control solutions 
mentioned in your growth escalator. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Okay. Now let me again repeat question, so that I can answer it better. You want to know about 
the sectors. You also want to about Food and Pharma, and where Life Science and temperature-
controlled areas. Would you like to know about this on the Express side or the CL side? 
Rehan Saiyyed: CL side. 
Ketan Kulkarni: On the CL side. So, wonderful. I will address your question on the CL side. On the Life Science 
and Temperature Control, that is already a subset of our Food and Pharma that you can see there. 
And within the pie, the contribution is much, much low.  
In our interaction with Food and Pharma companies and Life Science companies, we are seeing 
a huge white spot. We already do a dipstick of temperature control in some of our facilities for 
Pharma customers. That is an area that we would like to further focus on. The 3% contribution 
will definitely improve going ahead.  
Why we have a head start is because of our expertise in Chemical, where we handle hazardous 
material, which is a degree of difficulty more than doing Food, Pharma, E-Commerce, Auto, 
Engineering. We are seen as the experts on the table, and Allcargo Logistics is the preferred 
service provider for Chemical, and we will leverage that advantage as we move into the Food 
and Pharma, Life Science and Temperature Control sector. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Okay. Fair enough. And last one, bookkeeping question from my side. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Mr. Saiyyed. Sorry, please rejoin the queue for more questions. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Sure. Okay. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aadarsh from Negen Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aadarsh: Thank you for taking my question. I have 2 questions. My first question is following the recent 
mass resignations of the MD, CFO, and CS in November of 2025, could you please provide 
some clarity on the new leadership's immediate priority? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 15 
Ketan Kulkarni: So, the new leadership, the new MD, the CFO and the CS are already in place. 
Aadarsh: My question, have our priorities changed with the changes in the management? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Okay. Have the priorities changed? 
Aadarsh: Yes. 
Ketan Kulkarni: So, I will have this question answered by Deepak Pareek, our CFO. 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. Thanks, Ketan. So, I would answer in 2 parts to your answer. See, we had the transition of 
management. We had the scheme of merger, which was effective on 1st October. That has 
resulted in a management shift or mandatory change in management. 
The Allcargo Logistics, which was undertaking various businesses, mainly IFC, the International 
Freight Management, that has moved out to a separate company. So, the management team of 
that company also has been domiciled into the other new company. 
Allcargo Gati, which is merged with Allcargo Logistics. So, the management team of Allcargo 
Gati have now been given the responsibility in the name to manage this business under the name 
of Allcargo Logistics. 
So, nothing changes on a broader horizon. Just that the team, which was managing earlier, 
Allcargo Gati is now managing Allcargo Logistics. 
I hope that answers your question. And the priorities remain the same, focus on service quality, 
enhancing business further and enhance shareholder value. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Profitability and… 
Aadarsh: Okay. Thank you. My second question was, with the 10.2% price hike effective this January, 
what is your strategy to prevent volume leakage to competitors like Delhivery? And how much 
of this increase will directly flow in the EBITDA margin for the coming quarters? 
Ketan Kulkarni: I will think the first half of your question and maybe Deepak can join me in the second half of 
the question. But the price increase that we have announced becomes effective from 1st of Jan. 
You have seen that there is a yield improvement, which is essentially reflecting in the gross 
margin and the EBITDA margin improvement. 
We are very cognizant that the business operates on 2 important pillars. One is the yield pillar 
and the second is the volume pillar. So, going ahead, we will balance both of these. We have a 
Data Science team that constantly looks at swings that happen by product, by geography, by 
customer, and whatever interventions are needed, they are proactively taken. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 15 
We are focused on both levers, because we need to deliver growth. We are very, very clear on 
that front. And we need to deliver profitable growth; we are very clear on the second aspect of 
the business. 
Over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. Thanks, Ketan. So, pricing is very important for our business, and we use, as Ketan 
mentioned, on the data science front to price all our products in a very optimal manner, which 
has market acceptability and all. 
If you see in our presentation on the Express side, we have given the price realization number, 
which has gone up by 2%. The growth would be slow, but definitely, the focus is there on that 
number to grow. And whatever delta will straight away have an impact flow through in our 
EBITDA. That's on Express. 
And also on Contract Logistics, it's an engagement-driven business, where you would require a 
lot of contracting for a longer space, where a lot of value add needs to be provided in the service. 
So, we are doing that. 
Ketan in the earlier question he covered on the AI bit around the service enhancement 
improvement levels, that will also result in the delta on that business front also in a similar 
manner. That's what we anticipate as we go to the next quarter. 
Aadarsh: Got it. That answers my question. Thank you. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Vikram Kotak from Crest Capital and 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Kotak: Thank you so much. I have 1 question for Deepak, very maintenance question about what's the 
current net worth as on December? And what's the net cash level for the company? 
Deepak Pareek: So, net cash level, we have mentioned in the presentation, which is INR 88 crores. 
Vikram Kotak: Okay. And what's the net worth as on December '25? 
Deepak Pareek: Net worth would be INR 500 crores. So, INR 300 crores will be equities, and balance… 
Vikram Kotak: Okay. My second question to Ketan on the Slide #17 about Vision 2030. Can you take us through 
what are drivers for getting this growth till 2030. What are the synergy benefit you are seeing 
between the merger of AGL and Gati, both qualitative and quantitative? And are you taking any 
inorganic growth in this vision statement? So, 3 questions on the vision side. Thank you. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 15 
Ketan Kulkarni: No. Please repeat your third question. I got your first 2. 
Vikram Kotak: Yes. Okay. So, Vision 2030, the targets which you set, is that any inorganic side also, is only 
organic side? Thank you. 
Ketan Kulkarni: M&A and acquisition side. 
Vikram Kotak: Exactly. Yes, yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. 
Ketan Kulkarni: What we have projected here as of now is organic growth. We are very clearly going to drive a 
growth strategy that's based on our current platform and grow that organically. Drivers on the 
Express side for that growth are going to be improvement in service quality, based on tech. I 
kind of covered that earlier. What that does is allows us to go to customers, show value to them 
and ask for the volume at the right yield, giving us a better flow-through, which is invested back 
into the business through infrastructure tech, et cetera. 
So, profitable growth, as I have said, I think, twice earlier, will be the key lever to drive this. We 
will always be an asset-light model, that continues to be a focus. If you see our numbers, you 
will see the cost reduction focus in general and admin expenses, in employee expenses. So, all 
these levers essentially resulting into what you will see on the right-hand side of the sheet. 
In terms of synergy, we have already drawn up a team that will look at customers on the CL side 
of the business, and the Express side of the business. A lot of conversations have already begun 
with large customers on how we can play an integrated role that is much more deeper in their 
supply chain ecosystem. 
And we are getting a lot of positive moves from the customer side. I cannot name a customer, 
but as recently in the month of Jan itself, we signed a major multinational third-party logistics 
player that operates for large automotive MNC and now is consuming both services and was 
previously consuming only 1 aspect of our business. Very, very focused on driving that part. I 
hope… 
Vikram Kotak: Yes, that's a great answer. What would be annual technology budget for us? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. So, as Ketan mentioned, we are not a CAPEX-led model. We are working on an OPEX 
model. So, most our tech initiatives are under that framework, where in terms of putting in any 
new architecture, we have an outlay of INR 12 crores for the next year financial year or full 
financial year. 
Vikram Kotak: Super. Thank you. All the best to you. Thank you so much. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you for your question. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 15 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Rushabh from RBSA Investment 
Managers LLP. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: Yes. I just want to understand on the vision that you said that we are targeting 20% EBITDA 
CAGR from FY '25 base. So, looking at the 9-month number so far, we have only grown at 9%. 
So, what is giving that confidence that we will be able to grow? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. So, this vision statement or strategy fact, which was shared in our Analyst Meet covers 3 
years primarily. We are looking at '27, '28, and eventually going to FY '30. So, this year, if you 
see the numbers which we have shared, we have a 7% growth as of December. And the measures 
which we have taken in this quarter or the previous quarter, which we also shared in the earlier 
earnings call, the focus on service quality improvement enhancement. And on that regard, certain 
investments had to be done in terms of operating cost enhancement. 
So, that has started giving us a result now. If you see quarter-on-quarter, Express business has 
shown a growth. And this quarter coming in, in the next quarter also, it will continue. So, Express 
business and even contract logistics business, the growth has to be in a steady manner, which 
actually now the current year '26, we are confident of achieving that. And next year, I think the 
strategy will play in a very faster manner. So, '27, '28 is the year which we are banking on very 
positively and we are optimistic that the target set in next year will be achieved. 
Rushabh Shah: Just want to understand the volume front in the Surface Express side. We have been hovering 
around the 3 lakh tonnes mark since I think, many years. So, what steps are we taking to increase 
volumes? Because ultimately, that will only drive our cost down. I understand that there will be 
a little bit of mix change from your key accounts to your MSME accounts, which will not reflect 
in volumes and maybe that is reflected in the realization. Is that the strategy going forward? 
Ketan Kulkarni: What is the strategy? Please come again with your second half of the question, please? I heard 
your first half, which said volumes are a little stagnant at 3 lakhs per quarter. 
Rushabh Shah: Yes. So, just on the strategy part, like are the volumes stagnant because the MSME part of the 
business is increasing and so that it does not reflect in the tonnes per se, but it reflects in the 
higher realization. Is that the way the volumes are stagnant? 
Ketan Kulkarni: So, volumes essentially usually dependent on number 1, the pricing strategy that we are going 
to follow. Number 2, the changes in the mix, as you rightly said. But we are very cognizant of, 
as I said earlier, also in the call, that volume growth and yield growth, the mix will be the one 
that will drive us towards the goal post of profitable growth. So, that is very, very much a focus 
area. 
Secondly, a syndicated research that we obtain, and so do most of the other players that operate 
in the segment. In the month of December, we were only ones along with another to grow the 
market share. We are 1 of the 2, 3 other large players lost market share. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 15 
And in the July-August-September quarter, it was a similar instance, where we were the ones, 
who gained market share, only player to gain market share. The other player was very, very 
marginal in 0.0x percentages, and 3 other players lost their market share. So, within the organized 
sector, the top 5 that we constantly triangulate again, we are in a much, much stronger position 
since the month of July ending till December. 
Rushabh Shah: Whatever assumption that we have done for FY '28 EBITDA for the numbers, what is the impact 
realization that you guys are targeting? Currently, it is hovering at 11.6% that was shared in the 
PPT. So, what is that number in FY '28 as per your projections?  
Ketan Kulkarni: See, I think I would like the numbers to show that since it is giving a forward indication, but the 
percentage which we mentioned as the percentage which we are looking at to get to that because 
it's the upstreaming of entire thing, if you look at 10%, that will be a combination of both yield 
and volume taken together. 
Rushabh Shah: Is it predominantly volume-led or value-add growth? Just to give an indication. 
Ketan Kulkarni: So, it will be a mix of both, if you can say, 50%-50% can be attributed to both the delta. 
Rushabh Shah: Okay. And what is the current pricing trends in the key accounts? I think earlier, there was some 
steep discounting happening. Have the prices stabilized? Or are we seeing some price hikes even 
this year? What is the trend in key account pricing? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Key accounts, Strategic MSME and Retail, we are committed to grow the yield across all the 4 
levers. That is the guidance I can give you. Of course, to grow key account yield by the factor 
compared to Strategic or MSME or Retail is much more difficult, due to the volumes that key 
accounts give us. 
But as I said earlier in the call, with improving service quality, with the tech platform supporting 
that improved quality, a very, very strong network with the control tower operating, we are seeing 
huge increments in the key service quality metrics that we have in our QBRs - quarterly business 
reviews that we have with KEA customers, that is being appreciated and there is a reciprocal 
effect. So, the management of yield will be driven across all the 4 verticals that we operate in. 
Rushabh Shah: Directionally, can we expect Q4 could be better than Q3, given that generally in the past, it has 
been seasonally a better quarter for us? 
Deepak Pareek: Yes. Definitely. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Definitely. 
Rushabh Shah: Thank you. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 15 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vedant S., an individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vedant S.: Thank you for this opportunity. My first question is on Consultative Logistics business. So, as 
we can see the 9-month FY '26 revenue and EBITDA is showing strong growth. But as we come 
to Q3, there is a Q-o-Q dip. So, is this a seasonality factor? Or does it reflect a delay in some 
kind of customer ramp-up? And how confident are we of sustaining this double-digit margins 
going forward? 
Ketan Kulkarni: I will take your second half of the question first, Vedant, and say we are very, very confident of 
improving the margins. In my opening remarks, I said that the Consultative Logistics business 
was a bit muted as certain e-commerce clients deferred their expansion plans. But our underlying 
client relationship across E-Commerce, Automotive, Chemical is very, very strong. And we are 
confident of a better quarter, as I even expressed for the Express side of the business, earlier to 
another joining on the call. 
Vedant S.: So, are we seeing a better Q4 in this segment? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Definitely. 
Vedant S.: Okay. Similar to that, can you talk a little bit more on the Air Express, how are things looking 
as of now? What is the strategy to scale this up? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Definitely. So, the Air Express business, we have grown in terms of revenue in the 9-month 
period and also in the quarter-on-quarter. There is a nudging double-digit growth Q-on-Q. I 
would have personally liked it to be much higher. The strategy is definitely a strategy to focus 
on the business further, going ahead into FY '27-'28. As we are exploring new opportunities, we 
are finding a lot of synergies with the Ground Express business. 
Now with Consultative Logistics being a part of the portfolio where we go to customers, we 
would like to be the single point of contact for a customer for all his express movement needs. 
So, this is a focus area for us. And you can see the green, in fact, on Slide 11 of the presentation 
for Air Express and a little bit of red on the surface side, but definitely a focus area. 
Vedant S.: Thank you. Yes. I can just clearly see the growth on Slide 11. Next, can you express a bit on Q4 
demand? How is the Quarter 4 demand looking as of now? And can you put this in the numbers 
of volumes? How is it looking? Any guidance for FY '27? 
Ketan Kulkarni: As Jan has started and we enter February, we are very confident of how Q4 is going to shape up 
for us. As I said earlier, some of your other colleagues on the call also asked us about both the 
Express and CL business, how Q4 is going to look? How it's both going to be? Is it going to be 
better? And the answer was definitive definitely. So, I will stay with that answer. 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 15 
In terms of numbers, I will not be able to make a forward-looking statement at this time, but I 
will definitely download a huge dollop of confidence on the table for Q4 numbers. 
Vedant S.: Okay. And no guidance for FY '27 as well? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Slide 17, if you look at, you will get indicative guidance on revenue, margins, EBITDA, if you 
refer to Slide 17. 
Vedant S.: Sure. My last question would be, as we can see, we are practicing an asset-light strategy and 
there's a good net cash position. So, how are you prioritizing capital deployment between 
technology investments, network expansion and potential deleveraging? And how will our return 
ratios look going forward? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes. So, you summed it right, actually. The 3 blocks which are deleveraging OU enhancement 
and technology upgradation, these are the 3 blocks where we have to use the entire cash in a 
very judicious manner. Right now, the allocation is done frugally across technology, and that's 
giving us the relevant ROI. On the AI and other front where the investment would require, I 
think that also is already factored in the budget, which I mentioned. 
OU modernization is some piece which we were looking, but we had deferred it for next year. 
That could be in the region of INR 10 crores to INR 15 crores for next financial year, not in this 
year. 
On the deleveraging front, yes, we would look at pairing out some of the debt. That is not much 
of a concern because that's within the tolerance level. So, we would do it in a phased manner. 
Over the next 2 quarters, actually, if you see Q1 of next year, the debt profile will be slightly 
lower as compared to what we are now. Yes. So, we will use it under these 3 buckets on a 
systematic manner. That's what I would say. 
Vedant S.: Okay. Thank you. But what kind of investments are we looking in technological advancement 
every year or every quarter? Can you put it into numbers? 
Deepak Pareek: On a year, we are looking at INR 12 crore number. On a quarter-on-quarter, it will be around 
INR 2 crores to INR 3 crores, which would be spread across 5 to 6 key initiatives, which will 
have a direct impact on service level improvements and better customer experience. These are 
the 2 themes of those investments would be. 
Vedant S.: Okay. Thank you so much, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you for your time, and all the best 
in moving forward. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you. Thank you. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Thomas, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Thomas: I just wanted to understand, when you say asset light, can you explain what that means because 
you have  your own trucks, right? Or is this leased? 
Deepak Pareek: We are on an asset-light model, Thomas. We don't own any of our trucks. These are that model 
actually, available on rent. 
Thomas: Okay. So, you lease it from third parties. Is that right? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes. Correct. Yes. 
Thomas: And I just wanted to understand, now I think in the last call, you had mentioned that you were 
taking price hikes. And I am just trying to understand, I thought I had read somewhere that some 
of the other players were cutting their prices. Did I misunderstand that? Or is it a universal thing 
that everyone is increasing their prices when it comes to Express Delivery? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes. Thomas, I will only talk for ourselves, not for the other. We are definitely looking at yield 
enhancement measures, resulting in profitable growth is what we have given a clear indication 
on the call. 
Thomas: And even with these price hikes, which you took in January, right? 
Ketan Kulkarni: That's right. 
Thomas: Okay. So, far, the discussions that you had with customers, you are saying that that will lead to 
increased volumes? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Yes, the endeavor of the business is always to increase volume as I said earlier on the call, on 
the basis of no compromise on the yield, resulting in profitable growth. 
Thomas: Yes. Okay. And just one last question. Right now, with all these free trade agreements and all 
that, do you also assist the customers from the port onwards or is the contract after that? 
Ketan Kulkarni: Sorry, please come again. 
Thomas: Do you assist customers like if it's through imports? From the port onwards you assist the client 
or is it from their warehouses or from the plants? Do you do services even from ports is what I 
wanted to know? 
Ketan Kulkarni: We have 3 service lines. One is the CL line, which has warehousing as a core component and 
also has full truckload as a core component.  
[[PAGE 16]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 15 
Our Express business is essentially part truckload, where a truck is filled with multiclient 
shipments. The business operates in a manner that wherever a customer or client wants us to 
pick up a shipment or deliver a shipment in either full truckload or express movement, we are 
willing to do that. And if there is storage needed at any time during the movement of the 
shipment, that is also offered in our warehousing side, which is the CL side. 
Various value-added services are also embedded on the warehousing side where we could 
destock stuff, enhance the shipment by labeling, et cetera. So, that's how we will operate Thomas. 
Also, the group has 4 companies. Allcargo Global in the merger, demerger, the company that's 
been formed will look at FCL and LCL, which is the full container load and less than container 
load, the loads that move on ships coming in and out of ports internationally. So, that's the 
company that's focused on that. 
Thomas: Okay. I just wanted to understand. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ketan Kulkarni for closing comments. 
Ketan Kulkarni: Thank you. And it was a very, very insightful, knowledgeable conference for all of us. The 
questions were really of a very high order. And Deepak and I are grateful once again for all of 
you all to join on the call, and wishing you all a very, very good evening. Thank you very much. 
Deepak Pareek: Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Allcargo Logistics Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you 
all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 