[[PAGE 1]]
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologisƟcs.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
August 20, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of  the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Wednesday, 
August 13, 2025, at 3:00 p.m. (IST) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s 
website from the below link 
https://www.allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/ymqn96088.pdf 
We request you to take the above on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
Swati Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A20388 
Encl: a/a 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Q1 FY 2026 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR – DIRECTOR, STRATEGY AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ALLCARGO 
LOGISTICS 
MR. JAN KLEINE LASTHUES – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – ECU WORLDWIDE 
MR. STEPHEN DUNN – FINANCE DIRECTOR, ECU 
WORLDWIDE, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
tone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
The Management is represented by Mr. Ravi Jakhar – Director, Strategy and Group CFO; Mr. 
Jan Kleine Lasthues – Chief Operating Officer, ECU Worldwide; and Mr. Stephen Dunn – 
Finance Director, ECU Worldwide. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Jakhar for opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes. Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining in on this call. And I 
will take you through the financial and business highlights for the quarter, along with my 
colleagues Jan and Steve on the call. And happy to respond to your questions or information that 
you may seek. 
To sum up, if you look back at the quarter gone by, we could split it into two core segments, the 
international supply chain business and the domestic business. On the domestic business, there 
are no macroeconomic challenges, the country's economy seems to be in good shape, the trade 
volumes have been growing well. There are a lot of emerging sectors, particularly e-commerce 
and quick commerce, which continue to grow well. And all of these leads to opportunities in 
logistics sector. And as an outcome of that, we have also seen good progress in the domestic 
business. Contract logistics business, if we compare prior to the previous year, we have grown 
our revenue by 50%. EBITDA has gone up by about 30%.  
On the domestic express business: 
The whole Gati turnaround has been panning out well. We have been able to now be a bit more 
selective on the revenue, and at the same time rationalize margins and costs, which is why we 
have been able to improve the EBITDA in the express business also. And as we head into the 
month of July and August, we also seeing the revenue momentum coming in. 
So, on the express and contract logistics business: 
Good performance, good momentum. And possibly, we should see more benefits coming out 
from an operating leverage with white space reduction the contract logistics business and with 
increased volumes and revenue in the express business in the coming months and quarters to 
follow. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 13 
On the international supply chain side: 
While the company-specific initiatives have been all going okay. The macroeconomic volatility 
remains. The geopolitical tensions have not de-escalated, there are a little bit of concerns around 
the whole tariff announcement by U.S. which continue to impact the trade, which remains 
subdued. And that's why we have seen volumes and the overall performance being more flattish 
from a gross profit perspective. And then there are some impacts on the costs, which have 
impacted at the EBITDA level. And there's also an ocean loss of FX, which I will explain once 
I complete the highlights as that is a significant number for the quarter, which is impacting the 
reported PAT. 
In terms of the near-term momentum: 
We are seeing a strong rebound with almost 8% to 10% increase in volumes. However, this is 
not structural, I would call it more seasonal. As the holiday season demand starts picking up, 
this is normal for the July, August, September quarter to be stronger on volumes and the overall 
performance. And that is what we are seeing on a relative Q-on-Q basis.  
But in terms of the overall broader recovery, trade volumes normalizing, the macroeconomics 
being more positive, these are things which need to be further cautiously seen over the coming 
months and need to see how these geopolitical events shape up. So, at this point in time, it's very 
difficult to make any long-term comments. The near to next three months look good. Beyond 
that, we will have to see in the coming couple of months. 
Let me take you through some of the financial highlights on the consolidated and the 
segmental performance for the company for Q1 FY '26. 
On the consolidated side: 
Revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 3,817 crores, which is a marginal increase of 1% over the 
corresponding quarter last year and a decline of marginal 3% over the previous quarter. The 
consolidated gross profit for this quarter stood at Rs. 856 crores, which is a growth of 8% over 
the corresponding quarter last year and 2% over the previous quarter. I would say that the 
volumes have remained flattish, and we have maintained a high yield, which is what is protecting 
the gross profit.  
But the additional increase that we see in the gross profit is also on account of some of the local 
revenue that we earn in European countries, which is in euro, and euro has had a sharp 
appreciation in the last quarter. That of course also means that the European salaries and cost 
paid out also had an impact. And therefore, you will see the impact of euro inflation in both the 
gross profit being higher and also the staff and the G&A cost also being higher as Europe is a 
key region. On an overall basis, this potentially negates out. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 13 
EBITDA, excluding other income and other items from a business standpoint for the Q1 FY '26 
stood at Rs. 103 crores compared to Rs. 136 crores for the same quarter last year and about Rs. 
128 crores for the previous quarter. What we have seen is that from a business standpoint, we 
have been able to rationalize working capital. We have been able to improve our efficiency on 
that. And as a result of that, we have been able to reduce our debt. 
Now, it is noteworthy that in rupee terms, our gross debt has come down by Rs. 107 crores 
compared to the previous quarter and now stands at Rs. 1,060 crores. If you account for cash 
lying with us as well, the net debt has actually come down also to Rs. 467 crores, which is below 
the previous quarter.  
The reason why I say it is noteworthy is that while the business is not generating strong cash 
flows and at the same time, our borrowings in the Belgian subsidiary are in euro. So therefore, 
in euro terms, there's actually been a more substantial reduction by way of operating cash flow 
and working capital efficiencies. But it is primarily the currency translation, which is also 
showing limited reduction in the overall net debt and gross debt position, which should have 
otherwise been even higher. And I will come again to the FX fluctuation and what the overall 
trend looks like. 
So now if you look at Q1 FY '26, the impact of foreign exchange loss, which is notional, is 
almost Rs. 83 crores for this quarter. Now to explain what exactly happens is that we have all 
the global operating entities are step-down subsidiaries of ECU worldwide and the other holding 
companies in Belgium, which account in euros. Now, they give intercompany advances and 
loans, which are for the purpose of working capital and general business management, which 
are given in U.S. dollar terms. So from an accounting standpoint, these U.S. dollar loans for the 
euro-USD parity on a quarter-on-quarter basis accounted for and adjusted in euros. And we see 
that seasonally some quarters are negative and some quarters are positive in terms of the notional 
Forex impact. 
If you look at the long-term perspective, over the last five years, the total change in USD to euro 
has only been about 1.8% to 1.9%, which means that less than 0.1% on every quarter basis. 
However, the past quarter was exceptional on the negative side, whereby the change in single 
quarter was about 9%. Subsequent to the quarter, in the month of July, it almost reversed by 4%. 
So while euro appreciated by 9%, it then came down by 4% in July. So these are monthly and 
quarterly fluctuations, which are national in nature because these are long-standing working 
capital advances given from the holding company to the operating companies. And the long-
term impact is only created by the long-term changes in euro to USD exchange rates.  
However, as a company, we also recognize that from a quarterly financial reporting perspective, 
these numbers do create unnecessary fluctuations in the reported earnings. And therefore, we 
are discussing how some of these notionals. Now these are not real losses and therefore, they are 
also not hedgeable at large, but how we can possibly adopt accounting practices, which can help 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 13 
us eliminate the undulations from an accounting standpoint. And we will perhaps come back 
with some views when we report next quarter. 
For this time what we have done is we have decided to increase our disclosures and make it more 
clear by including this notional FX loss as a separate line item, which would be loss or a profit 
as long as the current pattern goes. However, as I mentioned, the debt has come down because 
of the cash flows remaining strong by way of operating business profit and also the working 
capital and efficiency management. 
On the international supply chain business, moving on to the segments. The LCL volume for the 
quarter ended June stood at about 2.14 million cubic meters, which is about a 3% growth over 
previous quarter. The FCL volume for the quarter stood at 168,000 TEUs, which is up 6% over 
the last quarter. The air volume for the quarter stood at 8.4 million kilos, which represents a 
growth of 5% as compared to same period last year and a seasonal decline of 14% as compared 
to Q4 FY '25.  
Revenue for the Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 3,330 crores, which is similar to the corresponding 
quarter of last financial year and a marginal decline corresponding to the previous quarter, which 
primarily indicates that while volumes have been flattish, the freight rates have also been range 
bound as an outcome of that, the numbers have also been broadly flat. EBITDA for Q1 FY '25 
to at Rs. 52 crores as compared to Rs. 87 crores in Q1 FY '25 and Rs. 80 crores in Q4 FY '25 for 
the international supply chain segment. 
On the domestic side, as I mentioned, the express business, we rationalized and the revenues 
declined by 7% quarter-on-quarter, which was also a bit of seasonality. And like I mentioned, 
we are already seeing a stronger momentum in July and it's at Rs. 357 crores for the quarter. 
However, despite the decline in the revenue, the cost initiative measures which we have been 
adopting allowed us to increase the EBITDA by 18% during the same period of corresponding 
quarters. 
On the contract logistics business, as I mentioned earlier, we have seen a year-on-year growth 
in both revenue and EBITDA with revenue going up by 49% and EBITDA going up 29%. Here, 
we still are operating at a white space capacity, which is perhaps slightly higher than our desired 
levels. And therefore, I see opportunity to improve the margins by utilizing these white spaces 
and generating additional revenue without any incremental rental cost. And we do have some 
contracts which have been signed up post quarter closing, and we have good healthy pipeline as 
well. 
So that's a broad perspective on the financial performance and the business outlook, but we will 
be happy to engage in the discussion. So, I would hand it over back to the moderator to open the 
floor for questions and answers. 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 13 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Koundinya N. from Jefferies. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on the international supply chain front, 
between all the currency movements, right, while it helped your gross profit, it did not help at 
EBITDA level. So, I mean, can you provide a bit more granularity how should we look at this 
gross profit to EBITDA conversion and also speak a little bit about the initiatives that you have 
been speaking about, I mean, where are they with aspect cost reduction measures and all? That's 
one. 
 And two, on the express distribution side, right, you did speak about some kind of recovery in 
2Q. So I mean, this segment, not just for you, but for the broader industry has been a bit weak 
for some time now. And are you seeing any green shoots now, which are giving you, I mean, 
ahead of the H2 giving you some kind of optimism or that, if you can throw some more color on 
this, please? 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes, sure. So let me start with the international supply chain business. On the International 
Supply Chain business, our primary operating currency is U.S. dollar, and therefore, the business 
largely operates in U.S. dollar. And we see consistency, when we look at the U.S. dollar numbers 
there's a good amount of consistency on the yield because the entire business is via the U.S. 
dollar internationally. And therefore, if you look at our gross profit over the last three quarters 
and divide it by the volume, which is the yield, it is absolutely consistent over the last three 
quarters taking out the FX impact, which was not reported separately in the earlier quarters.  
What we see, the one which I spoke about, which is the intercompany advances, there is purely 
a notional impact, so I am not much concerned on that. Speaking on the actual impact, like I 
said, approximately, and it will be plus/minus 5% here or there, but approximately, say, 50% of 
the cost is on the ocean freight side, which is entirely U.S. dollar and 50% of our revenue and 
cost on the LCL side could be on the ground, door movements, local charges, handling at origin 
destination, etc. And in the FCL, ocean freight will be a slightly higher component because ocean 
freight could be around 65%, 70% in the FCL business because the initial part, there's no 
stuffing, destuffing, those operations are limited.  
So now the ocean trade is in tiring U.S. dollar, which means that you are buying in U.S. dollars, 
we are selling in U.S. dollars. On the local charges, we are typically bought and sold in the local 
currencies. And conventionally what we have seen is we typically cover up the local cost from 
the local revenue, and we make profit on ocean freight, that is the broad framework on which 
principally industry operates and that’s how we do the pricing as well. So from that standpoint, 
we do not see a real impact of fluctuations between local currencies and the U.S. dollar unless 
these are wild fluctuations. What I mean by wild fluctuation is we have countries like say Turkey 
or Argentina over the last few years, there have been wild fluctuations with the currency 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 13 
depreciated significantly. And there are significant changes between receivable and payable 
position sometime.  
At large, 99% of the business, these fluctuations do not impact much. This volatility, like I 
mentioned what we saw in euro to dollar was a bit exceptional in nature coming in one quarter 
at about 8.5%, 9% compared to 2% over five years. So this resulted in slightly higher local 
revenue and slightly higher local costs as well. And just to give you a ballpark estimate, you can 
make out from our geographic presence and the volume distribution, we have been sharing GP 
numbers by region as well. You could broadly make out Europe is a slightly higher cost continent 
so one could estimate anywhere between 20%, I would say, plus/minus a few percentage points 
could be the cost of staff in Europe and corresponding G&A numbers could be similar.  
Which means that a 9% impact could basically create a 1.8% overall impact on the SG&A cost, 
which is why you see some of the inflation in the SG&A cost also, that's one part or the entire 
part. But you see a similar uptick in the GP also. So this kind of negates out. So on a net basis, I 
do not see an impact because of the euro-USD change at large because you would have seen a 
positive impact on GP and a negative impact on the SG&A. That's the broad view on the 
currency impact. 
Now in terms of the cost itself, apart from this, the impact of euro versus USD or euro versus 
INR, which is a reporting currency here, other things have been, there have been some one-off 
payments. You also provided for doubtful debts, which we have kind of discontinued some of 
the non-core businesses, which we felt had higher risk and some of these amounts are pertaining 
to the business. We feel that there could be similar provisions in the next quarter as well on the 
doubtful debt. But from Q1 CY ‘26, which is Jan to March or the calendar year, Jan to March 
‘26, we believe that with a complete exit from some of these non-core businesses which are there 
in some of these countries, the core business has basically very strong collections, very strong 
visibility and everything. So, we should see a negligible provision for a doubtful debt, that’s the 
outlook. 
In terms of the business aspect on the international supply chain, like I mentioned, we are seeing 
the festive green shoots at this point in time, we are seeing the momentum, volumes seem to be 
8% to 10% up at this point in time, sequentially month-on-month, if I look at the June versus 
July roughly. So those things are there, but we cannot count upon them as a long-term 
momentum, because we need to see how the overall trade environment settles post all the 
ongoing geopolitical concerns and the economic trade sanction concerns. 
In terms of the initiatives, there was the second part of your question, if I recall, where the impact 
of the initiatives on the cost reduction and all. So on the outsourcing bit, I would say, on the 
operational side we are slightly behind. We were expecting to conclude, say, about 30 to 40 roles 
in the quarter gone by. But you had some change in plan moving into a different location and 
possibly that will be delayed by two quarters. And the financial outsourcing, the first phase is 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 13 
on track, and that should be implemented in the coming quarter. The first phase should lead to 
an impact of about $1.5 million on an annualized recurring savings basis. So that is something 
is on track. The operational part which should have also led to a similar amount is kind of delayed 
by two quarters, that should have been done in this quarter ending but has partly been pushed 
back closer to the year-end quarter, the December end quarter. 
In terms of the other initiatives, they are going well in terms of our automation. We have been 
able to build rate management tools, a lot of AI projects that we are working on. So in terms of 
bringing in operational efficiency to drive productivity, those things are working fine. So that's 
a bit of an international chain. If you have any short quick question, I can take that up, otherwise 
I will move to the express business where you asked some questions. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Yes. If you can quantify the one-off payments that you incurred on the other expenses with 
respect to the receivable or the provisions, so if you can provide a quick color on this. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes. Approximately, I would say, $1.5 million of third-party provisions, roughly about $700,000 
of intercompany receivable positions squared off net impact. And approximately, $1.5 million 
to $1.7 million of variable payouts, which was not provided considering the financial 
performance. But then we felt that given the competitive outlook and the performance of the 
company, we decided to give a part of the variable performance bonus, etc., which is amounting 
to about $1.6 million to $1.7 million. These are the three numbers. So totaling about $2.2 million 
on the provision side and about $1.6 million, $1.7 million additional of the variable payouts, 
which are not accounted for. That’s the broad impact.  
 Otherwise, like I mentioned, the volumes remain steady. The yields remained steady and the 
SG&A costs have been largely rangebound barring these exceptions. And the intent now from 
here on is how we can expand the volumes. Now in the festive season, of course, it will happen. 
But on a long-term sustained basis, we need some support from the metronomic environment 
recovery. And then we are very focused on weaning in our SG&A also that the entire incremental 
GP can flow towards the bottom line. 
 So on that note, in the interest of time, I will move to the express business, your question on the 
green shoots visibility. Like I mentioned, yes, we do see green shoots in the express business 
with the month of July volume is looking good, and we believe the momentum to continue 
through the festive season. I would also say that from an industry standpoint, actually last few 
months have actually been quite good. We have seen double-digit growth in the industry at large.  
 Though for us, last quarter we did not see revenue growth. We saw a growth in focused 
customers, but we also let go a few customers, and that's how you see the profit profile 
improving. I would also say that we potentially also, if you look at the last two, three quarters at 
large, we would have potentially lost some market share. But now we are in the positive direction 
with the new team we joined about four, five months back, completely the team has settled in 
well and is now working with some momentum.  
[[PAGE 10]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 13 
 So I would say that industrial, honestly, do not see any challenges, industry has been growing 
well. We had been struggling on the revenue growth side and focusing on cost optimization. 
Now I would say I am confident the cost optimization is done well, which is why you see the 
EBITDA grows despite revenues declining. And we clearly see momentum on both the volumes 
and the rates. And we have also been able to bring in marginal price increase as well, which also 
helps in improving the yields and profitability. So that's the broad outlook on the express 
business. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Thanks for the elaborate answer, just one last thing, do you have any specific comments on the 
gross profit or gross margin side in the express business that seems to have taken a hit? 
Ravi Jakhar: So I would say that your gross profit on the express business side should potentially be sitting at 
a higher number from here. But we saw deductions to be slightly above our estimate levels. And 
these deductions typically pertain to a few quarters behind because the claims come in later and 
then we kind of settle them in. So, I would say, deduction to some extent what we believe would 
be controlled, and multiple steps have been taken, which should lead to maybe 0.3% to 0.5% 
kind of potential impact.  
 Beyond that, there will also be an impact of the improved operations in terms of the volume goes 
up and the cost of mid-mile ability to run the trucks for high kilometers per month, a lot of those 
operational parameters are typically linked to volume. As we are able to scale up volume, we 
should be able to bring down the operating costs. So from an ideal operating perspective, we are 
operating clearly below where we should be.  
 If you look at our operating gross margin, it is sitting under 25% for this quarter. While we 
believe that in an ideal situation it would be more close to 30%. So there's definitely the 
opportunity for us to continue to improve on the gross margin in the percentage terms on the 
domestic business. In the international business, percentages do not make sense because freight 
is largely a pass-through cost. And there, I would always recommend to look at yield, which is 
gross profit divided by volume. 
Koundinya Nimmagadda: Sure, great. Thanks for the answers. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Just two questions. One is that, with this tariff, how do you see reorientation of trade or early 
signs from the customer side in terms of volume impact in a particular region, if you can 
highlight to some extent? And secondly, in terms of ECU360 app, I just wanted to understand, 
out of total volume, how much would be our like door-to-door kind of volume? And is there any 
scope further to really capture the share of customers' whole end-to-end logistic from say a point 
to delivery for us? 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 13 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes. So as I understand, your question is around the impact of the tariffs and the increased 
penetration and the outlook for door-to-door through the ECU360 platform. So let me invite my 
colleague, Jan Kleine, to come in and share his views and add on to the comment. Jan, you want 
to share your views on what's happening with the whole tariff environment and then also on the 
door deliveries and the potential with ECU360? 
Jan Lasthues: Sure. Absolutely. Well, I think in general, well, we all see how volatile the market is at the 
moment. And I think it's quite hard to predict how tariffs develop in the coming months. You all 
see, we have now pretty high tariffs, especially on the markets from and to the US. Well, India 
just has been hit hard by double increased tariffs but as well other reasons of the world, right? 
The EU has been hit by 15%, China with stronger tariffs. And as well, if you look at China now, 
the decision has been delayed again. So everybody was expecting that there will be a trade deal 
or at least a decision on the China tariffs between U.S. and China just now this week, but that's 
all delayed again.  
 So, this shows how volatile the market is. I think at the moment, well, we see the volatility 
sometimes helps us also in terms of growth, right? If there is a deadline coming soon for new 
tariffs to come into the picture, there's always a high spike to push volumes into the U.S., which 
then always helps us to gain a bit more business as well to have higher yields because the people 
have a short-term, very strong demand which then, well, at the end, helps us to sell the capacity 
at a higher price.  
 But at long term, we see, on all the markets globally, the volumes are a bit down, right? So this 
is really the uncertainty. And not knowing what's going to be in one month or in two months 
with tariffs, for sure, that's not helping the global trade. And we with our international business 
are really dependent on the global trade. So this is really a bit unpredictable, I think. Well, we 
are, at the moment, navigating quite well in that market. It helps us at least at the moment to 
keep the yields up. And I think it will also, at least till end of the year, if not longer, help us to 
keep the yields on a higher level.  
 But again, right, it's still quite unpredictable. And volumes well, market volumes are down. I 
think with our way of navigating in that market, we have goods. And our aim for sure to grow 
further because, well, we have not the largest market share so growth is possible and that’s our 
clear aim, growth take more market share. But overall market development, quite unpredictable 
at the moment volume’s a little bit down. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Okay. Got it. So thanks for giving clarity in terms of volume. But there was also a concern for 
the industry or investors that the brand may ask for supply thing also to be some kind of tariff 
hike. What chance is there  that out of what tariff hike is happening how much will be borne 
by the brand, how much will be from the supplier, and some basically on supply chain. So, are 
we seeing some negotiation happening on that front where they are really asking it would be 
some kind of burden as a supply chain partner? 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 13 
Jan Lasthues: Can you repeat that, because it was really hard to understand. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Okay. So whatever tariff increase is happening, are the brands asking to bear some of that tariff 
burden to supply chain partners also to manage the inflation? 
Jan Lasthues: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Now I hope this is better. There are some network issues. So probably, I think I am audible now. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes, Vikram, we can hear you. So Jan, Vikram was primarily asking about, is there expectations 
from the supply chain companies, the logistics partners from the companies to be a part of the 
tariff hit.  
 So from my perspective, let me share my views, and Jan can add to that. So basically, when 
there's increase in cost, whether it's cost on account of raw material or cost on account of freight 
or cost on account of tariffs such as the current environment, naturally, everybody is trying to 
mitigate the costs and negotiations may happen. However, where we sit in the supply chain is 
we are kind of a platform that brings capacities together. And as an LCL consolidator primarily, 
we create efficiencies. So what it means is that in an environment like this, it also creates an 
opportunity for people to be more cognizant of utilization and try and load more LCL cargo 
rather than half utilized boxes. So from that perspective, there is efficiency and that's what keeps 
us more relevant.  
 Secondly, our profitability is largely an outcome again of the efficiency. And therefore, it is not 
a vanilla markup on the cost. And therefore, no we do not see as such any significant pressure. 
We engage with forwarders at large who, of course, are working with the brands and companies 
facing the tariff hikes. But I think to some extent, as the tariff hike happens in those like, let's 
say, there are certain sectors on which there's cargo going from Brazil to U.S. and that has kind 
of stopped, that lower demand automatically adjust the freight rates.  
 So the freight rate, which is basically a buying cost for us comes down, and therefore, we are 
any which way is keeping the same margin, able to pass on a lower cost to the customer as well. 
So, to a large extent, we are not impacted by any additional negotiation. And as you see, over 
the last three quarters, I was just mentioning, we have remained absolutely consistent on the 
yield, which is U.S. dollars that we make on every cubic meter or USD that we make on every 
TEU. That's broadly my perspective. Jan, do you want to add to that? 
Jan Lasthues: Yes, I think what is important to understand as well. So these tariffs always are hitting only one 
trade lane, right? So if we are talking new tariffs, China to the U.S., so, well, this is one trade 
line which will be hit by it. But let's say China to Europe is still running well, China into Asia is 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 13 
running well. So for us, it's quite important when there are new tariffs is not hitting the global 
trade, it's hitting the trade to the U.S., sure the U.S. is one of the biggest trading partners of many, 
many countries. But I think it's important to keep in mind, and that's a clear advantage on us as 
ECU, Allcargo that we are a global trading or forwarding or transport company, logistics 
companies. So we are trading with all and all countries. So that means if one trade lane is a bit 
weaker, all the others are still remaining, and we still can grow and we are growing on other 
trade lanes and also make good money there. So this is quite important, right? If we talk about 
tariffs, is hitting everything coming to the U.S., but the rest of the world is still trading at a 
normal pattern. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Understood. And just a last question about our advantage of ECU360 App and how much we 
can garner door to door service and take a more wallet share from the customer? 
Jan Lasthues: Yes. So I think with ECU360, I think we developed something quite unique in the environment, 
especially in the environment of being a neutral partner for many of the other logistics 
companies. With ECU360, with a push of a button, you can get the pricing from door to door all 
over the world. And so I think this is something where we gained already a lot of business, but 
our plan is even to gain more business. So that's why we extended it now, not only for our core 
LCL business, so the less container load, but now we also extended it on the FCL business, so 
the full container load. So we are expecting another big push there to grow our FCL volume 
significantly by having this offer on ECU360. So making quotations easier from door to door, 
so not only earning on the sea freight part, so on the port-to-port, but really earning additional 
GP on the first leg and last leg and all the value-added services around.  
 But ECU360 6 is really helping us to get there because it makes, for our customers, very easy to 
get a quotation and as well to give us a transport order for those goods. So I think it’s a clear 
advantage. And well, I am now, well, more than 25 years in this industry and I know a lot of 
companies who tried to develop something similar to have a fully online quotation tool, not only 
quotation tool but also the whole interaction with customers digitalized. And I think we with 
ECU really make a step forward with this. This is really a great tool which can deliver a lot of 
extra revenue, and now have this extended to full container loads will make a difference. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Okay. Got it. And how is the listing process expected for this post-restructuring time line, if you 
can share, if it is revised? 
Ravi Jakhar: What’s that, on the listing of the --  
Vikram Suryavanshi: Demerger, yes. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes, yes. So basically, we have our hearing today, this is the final hearing which was scheduled. 
However, we believe that NCLT has been significantly occupied, and we should now get a 
hearing date next month. And we expect that in that hearing or maybe in September or latest 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 13 
October, we expect the matter to conclude then the demerger can be get effective. And then it 
may take a couple of months for the listing process to follow. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Got it. Thanks for the update. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ravi Jakhar for closing comments. Please go ahead.  
 Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management is disconnected, please hold while we 
reconnect them again.  
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being on hold. The line for the management is now 
reconnected. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: Yes. Thank you for your patience and staying back. Unfortunately, line got disconnected. But I 
would like to thank you again for joining us on the call. And we will keep you posted about all 
the developments on a monthly and a quarterly basis. We believe in best disclosures to make our 
investors and analysts more aware about our business and understanding as well. I would 
encourage everyone to come back with questions to our Investor Relations team with your 
suggestions with any more information or data that you believe might be helpful in better 
understanding of the company. Over the last few years, we have always tried to incorporate as 
much details as possible and therefore we encourage you to come back with your suggestions 
on how you can understand the business better. And we will keep you posted about how the 
business is going and also on the corporate action developments such as the demerger. Thank 
you once again for joining the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Allcargo Logistics, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  