[[PAGE 1]]
3rd May 2021 
BSE Limited 
Phi raze Jeejeebjoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532622 
~"') J3] 
GATE\VAY 
DlSTRIPAkKS ITf). 
Company No. 532622 / GDL 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Trading Symbol: GDL 
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts held on 27 April 2021 
Ref: Our communication dated 18 April 2021 & 27 April 2021 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call held on 27 April 2021. 
Kindly take the information on record . 
Yours faithfully, 
For GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
Company Secretary 
-------- -------- -------- ----- --- ------ ------------ ----
GATEWAY DISTR[PARKS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Sector 6, Dronagiri, Taluka Uran, Disoict Raigad, Navi Murnbai - 400 707, Maharashtra, India 
T +91 22 2724 6500 F +91 222724 6538 E gd1C£~@gateway-distriparks.com VV www.gareway-distriparks.com 
CINL74899MIi1994PIA:164024 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Gateway Distriparks Limited and Snowman 
Logistics Limited 
Q4 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2021 
 
 
 
 
      
  
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain w ords which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the co nference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
[[PAGE 3]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PREM KISHAN GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS 
LIMITED 
MR. ISHAAN GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
MR. SAMVID GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GATEWAY RAIL FREIGHT LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN BHANUSHALI – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - GATEWAY RAIL FREIGHT 
LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP KUMAR SHAW – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ SINGH – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT - 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
MR. NANDAN CHOPRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND COMPANY SECRETARY - GATEWAY RAIL FREIGHT 
LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL NAIR –DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER - SNOWMAN LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. A.M SUNDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
SNOWMAN LOGISTICS LIMITED 
[[PAGE 4]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Moderator: Good evening ladies and gentleme n and a very warm welcome to the Gateway Distriparks 
Limited Q4 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us tod ay on the call, Mr. 
Prem Kishan Gupta – Chairman and Managing Director, Gateway Distriparks Limited; Mr. 
Ishaan Gupta – Joint Managing Dir ector, Gateway Distriparks Lim ited; Mr. Samvid Gupta 
– Joint Managing Director, Gateway Rail Freight Limited, Mr. Sa chin Bhanushali – 
Director and CEO, Gateway Rail Freight Limited; Mr. Sandeep Kum ar Shaw – CFO 
Gateway Distriparks Li mited; Mr. Manoj Si ngh – Senior Vice Pres ident, Gateway 
Distriparks Limited; Mr. Nandan Chopra – CFO and Company Secret ary, Gateway Rail 
Freight Limited; Mr. Sunil Nair – Director and CEO, Snowman Log istics Limited and Mr. 
A.M Sundar – CFO, Snowman Logistics Limited. This conference call may contain forward 
looking statements about the company, which are based on the be liefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance  and involve risks and uncertai n t i e s  t h a t  a r e  d i f f i c u l t  t o  
predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the li sten-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operato r by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being  recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Prem Kishan Gupta. Thank you and over to you Mr. Gupta! 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Thank you. Good evening and a warm welcome to all the partici pants to the post results 
earnings call of Gateway Group. I hope everyone of you are safe  and are taking all the 
precautionary measures considering second wave of COVID-19. We have uploaded our 
results, press release, and presentation on stock exchanges as well as company website. I 
hope you had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 Considering the state of the e conomy during the last financial  year, which we have just 
closed our performance was good, we have also utilized this per iod to strengthen our 
balance sheet and have reduced our net debt by Rs.237 Crores to  R s . 4 4 3  C r o r e s  a s  
compared to Rs. 681 Crores in March 2020. The strengthening of balance sheet has enabled 
us to speed up our next round of capex and capitalizing the gro wth opportunities. With the 
inauguration of Rewari - Madar s ection of Western Dedicated Fre ight Corridor in January 
2021 we have experienced an impr ovement in operating efficiency ,  W D F C  w h i c h  i s  t h e  
Western Dedicated Freight Corridor can bring in for a leader le ading integrated intermodal 
logistics facilitator like us who have its ICDs strategically l ocated to WDFC alignment. We 
expect that all the sections of the WDFC should be completed by end of calendar year 2021 
or early 2022. We have also initiated corporate structure reorg anization during the year, 
which will help us bringing further operating synergies and efficiencies for the group. SEBI 
and stock exchanges approval have come in and the NCLT proceedi ngs have started. With 
the sustained improvement in performance for last few quarters the cash flows are healthy 
[[PAGE 5]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 22 
and the Board of Directors have approved Rs.5 per share as firs t interim dividend for 
FY2022. 
 Here I would like to add further you know that during the last  year we performed well in 
spite of the COVID-related issues and we have come out strongly from that and we are now 
prepared to service the industry through the second wave and in  April the volumes are good 
enough and going forward we still have a visibility of both in export and import directions, 
barring if something does not improve on the COVID situation we are prepared with all our 
warehousing facilities, all our container yards and domestic co ntainers in both rail and road 
capabilities and all of these activities coming in essential services, we are there for servicing 
even though this COVID situation in the last two weeks have rea ched a alarming situation. 
In Snowman Logistics we have had good results and the new e-com merce vertical of the 
company is growing very fast. Our  new projects at Siliguri and Coimbatore are under 
construction and capacity is being expanded at our current faci lities of Mumbai and 
Krishnapatnam. We have plans to take our capacity to 2,00,000 p ellets in the next three 
years where capex of roughly Rs.400 Crores, which will be fresh  equity as well as internal 
accruals. With this I will now hand the floor for questions and  answers session. Feel free to 
ask anything and the entire management is there to answer your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answe r session. The first 
question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: Congratulations on very good se t of numbers. Sir my question is on EBITDA per TEU so 
you are especially in the rail b usiness, so your EBITDA per TEU  has been very strong 
almost now Rs.10000 so how should I think about these numbers i s it the new normal or is 
there some kind of one-off efficiency gain, etc., there which can go back? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Good afternoon to you, thank you, very pertinent observation.  Quickly two things there is 
that the improvement in EBITDA is primarily driven by the volumes of Q3, Q4, which have 
been very robust as compared to our previous average numbers, t his is driven by both 
improvement in exports as well as increase in appetite for impo rts in India. It has also 
resulted into reduction in the imbalance between imports and ex ports. There is a limited 
window availability of a rebate, which has been given by Indian  Railways up to April 30, 
2021, which includes 5% rebate on laden rail haulage charges and 25% rebate on the empty 
wagons and empty contai ner haulage charges, which have contribu ted in part to this. The 
primary dissection of this number would give you basically three level advantage, reduction 
in imbalance, increase in the double stack as a part of the tot al volume of business done and 
third is operating leverage on account of higher volumes in Q3 and Q4 where the number 
has actually got concentrated. So a part of it is new normal I think and part of it needs to be 
discounted in view of withdrawal of the 5% and 25% rebate being  given by Indian 
Railways on laden and empty haulage charges is likely to get wi thdrawn from May 1, 2021 
[[PAGE 6]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 22 
though we are trying very hard that in the interest of the heal th of the industry this should 
continue for at least one more year up to end of the current fi scal. We are hopeful that we 
should be able to get the benefit  extended at least by six mont hs initially, but we will know 
it only closer to the withdrawal date and as of now we cannot s peculate on the basis of that. 
So if you look at the per TEU EBITDA number I would suggest you  to water it down a 
little bit in the event of this benefit having been withdrawn. So going forward two things 
which are going to drive is going to be total volume in a quart er the entire year and if we 
consider H2 as a new normal as  far as import, export into India  is concerned wherein we 
have been able to increase our market share in NCR market by 11 % and we have actually 
ceded ground to competition in Ludhiana business where the mode ls were quite 
compressed, this has also resulte d into improvement in per TEU margin if this continues 
and if we have a normal GDP projecting growth, which at present  may be seems a little 
questionable in view of the sec ond wave of COVID numbers then w e should be able to 
maintain say somewhere around Rs.8000 per TEU going forward. 
Atul Tiwari: So if these results go away but the volume sustain roughly th e new numbers would be Rs. 
8000 in that? 
Sachin Bhanushali: That is right. 
Atul Tiwari: Just the last one, did we book any SEIS income either in rail  business or CFS business in 
FY2021 and if something pending? 
Sachin Bhanushali: No there is no SEIS income whi ch has not booked in the current fiscal period. 
Atul Tiwari: So but if some part pending to be received or it is done and nothing will be received in 
either of the businesses going on? 
Sachin Bhanushali: As far as the rail business is concerned out of the window of  five years we have received it 
for three years and after that the issue whether we are entitle d to it for rail transportation or 
not has been raised by the office of the Additional Directorate  General of Foreign Trade, 
which has been contested and which we believe we are on the right side not only of the law, 
but we should be able to state our claim rightfully to that mon ey going forward even if it 
means going by way of litigation.  The balance two years the ben efit would be considered 
only on the basis of actual receipt of the money not on the basis of accruals and we are quite 
in readiness as far as our applications are concerned we are ye t to file these applications, so 
three out of five years we have received two out of these five years is still with a question 
mark on it, a part of that we are certain we will get the rail transportation part of it. 
Atul Tiwari: Great thanks a lot and congrats again on very strong set of n umbers. 
[[PAGE 7]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade  from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: Congratulations for the great  performance. My first question is with respect to volumes in 
the opening remarks Mr. Gupta indicated there is a better volum e visibility now, so my 
question is since COVID wave could have an impact on the volume momentum is there any 
risk to that and number two was there any impact with respect t o Suez Canal issue on the 
container volumes for the industry as well as us in the quarter gone by? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: What has happened is as far as Suez Canal is concerned there were some ships, which were 
rerouted and there were some ships, which were held back, now s lowly and gradually they 
are arriving in the ports, so whereas the CFS or the ICD a litt le drop in the month of April 
will be compensated as there will be more volumes in the month of May. If the COVID 
situation effect prolongs then there is a reason for worry, but  as of now the pipeline that we 
have in both in imports and expo rts is quite good, it will drop  if the manufacturing activity 
goes down in the near, so both exports and imports will suffer but I think whatever is ready 
is being exported and whatever is in pipeline will arrive in In dia after June, so from that 
point of view the first quarter w e can say for the great certai nty that volumes will be there, 
but if these lockdowns and the C OVID situation escalates then g oing forward it will be a 
tough time for everyone not only for Gateway, but the entire in dustry and the country will 
suffer on that account. 
Achal Lohade: What has been the capacity utilization for Garhi Harsaru, and  Ludhiana and Faridabad 
terminal for FY2021 as a whole? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Let us look at each terminal individually.Garhi Harsaru we di d 106,000 TEUs with our 
capacity of roughly let us say about 200,000 TEUs so we are ope rating at about 52% of the 
terminal capacity. Ludhiana we did about 72,750 where our avera ge capacity, which is 
installed capacity as of now, wo uld be on the order of about 15 0,000 so there also we are 
operating at about 50%. Faridaba d terminal we did 43,000 TEUs w ith a capacity of about 
60,000 already established so the re our utilization is slightly  higher 71%. On the whole if 
we look at our rail transportation capacity then we have operat ed roughly at about 90% of 
the capacity because for a large part of Q1 and Q2 we had to mo thball our capacity by 
stabling our trains because there was a sudden drop in exports initially later on imports and 
some kind of balancing took place in Q1 first three months and Q2 the first month so April, 
May, June, July we had surplus capacity so that is why the rail  capacity utilization across 
the year would be of the order of about 90%. 
Achal Lohade: But post that it is close to that? 
[[PAGE 8]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Ishaan Gupta: Just want to add one point to what Sachin said that our termi nal capacity is in fact in our 
control in the sense that in order to have the presence at thes e locations one has to buy the 
land before, so we invested with a view in mind that we will on ly develop as and when the 
capacity goes up because you cannot buy land in the future. So the capacity Sachin is 
mentioning is only the installe d capacity we have undeveloped l and also and the installed 
capacity it is not capex intensive it is only laying of buildin g the warehouses, so we do that 
as and when we see the business there. So especially with WDFC in mind we are keeping a 
close eye of when will section start and when our volumes will grow that is the time when 
we will further increase our installed capacity for the terminal side. 
Achal Lohade: That is helpful thank you so m uch Ishaan. Another question I had is in terms of the market 
share you talked about 11%-point improvement in market share ju st wanted to get for the 
full year FY2021 what has been the market share for each of the  terminal or the pocket as 
you indicating fully Sir? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So in the interest of time I will give you the gross numbers here, Gateway Rail NCR 
volumes were 150,000 TEUs this year as compared to 135,000 TEUs  last year so that is 
roughly 11% improvement in our N CR business, as far as the term inal wise numbers I will 
give those to you offline after the conference. 
Achal Lohade: Sure, that is helpful Sir and just one last question on the D FC clarification on that so you 
are mentioning that the entire stretch of DFC, which you mean J NPT, which will get 
connected by in CY2021 or just the port Gujarat State you are indicating Sir? 
Sachin Bhanushali: No, as of now we are talking only about Rewari to Palanpur DF C, in fact the dedicated 
freight corridor phase III, which  is from Vadodara to Nhava She va is not even being 
discussed because there are lot of ifs and buts there as far as  land acquisition and 
completion of that project is concerned, so what Mr. Gupta ment ioned was essentially only 
Rewari to Palanpur. 
Achal Lohade: Accordingly the ports also get connected by time? 
Sachin Bhanushali: The port will be connected by only feeder routes so the dedic ated freight corridor capability 
of running 25 tonne axle load at 100 kilometers per hour if app roved by RDSO will 
available only on the front betw een Rewari to Palanpur beyond P alanpur it is old 
infrastructure, which is undergoing improvement track structure  to bring the capacity to 
transport from 23 tonne axle load to 25 tonne axle load, which is going to take some time, 
conversion of single line into double line across the entire se ction from Palanpur via 
Samakhiali to Mundra port via Ga ndhidham, which is also underwa y ,  w h i c h  m a y  t a k e  
another year and electrification of that route, which is also l ikely to be over only by March 
2022 so even if the dedicated freight corridor becomes fully op erational we will not have 
[[PAGE 9]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 22 
the advantage of operating on dedicated freight corridor on the  entire stretch between Garhi 
Harsaru to Mundra port it will be available only between Garhi Harsaru to Palanpur. 
Achal Lohade: Got it this is helpful Sir. Thank you all the best. I will co me back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Kuma r from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: My first question is we have mentioned in our press release t hat in both segments CFS and 
Rail we did like record volumes CFS at around 34,000 TEUs, rail  is at 26,000, just to 
quantify we should expect a similar number like in April like r ecord number and like in 
overall 1Q we should remain stable that is what we have mentioned right? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: See let us now take one month April because one is this Suez Canal delays so let us talk 
about the whole quarter. So for t he first quarter that is the c urrent quarter what we have 
received and what is in pipeline and pendency at the ports wher e ICDs it is quite 
encouraging in a sense that irrespective of the COVID situation  these volumes will go out 
in case of exports and will come in as imports. Going forward a s I said in my opening 
remarks that all depending on running of the industries in Indi a and as well as so that some 
of the industries are also dependent on the import component no t only for automobile but 
many industries have users, raw ma terial, consumables which are  imported and similarly 
the exports which if the local i ndustry is suffered and this is  not manufactured for any 
reason then only we can see some drop going forward, but this quarter seems to be okay. 
Prateek Kumar: I was saying that we have sta rted operating on a small route of DFC how is the efficiency 
there versus our normal route railway route, which we were running on, secondly how is the 
speed of train changed in Q4 versus Q3 in terms of overall operations? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Prateek it needs to be taken with a little pinch of salt beca use though the dedicated freight 
corridor was inaugurated on January 7, 2021 by running the pyth on formation of CONCOR 
and Gateway Rail train, all the traffic have not shifted to ded icated freight corridor yet 
because a large amount of signal and telecom work, which is nec essary for smooth 
operation of train services during daylight and nighttime is ye t to be completed even on the 
Ateli-Madar section. So as of now  there are on l y four pa irs , w hich are being operated in 
either direction only during daytime and it is not all trains o f a particular operator are 
getting operated on dedicated freight corridor so from a speed of trains point of view we 
have not seen any improvement over Q1, Q2, Q3 the reason for th at being Q1, Q2, Q3 also 
did not have a competition from the passenger services on the c onventional network 
wherein an average run time between Mundra Port and Garhi Harsa ru had already come 
down from 66 hours to say about 40 hours and currently we are o perating say somewhere 
around 44 to 48 hours of run time for Mundra Port and Pipavav p ort respectively this will 
[[PAGE 10]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 22 
continue until the Palanpur sec tion gets commissioned and Palan pur-Rewari section in 
either direction is used for operating all trains only then the true benefit will start coming in, 
so I think it is still a few months away and there is not a gre at visibility as far as our 
interaction with the dedicated freight corridor as far as it is  concerned number one, number 
two is that the picture has fu rther got obfuscated on account o f the COVID cases rising 
second time around the second wave  resulting into practically a ll work on dedicated freight 
corridor having come to a stop currently. 
Prateek Kumar: But based on last guidance , December 2021 looks positive for at least Palanpur route? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, we are hopeful that by December shifting of all business  so let us say from a say 
declaring it open point of view w e may see an event, which will  result into inauguration of 
the Palanpur-Madar section taking place they already run train in one direction whereas in 
the other direction the work is yet to be completed so all that  may happen, but for the entire 
traffic to be operated on the de dicated freight corridor betwee n Rewari to Palanpur I think 
we will have to wait until December 2021 if not March 2022. 
Prateek Kumar: One question on QIP of Snowman Logistics where are we in the process and when are we 
expected to complete the fund raise? 
Ishaan Gupta: We have some of our investors who are interested but at the s ame time due to the second 
wave and onset of COVID there was a lot of fluctuations so the process is taking longer, so 
we are still expecting to close this soon and amount that we ar e looking at is going to be 
around Rs. 200 to 250 Crores, so like we mentioned earlier our capex plan, which we are 
going forward, which is for a total of Rs. 400 Crores for bring ing a value capacity to 
200,000 in the next three years and that Rs. 200 Crores will be  partly from the fresh equity 
and the rest would be through our internal accruals itself, whi ch we are very confident that 
the need would be met so the idea is to expand in locations whe re either we are not present 
or where our customers are even though there is a strong pull coming from our customers to 
expand capacity, at the same time we have started this dedicate d warehouse business 
creating fulfillment centers so e-commerce companies mainly Amazon, which is a very high 
margin business and that can be scaled up quite quickly because  we are leasing existing 
driver or even converting them and the third thing is that in t he pharma side we are seeing a 
lot of this so keeping COVID distribution aside which we have s tarted in a small way right 
now because major chunk is expected only in a couple of months when full private 
distribution in this import star ting efforts, which are going t o covert to domestic 
manufacturing later, but if you keep that aside also other prod ucts in the pharma business 
have really picked up and people are looking for the organized sector to transport various 
things like blood plasma, other d ifferent vaccines, APIs, bulk drugs, so all of that, so that is 
also part of the capex plan. 
[[PAGE 11]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Prateek Kumar: Thanks I will get back. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parimal Mith ani from Credential 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: This is related to Snowman Logi stics Sir. I just wanted to kn ow why the transport verticals 
showing loss since last few quarters and secondly in terms of t he vaccine distribution 
currently for which states you are distributing? 
Sunil Nair: Our transportation has been showing loss for last one year be cause of the increasing fuel 
cost and we could not pass on everything to our customers and a lso with the restrictions so 
that started from last March lots of vehicles who are not able to move because the overall 
movement of goods were restricted other than the essentials, so in the month of April, May, 
June almost 50% of the fleet were idle, so there has been a lot  of downtime because of that 
and that is the main reason why it is showing a negative result , but at EBITDA level we 
have still maintained in the last two quarters and for the furt her expansions we have now 
come up with a technology platform where we are aggregating the  market vehicles from 
various small vendors and offering an end-to-end solution to ou r customers, so that is 
helping us a little bit of derisking at the same time it is ben efiting the customers as well as 
the vendors who as of now is not getting adequate business and we are able to help them 
out. So that is for the transportation I am sorry I forgot your second question. 
Parimal Mithani: The second question was in terms of the vaccine distribution for the COVID have you tied 
up with any FDCs or you are not yet in the process of it? 
Sunil Nair: So as of now vaccine distribution is happening in a very, ver y small volume and as of now 
there are only two vaccines, which are being distributed Covish ield and Covaxin and they 
are mostly going by air, so whatever to the airport and from th e airport there we are playing 
some roles, this is typically t ie-ups with the state governments and some movements within 
the state also is something which we have done. We hope that once this is made open as it is 
announced now and once other brands also come in and start dist ributing in the country 
there should be a lot of volume and that is when we actually pl ay a role in terms of storing 
and transporting whether it is imported vaccines or it is something which is manufactured in 
India so the bulk requirement, bulk demand has to be there and bulk supply has to be there 
for companies like us to play so me role and we hope that by mid  of May there should be 
some such volumes starting. 
Parimal Mithani: Any queries regarding that? 
Sunil Nair: Queries? 
[[PAGE 12]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Parimal Mithani: Any queries currently on that front Sir? 
Sunil Nair: So we are discussing with lot of manufacturing companies the brands which are already 
there wants to enter India basis the permissions and the pricin g so we have already 
developed two model one model if they manufacture in India how the distribution should 
happen to every nook and corner of the country and if they impo rt to begin with they would 
like to import and by the time they organize the production so how that should take place, 
so we are in advanced stage of discussion with some of them, yes. 
Parimal Mithani: Question is mainly this Rs. 250  Crores is towards the Snowman  Logistics if I understand 
correctly and how do you plan to utilize this going ahead becau se I think in capacity wise 
you are sufficiently covered if I am not mistaken? 
Sunil Nair: No, so see we are present at 15 locations now and in the next  few months we will be in 17 
locations out of this 10 locatio ns are 100% utilized and even t o take care of the organic 
growth of our existing customers who are there in these 10 loca tions we have to expand, so 
there has be investment in terms of the capacity creation not o nly that our top verticals like 
pharma, which is our focus as of now and e-commerce are growing  at the rate of 20%, 25% 
CAGR and the other verticals like Ice Cream and QSR also is gro wing at 15% CAGR, so 
we have to create capacities to tap that business and so that is what we are creating this fund 
for. 
Parimal Mithani: Thanks for answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwa l from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir a few questions on the rail as well as on the 
CFS side, so starting with the rail obviously margin expansion has been pretty encouraging 
but just wanted your sense on the overall competitive intensity  given that CONCOR had 
already taken a short increase at TKD and have we taken a paral lel increase on our 
realization because if I look at our blended realization this q uarter broadly looks largely 
intact and is there any volume led benefit there because of this pricing differential? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Thanks for your questions and a very pertinent observation. T he increase which has been 
taken by CONCOR is primarily driven by the increase in the land  license fee that they are 
going to pay at the Tughlakabad terminal, so I have nothing to say either in defense or 
otherwise of that, but the marke t largely has stayed away from a similar increase in price 
because it is both not warranted as well as it is an opportunit y to improve a competitive 
advantage in favor of the private operators. So we are seeing l argely unreacted space as far 
as this new additional levy is co ncerned and as we mentioned in  our remarks the growth of 
[[PAGE 13]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 22 
11.1% in NCR market is primarily driven by this advantage while  the NCR market itself 
has shrunk by 5% during this period. So we would like to keep t hat and on a per TEU basis 
our performance has been I would say reasonably shown not only reasonable improvement 
but has shown stability across Q2, Q3, Q4, so from a competitiv e intensity point of view 
two observations one is that we have seen from price action by CONCOR in NCR market 
and at the same time the overall numbers addressed by the indus try particularly in Punjab, 
North India including NCR is concerned since there is a good demand the surplus of supply 
over demand has not driven the prices down, so there is no more  a great competition to 
reduce prices by giving more dis count to customers, so that is where we stand as far as the 
competitive intensity is concerned. I hope that addresses what you had asked for. 
Ankur Periwal: Sure Sir. If I got you right no further increase in competiti ve intensity especially Ludhiana 
and in NCR because of the prici ng differential there is a volum e gain for us, but what will 
be the broad let us say apple-to-apple pricing differential now  between let us say you and 
CONCOR may be TKD Mundra versus Garhi Mundra? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Okay so the differentials primarily are in import direction w e would not compare export 
direction. Import direction the differentials does not actually  get translated in the same 
numbers as import freight charged by us to the shipping line or  by containers corporation to 
shipping like because what the cu stomer ends up paying is what the shipping lines charge 
them by way of inland haulage ch arges, which is an all inclusiv e price and that is where all 
locations except Tughlakabad in NCR have always had a marginal to a greater advantage 
vis-à-vis CONCOR, but because CONCOR has been an old facility a nd it is easier to get 
cargo claims to customs processes t h e r e ,  w h i c h  a r e  n o t  a s  i n t e nse as other locations. 
Tughlakabad has been attracting lot of cargo, so the competitio n is not play in price 
competitions it is beyond that and that continues even after the increase of Rs.5000 per TEU 
has been taken by CONCOR. 
Ankur Periwal: Sir second on the CFS side, now I am referring the last two q uarters wherein the margins 
have probably more stabilized and even from a volume perspectiv e, so what is your thought 
there because historically we have seen the impact of DPD there  on our volumes as well as 
realizations, in the first half there was a benefit of higher dwell time there because of which 
the margin sort of shorter, but now things are normalizing, do we expect Q4 volumes as a 
base case volumes there or proba bly it is still sometime for fu rther volume growth here and 
also another question related to  it is Punjab Conware any thoug ht there because the facility 
will be coming up for renewal so any thoughts on both volume as  well as on the margins 
profile 
Samvid Gupta: So somewhere Q3 and Q4 would be good volumes, March are excep tionally higher 
volumes slightly, but overall we are looking at around say 30,0 00 to 32,000 per month in 
the CFS business, margins have stabilized it is about 2,900 to 3,000 per TEU EBITDA that 
[[PAGE 14]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 22 
is an improvement over last year,  this is mainly due to increas e in products like we are also 
adding value added service and last mile transportation is something that we are focusing on 
now and also doing more focus on LCL cargo, which is higher rev enue margin for us. On 
DPD it has been at around 50% for the last two years now and we  do not see it is growing 
further and Punjab Conware you have mentioned so we are waiting for the tenders from the 
government so our current contract, which is February 2022 when  the tender comes out we 
will be participating in that. 
Ankur Periwal: Sure that is helpful and if I may squeeze in one more. Just o n the rail side, we had earlier 
plans of expanding into satellit e terminals, but last FY2021 ha s  b e e n  l a r g e l y  a  C O V I D  
impacted year and now given our balance sheet also is in a good  condition as well as the 
overall profitability, etc., impr ovement is also there across t he board any thought there or 
any timelines which you like to share? Thank you. 
Ishaan Gupta: Yes, we were saying that in the rail business that is the are a where we want to expand and 
where we are in line to along the western dedicated freight cor ridor have satellite terminals 
which feed into existing network, which will give us a competit ive advantage as compared 
to people without hub and spoke t hat they will have to service the ports directly from those 
locations, so currently what we estimate we have a plan of roug hly Rs. 200 Crores in the 
current financial year for expanding into the NCR region and go ing ahead we will plan 
based on the final National Logistics Policy, which is expected  anytime, the draft is already 
circulated and based on that policy we will strategize and then  choose our next locations 
and accordingly figure out how much capex we need to do. 
Ankur Periwal: Just one clarification on this you mentioned Rs. 200 Crores F Y2022 this will be for two 
satellite terminals, which will be connecting to NCR? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Ankur just to make clear we we re looking for the National Log istics Policy, in the 
meantime there are some acquisition opportunities so we are loo king at some more 
acquisitions this year, which will be in the range of say Rs. 1 25 or Rs. 150 to Rs. 200 
Crores and then depending on the national logistics policy we w ill be decide on the location 
because there are some concerns for new ICD locations, which we  have taken up with the 
government so when it comes in the final shape then only we can decide on the location. 
Ankur Periwal: That is helpful Mr. Gupta. Tha nk you and all the best, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdh er from Green Capital Single 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: My question pertains to trans portation services in relation t o vaccine and plasma, now you 
mentioned before in the snapshot I just like to go ahead deeper  into it, is the tie-up only 
[[PAGE 15]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 22 
related to Bharat Biotech and Covaxin distribution or it is als o related to Covishield and 
Serum Institute tie-ups and my second part is, is it also going  to be the company look at 
opportunities like oxygen concent rators and distribution of tha t through logistics, if you 
could just talk a little bit more about the vaccines rollout and the demand uptake on that? 
Ishaan Gupta: Firstly I would just like to point out that unfortunately we would not be in a position to give 
you all the information because we have certain confidentiality  agreements, which we have 
to adhere by with the manufacturers and the government, but we share with you what we 
can at this stage. So currently we are working with both the go vernment and the 
manufacturers, in some instances  for example Tamil Nadu and Pun jab it is through to state 
government and there we are doing distribution of whichever vac cine they want us to 
distribute. Apart from that we have tied-up with all the manufacturers whether it is domestic 
or imported we are in advanced stage of talks with many of them  and we already do 
business with many of them for other products. Now there will be two aspects to this, one is 
the current domestic distribution so there we are doing from the airport and to the airport for 
multiple cities for example in Delhi we are doing it or Chandig arh, Kolkata a few others. 
Then on top of that there will be now import requirement they c ombined with between 
Gateway and Snowman we can give end-to-end solutions and that is what we are discussing 
with the manufacturers. Most of them have long-term plans of manufacturing in India either 
at their own plant or through partner plant, but until we do th at we will be importing 
something, so we will be handling end-to-end from the import ar rival to the distribution to 
the end center. 
Nitin Shakdher: My second question was I could have missed this out, but post  January at least on the 
exchange intimations I could not see anything on the buyback af ter this is there anything 
that I am missing out and where ar e we exactly on that process and if you could just 
highlight that I seemed to have lost the track on that? 
Ishaan Gupta: There is no buyback in any of our group companies. 
Nitin Shakdher: One on snowman l ogistics announced? 
Ishaan Gupta: There was QIP, which we are under the process but there is no  buyback. 
Nitin Shakdher: Okay thank you so much for clar ification. Thank you all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krupashankar  NJ from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 16]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Krupashankar NJ: Most of my questions have been  answered. I just had one quest ion on the DFC part just 
wanted to understand the DFC connectivity to the Pipavav port i s it estimated to be earlier 
than the Mundra connectivity? 
Sachin Bhanushali: So the connectivity is not going to be port specific it is li ke a bypass surgery only between 
Rewari and Palanpur where the c onventional tracks beyond Palanp ur when it goes to 
Viramgam, when it goes to Pipavav it is Palanpur, Viramgam, Sur endra Nagar into Pipavav 
port continues to be the same part of it is double line part of  it is single line will get 
converted into electr ic traction but will n ever probably be upg raded to 25 ton axle load 
because the kind of volume that is carried on that route does n ot warrant that kind of 
additional investment. The branching takes place at Palanpur th e Mundra port route also 
includes partly double stack part ly single stack existing diese l load, which is getting 
converted into entirely double line up to Gandhidham with electrification, which is going to 
take about a year or so. So it is not correct to say whether an y port will get the dedicated 
freight corridor connectivity first  or later, all the trains, w hich are going to run to Mundra 
Port and Pipavav Port from NCR, w ill be operated on dedicated f reight corridor in both the 
direction once it is commissioned fully between the Rewari and Palanpur. 
Krupashankar NJ: Yes Sir but just one thing, which I wanted to get clarified i s that I think in the previous 
conference call it was mentioned that the infrastructure upgrad e, which is happening on the 
Palanpur to Pipavav is happening  faster than the Palanpur to Mu ndra section which is why 
perhaps the commissioning to the Pipavav port might be faster? 
Sachin Bhanushali Probably I ha ve not been able to express myself completely in our earlier call. The quantum 
of conversion of single line into double line is much less beca use the entire section is not 
going to get converted into double line on the Pipavav route wh ereas in case of Mundra 
route the work which is required to be done of converting singl e line into double line is 
much higher number one, number tw o is that electrification of P ipavav route is almost 
complete whereas electrificatio n of Mundra route is not yet com plete and the upgradation 
part is likely to take place only on Mundra port and that is th e reason why Mundra port 
complete upgradation to the feeder route level matching that of  dedicated freight corridor is 
going to take longer but that is not going to result in to any impediment of operating the 
double stack train on the current platform of modified BLC wago ns with carrying capacity 
of up to 68 tonnes will continue to be unhampered even without the dedicated freight 
corridor. 
Krupashankar NJ: That is very helpful Sir. My second question was on capex sid e you did mention about Rs. 
200 Crores for the satellite terminal can we expect any additio nal maintenance capex or 
major capex in the CFS side? 
[[PAGE 17]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Samvid Gupta: On the CFS side we do not really need much maintenance capex may be just some 
replacement of vehicles, but tha t could be under Rs. 5 Crores t he total capex for the next 
year. 
Krupashankar NJ: On the rail side the maintenance capex that we required? 
Samvid Gupta: Again not too much except for replacement of vehicles but tha t is slightly larger so maybe 
around Rs. 20-30 Crores including the vehicles platform yard work. 
Sachin Bhanushali: And a few warehous ing facilities. 
Ishaan Gupta: Yes. 
Krupashankar NJ: So our plan to return rakes ba sed on the operating efficiency which is generated on the DFC 
on a staggered manner is that plan still on Sir? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, actually it is not just our  plan to return the least tra ins so we have eight trains taken 
from GATX and Touax (inaudible) 52:36 and starting year 2021 th e end of 2021 calendar 
we will be able to return one train the plan was to replace exi sting BLC trains with the 
BLCS platform, which is a 100 t onne gross weight wagon which is  25 tonne axle load, 
which will increase our carrying capacity payload capacity from  existing 68 tonne limit to 
75 tonne, which will again help us in taking more 40 ft contain er on top of 20 ft containers 
improving the concentration of s aving the freight haulage charg es, but as of now the BLCS 
wagon is not yet available, a fe w rakes have been bought by som e operators those were not 
commissioned for a period of six months. On April 14, 2021 one train has been operated but 
it is being operated at a reduced carrying capacity instead of 25 it has been carried at 23 
tonnes, which is more or less s imilar to the 22.9 tonnes, which  is carried on modified BLC 
wagon and is operated at 65 kilo meters per hour, which is much less than 100 kilometers 
per hour which is the modified BLC speed, so at present we do n ot have any plan of 
inducting any BLCS wagon in lieu of our modified BLC wagon by w ay of exchange, the 
reduction in capacity would also start when over a period of ti me it gets established that the 
dedicated freight corridor opera tions have stabilized and there fore our existing fleet of 31 
trains can either do more or to do our existing level of volume  will need lesser number of 
our trains so we will have to wait and see probably we may retu rn one or two trains, but we 
will make up our mind in terms of timelines both in terms of re duction of the fleet size as 
well as replacement of modified BLC with BLCS wagon rake only o n the basis of our 
actual experience more playing it by the new ear rather than planning it in advance. 
Krupashankar NJ: Very helpful. Thanks a l ot and all the best sir. 
[[PAGE 18]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Jajoo  from Tycoon Mindset. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Jajoo: My question is for the Snowman Logistics and Mr. Sunil I just want to get to know how are 
you looking at the profitability of the business for the near f uture because since the last 
four, five years we are EBITDA positive but coming onto the net  profit level the debt and 
the bit of depreciation just taking out to the negative profit or sort of negative loss so how 
are you looking to improve this side of the business like how a re you planning to improve 
that part and the profitability part of the business? 
Sunil Nair: When it comes to debt part our net debt is Rs. 40 Crores and the Rs. 70 Crores debt that we 
had taken for the expansion for last year out of that we have o nly availed 50% so far, so 
debt wise I think we are fine. When it comes to the profitabili ty yes there has been a stress 
primarily because of last one year’s COVID and even prior to th at there were issues in sea 
food industry, but with the changes in the business model that we talked about in the earlier 
questions where our focus is more on e-commerce where typically the capex involvement is 
less and there is a lot of value add activities and hence our value proposition to the customer 
is much better and so is our profitability. So one derisking fr om the regular model and 
moving into this new thing is s omething which is helping us and  in case of transportation 
which actually pulls down the profitability of the company we have now started adding a lot 
of leased vehicles where the ove rall risk of fleet management i s not on us we are 
responsible for the business generation but not the fleet manag ement and that has helped us 
a little bit of derisking further and that has an assured profi t in that business where the 
technology platform gives transparency to the vendor as well as to the customers and we are 
there in-between managing the overall transaction so that is nu mber two and the overall 
pharma vertical which has a bette r profitability as compared to  s om e of the othe r s ectors  
that is the third thing that we are doing, so we realize that t hree, four years sticking to that 
model would not work and these a re the new things that we are d oing. As far as short-term 
is concerned it is very difficult to commit anything depending on the situation today. 
Vishal Jajoo: On a longer note with this current situation are we expecting  more growth to be coming 
from that e-commerce side at Am azon and all and are we getting both warehousing and 
transportation both f acilities from the Amazon side and what ar e the profitability margins 
we are expecting for the transportation side because our transp ortation usually get some 
losses so from the e-commerce side do we expect that our transp ortation margins will also 
be improved or only it will be majorly from the warehouse side? 
Sunil Nair: So in the e-commerce side our responsibility is only to reach  it to the hub we do not go and 
deliver at home so with that thing in mind our warehousing port ion is considerably higher 
than the transport portion so it should be 80:20 ratio and the transportation pricing is quite 
[[PAGE 19]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 22 
clean there and it is completely transparent with respect to fluctuating fuel price so there is a 
positive margin there. 
Vishal Jajoo: It will be like we will see a reduction in volatility of that  margin side from the 
transportation as well right? 
Sunil Nair: Correct yes. 
Vishal Jajoo: One part from the COVID as well so Sir are we getting current ly more traction in the 
warehousing side or on the transportation side like which you c an just give the clarity not 
exactly numbers side but if you can  just give the clarity are w e getting more on 
warehousing side or in the transportation side in the future be cause the volume has not been 
increased of COVID as of now so in future are we eyeing more fu rther warehousing side or 
on the transportation side? 
Sunil Nair: Since it has to reach the nook and corner of the country both  are very important but when it 
comes to overall revenue mix or the demand mix usually transpor tation will be higher 
because this is a high velocity product it would not stay in th e warehouse for long and 
hence the transportation requirements are higher. 
Vishal Jajoo: As of now are we seeing profit s for transportation, are we go ing in profit or there is like a 
bit of a profit and loss both going on the same side as per the state-to-state? 
Sunil Nair: You are talking about COVID vaccine? 
Vishal Jajoo: Yes for vaccine. 
Sunil Nair: So we have done very, very sma ll volume because everything is  moving by air and there 
very small 10, 12, 15 boxes so I do not think we can consider t hat as profit or loss model it 
is quite negligible volume, so once it starts moving by road then we can. 
Vishal Jajoo: One data point if you can give right currently what is our e- commerce revenue share out of 
the total revenue? 
Sunil Nair: So with our run rate it is at 6% now. 
Vishal Jajoo: In future what are we expectin g for the next three to five years? 
Sunil Nair: We are expecting 12% this year. 
Vishal Jajoo: Okay and in future over longer period are you expecting this share to go ahead around 20% 
to 30% in the next three to five years? 
[[PAGE 20]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Sunil Nair: We expect it to go to 15% to 18% because we will be expanding  on other portions also so 
percentage wise it may remain at 15%, but in terms of the absol ute number it will go 100% 
year-on-year. 
Vishal Jajoo: That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is  from the line of Vipul Shah f rom Sumangal Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipul Shah: Congratulations for good set of numbers. I would like to have  your views on the debt 
trajectory of the consolidated entity over the next two, three years, we are generating 
reasonably good cash flows so will it be used to pare down the debt or as of mentioned any 
acquisitions are planned? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: See as of now if you look at the next two, three years most o f our debt will be paid except 
for the long-term loans for proj ects and when we acquire someth ing or we build something 
new we will take on the long-term loans, there will be standard  loans from the banks and 
not something like NCDs, which we raised for the acquisition of Blackstone shares. 
Ishaan Gupta: So if you talk about the NCDs we  have a very comfortable repa yment schedule now, but 
even that we are planning to prepay if you are seeing our track  record from the Rs. 550 
Crores that we raised of NCDs except for Rs. 20 Crores, which w e paid on April 7, 2021 on 
the due date the rest of it we have prepaid quite in advance an d similarly going ahead we 
want to pay down the debt because of higher cost compared to re gular. On projects we will 
continue to take bank debt whenever we can because those will b e at attractive rates are 
well within our capability of servicing debt. 
Vipul Shah: How much NCDs are outstanding s ir and what is the interest rate they carry? 
Ishaan Gupta: Rs. 280 Crores is outstanding out of Rs. 550 Crores, the inte r e s t  r a t e  o f  1 1 . 5 %  w i t h  a  
repayment schedule of Rs. 50 Crores per year from next year. 
Vipul Shah: But you have the option to p repay if we get the cash flow? 
Prem Kishan Gupta: Yes we will have some options to prepay next year not this ye ar, this year we try to prepay 
it but NCD holders did not agree  so that is why there was cash surplus in the company and 
we have declared a dividend of Rs.5 today. 
Ishaan Gupta: Our philosophy  has been to be very conservative  on the debt side and the reaso n why we 
took these NCDs was for gaining 100% or close to 100% of our Ga teway Rail subsidiary 
and the benefits of that we can see from this year results onwa rds, so we think that we 
[[PAGE 21]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 22 
bought the shares at a good valuation and going ahead only debt  which we will be taking it 
for expansion of other things, so we will always be very comfortable on the debt side. 
Vipul Shah: Okay sir thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav from I-Wealth Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Pranav: I just had two questions; firstly earlier in the call you wer e telling us that regarding the 
EBITDA per TEU you said that most of it is sustainable so how m uch of it would be 
affected because of the haulage charges and what could be taken as a sustainable number? 
Sachin Bhanushali: If you refer to my earlier answer I had said that Rs.8000 is a steady state new normal that 
we can consider, considering that the volume of business will continue to be at Q3, Q4 level 
and the component of laden haulage charges rebate of 5% is roug hly of the order of about 
Rs.500 per TEU so that is someth ing which we are expecting you will get extended from 
May 1, 2021 onwards at least for a period of six months, eight months for a year and we are 
working hard towards that, but i f that does not happen then the re will be a paring of the 
reduction of EBITDA margin by th at amount, the other components  primarily come from 
higher volume resulting into operating leverage as well as impr oved trade balance situation 
to leading to reduce unit cost of underframe running. 
Pranav: Okay so you are saying that the current Rs. 10,000 has been c ome down to Rs. 8,000 is the 
haulage charges, the haulage charges are not going as of what we are going as of now? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Yes, so I am talking about on an annualized basis if you look  at the annualized number is 
not Rs. 10,000 annualized number is what one needs to keep in m ind so the new normal for 
the annualized number can be considered to be about Rs.8,000. 
Pranav: Sir just one last question would be in the tax rate sir we ha ve been paying lower tax for the 
last two quarters so what is the reason and how we look at it? 
Sachin Bhanushali: Nandan would you like to take it? 
Nandan Chopra: This is mainly because of the 80IA benefit available to the c ompany. So presently we are 
being charged at the MAT rate and basically MAT can be carried over to 15 years and after 
that 80IA period is over this MAT credit will be offsetted agai n the normal payment of the 
tax. 
Pranav: So what would be the tax r ate you have been charged? 
[[PAGE 22]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Nandan Chopra: So the MAT is chargeable at 17.5% but the MAT is carried over  to the subsequent years to 
be offsetted when the normal rate of tax rate come into picture. 
Pranav: So for the whole year it will  be around 7.5% is my understanding right? 
Nandan Chopra: Over 17.5%. 
Samvid Gupta: We have another 8 years left out of 80IA benefit and then aft er that the MAT credit can be 
utilized. 
Pranav: So this 17.5% will be continued for the next 8 year? 
Samvid Gupta: Yes. 
Pranav: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the last question from Preet Nagarsheth fr om Wealth Finance 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Preet Nagarsheth: Sir just wanted to better und erstand the kind of impact that is on the ground in terms of road 
versus rail, so I think there has been a shift in some business  from road to rail so if you can 
just share some color on how tha t is playing out and how that c ould accelerate once the 
DFCs are in place? 
Sachin Bhanushali: It is a little complex subject so as far as road versus rail business is concerned the classical 
distinction is the road to CFS a nd the rail to ICD business is the vertical split of the 
intermodal business, which arise at the port is concerned, this  is done normally in the 
import direction, export direction also there is an element of cargo, which goes either in 
containers or in trucks all the way from northern hinterland in to the port, port side CFSs by 
road and gets converted into containers only in the port side C FSs, over such a longer 
distance there is always a market place which creates an advant age in favor of a particular 
moment being undertaken by road. For instance rice exports and yarn exports taking place 
from lower Punjab areas southern Punjab area into Mundra port h ave always been going by 
road on account of shorter transit time, lighter weight as well  as imbalance in the transport 
movement between Gujarat and Punj ab. The movement from Gujarat to Punjab is heavier 
as compared to Punjab to Gujarat has been lighter and that is w hy as marginal cost many 
road operators carry this business. Second lever which operates  is the shipping lines 
willingness to bring this cargo in intermodal condition that me ans in container as condition 
into the hinterland ICD they bring only as much imports into th e hinterland as can be 
evacuated by them by way of expor ts so as to improve the earnin g per TEU as well as 
reduce their turnaround time so the se two things play an import ant role, but it creates 
[[PAGE 23]]
   Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Snowman Logistics Limited 
April 27, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 22 
confidence in the minds of both importer as well as shipping li nes if the transit times reduce 
and transit time settle at a certain level, so service level as surance is something which plays 
an important role here and that is what is being going to be br ought in by the dedicated 
freight corridor so earlier there used to be a time duration of  up to 72 hours without there 
being any reliability of service  so the maxima in case of trans portation of containers by rail 
from drop over Pipavav port into northern hinterland has someti mes been on the order of 
220 hours which is almost like 10 days, 9 days this uncertainty  will go down on account of 
capacity generated by dedicated  freight corridor and once that kind of confidence sets in 
both the turnaround time will also come down as well as unique cost of service also will 
come down and because of that the likelihood of large number of  business being handled in 
CFSs in Mundra port and Pipavav port area particularly Mundra p ort area is likely to shift 
into hinterland as ICD business and that is where the double di git growth of the rail 
transportation business between W est Coast port is expected onc e the dedicated freight 
corridor from Rewari to Palanpur is fully commissioned in both directions. 
Preet Nagarsheth: Thank you. Thank you for sharing that. 
Moderator: Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. Participants 
have missed out due to time constraints they can reach out to the management and SGA. On 
behalf of Gateway Distriparks Li mited that concludes this confe rence. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 