[page 1]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- L72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
Date: February 12, 2026 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai -400001    
Scrip Code: 544614 
                                      
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza , Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -4000051 
Symbol: CAPILLARY 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Subject: Announcement under Regulation 30 of the  SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - Earnings Call - Financial 
Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call 
with analysts and investors held on Friday, February 06, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also  being made available on the website of the Company and can 
be accessed at the following link:  https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/finances-
and-reports/investor-overview/transcripts/  
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited 
 
 
 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A17091 
Place: Bengaluru 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Capillary Technologies India Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANEESH REDDY BODDU – FOUNDER, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. ANANT CHOUBEY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA 
LIMITED 
 MR. SUNIL JAIN – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. RISHI JHUNJHUNWALA – IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Good evening everyone. We welcome you all to Capillary Technologies India Limited Earnings 
Call to discuss the Q3 FY26 Financial Results . Please note that a copy of  the disclosure is 
available on the investor section of the website as well as the stock exchange. Please also note 
that anything said on this call which reflects the outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces. 
 Now, I shall hand over the call to Mr. Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Capital to take this forward. 
Over to you Rishi.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Thanks a lot, Kanav. Hello and good evening everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I welcome 
you all for the Q3 FY26 earnings call of Capillary Technologies. To give you some in -depth 
understanding of the company and answer all your queries regarding the results, we have with 
us from the management side Mr. Aneesh Reddy Boddu, Founder, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Anant Choubey, Executive Director, CFO and COO; and Mr. Sunil Jain, Head of Corporate 
Development. With that, I would hand over the call to Aneesh to take you guys through the 
presentation. Thank you and over to you, Aneesh.  
Aneesh Reddy: Thanks Rishi. Thanks everyone for joining us today for our first earnings call and thanks for the 
support during the IPO and the months since then. I thought it'd be good to start today with a 
quick introduction on the business for some of the newer folks who are joining on call. As 
Capillary, we play in the loyalty and customer engagement space. We are global leaders at what 
we do. So what is loyalty? 
 Loyalty is typically any kind of a long-term customer retention type mechanism. So for example, 
Indigo is a customer of ours. If you've flown Indigo recently, you know, they ask you if you've 
signed up for BluChip and they welcome BluChip members on the flight before it takes off. You 
earn BluChips and then you can redeem them for your next flight and things like that. 
 So any kind of a long -term retention mechanic where there is an earn and then there's a burn, 
there's all kinds of tiers and rewards and things like that, th at's typically loyalty. And what we 
have is a platform that helps large enterprises globally run their loyalty programs. It's a fully 
cloud-native solution, a lot of AI in the stack there. 
 The way we monetize is it's  long-term subscription contracts, usually three, five, seven years 
annual subscriptions that customers sign up for and typically linked to number of customers on 
the platform or number of members in the loyalty program or number of loyalty transactions that 
are coming to us. 
 So we're fairly well-regarded by all analysts in the space, whether it's a Forrester, a Gartner or 
you know, Everest or any of them. Some clients that might for  good recall are Aditya Birla 
Group, Abbott, Asics, Metro Cash & Ca rry. Some of these are global. Abbott and Metro are 
across,  Abbott is across 15 countries, Metro is across Europe . So in terms of presence of the 
company, we today work with about 410 brands, about 1 15 odd customers, 20 of them are 
Fortune 500 customers. 
[page 4]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 Lots of scale on the platform, about 1.8 billion consumer profiles on the platform for the 
customers that work for us. Very, very high uptime, five nines. It's very enterprise class. 
Customers across about 47 countries. We're a total of about 700 folks across 16 global offices.  
 Moving ahead, I thought it'd be good to spend some time on this. This is the latest Forrester 
Wave that came out in December of 2025. As you know, Forrester is the leading analyst on the 
marketing technology side. As you can see, as Capillary, we are positioned right at the top. We 
are the highest rated amongst the top 14-15 vendors, both on the strength of our current offering 
as well as the strength of strategy on what we want to build and some of that. 
 Now again, the way Forrester does this evaluation is they typically go to their CMOs every 18 
months, figure out what are the criteria that CMOs are looking for on the loyalty management 
side. This time they had 27 criteria, last time they had 28. And in those 27, the y typically give 
you a score of 1, 3 or 5. 3 is if you are at par, 5 is if you are better than market and if some 
customers are willing to say that, you know, you're actually better than market. And 1 is if you 
are subpar. 
 So if you look at the ratings th is time, for 22 out of the 27 criteria we had a 5 on 5. What they 
also talk about in the deeper brief, there's almost a page about us, it's a very detailed report in 
that sense. They talk about our AI -first approach. They talk about our aiRA and some of th at 
stuff being way ahead of what the rest of the market is at. 
 You know, they talk about of course the five nine uptime, very high security and privacy pieces, 
the enterprise-grade tech stack that we have. And finally, I think in terms of customer reviews  
and stuff, the 5 on 5 score in 22 criteria as we spoke is also reflected in the Customer Favourite 
designation in what Forrester has put out there. Now why is this important? 
 So typically if you're a Fortune 2000 CMO in US or Europe, you typically tend t o have a 
Forrester or a Gartner subscription and before you want to do anything, you typically go look at 
the report or call an analyst and you know, tell them that look, we are thinking of reviving our  
platform or getting to a new platform or changing something on loyalty, who should we talk to? 
 So this gives you a direct access into some of these very large enterprise conversations. Moving 
forward, just a minute on the products and what we do. We basically help brands stay connected 
with their customers, have a long -term loyalty and retention mechani c. In short, we help them 
stay consumer ready as the consumer goes through their journeys. 
 So our main product is the Loyalty stack. A good majority of our revenues come from the 
Loyalty stack. This is where we are best -of-breed,  as you saw on the Forrester Wave. The rest 
of the products, Engage, Insights and Rewards are more extensions o f the Loyalty stack. 
Typically, customers buy our loyalty product and then they buy these as additional products, 
adds to our net retention rate, adds to our stickiness. 
 And finally, we have an AI product which runs across all our products, we call it aiRA, short for 
AI-powered Research Assistant. Helps you do a bunch of things, I'll cover a little bit more about 
that in a slide ahead. What we tend to do is our product also acts as like the single source of truth 
for a lot of the customer data. 
[page 5]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 So we end up integrating with all the various parts of wherever there's a customer touchpoint, 
could be a POS, could be an e-commerce, could be mobile apps, a lot of kiosks if you are a QSR 
type play, etc. wherever there's customer data, could be customer NPS, and get all of that data 
in one place. So that's one part of the use case. Although we don't monetize the CDP as much, 
it's just the base platform on which the whole product is based. That's on the product.  
 Moving forward, you know, we spoke about this part in our RHP and DRHP filing. I just wanted 
to very quickly touch on what drives growth and what drives profitability for us. There's really 
three axes of growth for the business. The first and most  profitable one is net retention rate. So 
which is how much are our existing customers expanding on the platform? 
 So if you take the recent results, our NRR for the entire business has been 111%. If you look at, 
again, the split of this 111%, 115%  just the organic customers, which is customers who are on 
the Capillary platform and not on platforms where we've acquired and we're migrating them 
over. That set is today at 115% organic expansion.  
Again, how does that organic expansion come? Really , three l evers. The first is platform 
overages, you use more than what you've been put in the contract for, you pay us additionally 
per transaction or per member. There's an inflationary clause where every year you pay us a few 
percentage points more on the base fee itself. That's the first NRR expansion piece.  
The second is typically customers start with a certain version of the loyalty platform and keep 
upgrading as they need more or, you know, they end up buying the Engage+ stack or the 
Insights+ stack or aiRA or something. So that's the second.  
Third is, as you saw, a lot of our customers are large conglomerates or large multinationals and 
they tend to take us from one country to the next, or if they're working with X number of brands, 
they add one more brand and that adds to, that's the category third of our expansion. This -we've 
seen good organic NRR.  
On the inorganic NRR, what typically happens is as we migrate customers from what we have 
bought, the platform we've bought onto our platform, we tend to give them a discount or some 
of them decide not to migrate. So that's the 96% NRR. But what this also leads to is as they 
migrate, it improves margins,  which is the intent of doing this.  
The second axis of growth for us is new customer wins. So through the first nine months, we've 
added 12 customers, we've added three in the last quarter. So if you look at new order book in 
that sense, we've added INR  66 crores of new order book over the 9-month period. That 
compares to about INR  53 crores in the same period last year, so there's a good growth on  the 
new order book side as well.  
The third axis of growth is the M&A machine. Again to remind everyone, we buy competitors 
out. So basically, why do we do this? A lot of the very large enterprises already have some kind 
of a provider or a platform that they use and it's a very sticky product because like I showed you 
earlier, there are many integrations.  
[page 6]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
We are very  like there's on an average there's about 9 integrations in a customer and hence even 
if they want to move to a better product, there's sometimes this question of is it worth changing 
all those integrations? So what we've done is we say let's go buy some of these competitors at 
0.5x to 1.5x revenue and migrate those customers over ourselves. So we take the task of 
migrating them over. And that's been a very good growth engine.  
We did our fourth acquisition this year in Kognitiv back in May. We also have a couple of other 
letters of intent on the M& A side that we have in the market right now . So,that's the third axis 
of growth.  
Moving to profitability, again, three big levers for profitability for us. The first is NRR -linked 
margin expansion. So as our existing customers grow, their cost do esn't grow as much, right? 
So the gross margins really  so if you look at even this ,through the first 9 months, we've had 
about 1.5% increase in gross margins in the business.  
The second axis of growth for us is about 60% of our cost are not linked to revenue. So this is 
technology cost, sales and marketing, corporate cost which sit below the gross margin. And these 
don't grow at the pace of revenue , right? So for example, if you take the first nine months, our 
revenues grew at 22% but our n on-COGS cost grew only at 11%. So there's leverage in that 
business that you so as we keep scaling, this part, the 60% of our cost will not grow at the same 
pace as our revenue does.  
So the third axis of growth for us is, like I said, migrating customers that we've bought through 
the M&A over to our platform. Why do we do this? Really , two reasons. First is most of these 
customers that most of these companies that we buy typically tend to be low margin services 
heavy companies at typically a 30% gross margin while the Capillary platform is more at 69%-
70% gross margin, so you directly see a good gross margin bump when you migrate. 
 The second is the below gross margin cost, because it's a common tech platform etc. also as you 
sunset those platforms, you tend to see some leverage come out there. Like for example, the last 
quarter we got done with the Brierley, which was one of the companies that we bought in 2023 
had two platforms, so one of those platforms is fully sunset now. 
 So that's typically this additional cash that gets generated from improved gross margins and not 
having the technology team or some of that, means that it generates extra cash which enable us 
to pay off this half to 1.5x revenue that we pay for these acquisitions in a 4 to 5 year period, 
thereby also making them very high ROC buys in that sense. 
 Moving forward, just spending a couple of minutes on the innovation piece. There's really five 
key layers to our product innovation piece. The first is AI. We'll talk a little bit more about it on 
the next slide as well. I think we're one of the most advanced AI users on the platform. A lot of 
agentic as well as, machine learning type use cases for forecasting, etc. that are there in the 
platform. 
 What we've also done very nicely, moving to the second one is we've said why do you need UIs 
in a platform? So we'll show you some of that. So a lot of the aiRA stuff is actually very 
conversational. So instead of going, learning our platform, a lot of no-code workflows, just type 
[page 7]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
in simple English analytics questions or run this campaign for me and the platform will go do it. 
That's the second part. 
 The third is more and more we seeing that, especially the newer generation of consumers want 
to go beyond points and coupons and things like that. So much more experience -based badges, 
rewards, streaks, milestones, things like that which is more gamification led stuff. That's a good 
part of why we win a lot of new customers from old agencies, clunky tech stacks which aren't 
able to keep up with some of this. 
 Finally, like we spoke, a lot of focus on making migrations, integrations easy because that's the 
big pain point in most customers when they want to move on a platform. What we've also done 
is spent a lot of time on verticals. So it's easy for you to on board the next airline or easy for you 
to on board the next hotel or on board the next healthcare player. 
 Finally, we work with very, very large enterprises, two of the Fortune 10, 20 of the Fortune 500, 
and for them, like enterprise class governance or privacy, etc. are very core , so we spend quite 
a bit of effort on making sure we're as good as the best software platforms available globally on 
these topics. 
 So with that, moving to the AI pieces, I'd strongly encourage you to get onto our website, look 
at some of the demos of aiRA. What we basically done is, there's the workflow pieces and the 
intelligence pieces that are really getting turbo charged with wha t AI is doing a nd that's what 
we've done here. 
 We've basically said, instead of having an analyst or a where you use an analytics company and 
outsource all your analytics to there, the first part of it is saying you ask a question and we will 
tell you, that is the software itself will tell you the intelligence. 
 So we kind of going beyond the usual system of record or the transaction system that we used 
to be and trying to get some of these analytics type use cases onto us. Similarly on  running 
campaigns, running promotions. As you know, Engage+ is not a very large part of our revenue, 
but this is kind of our wedge into marketing automation, saying look, all the data is already here, 
you could just in plain English ask it to run a promotion or ask it to run a campaign. 
 Similarly, a lot of customer support use cases where instead of, there's an API, you send us the 
question and it automatically replies. You don't need an agent  a human agent to sit and solve 
some of these, right? So that's on the AI side. With that, Anant, over to you on the numbers.  
Anant Choubey: Hello everyone, good evening. So here is a quick view of our Q3 and nine months results. So 
for Q3, company did revenue of about INR 184 crores, which is at a 16% year -on-year growth 
versus Q3 FY25. The revenue for the nine months period for FY26 is at about INR 543 crores, 
which is at about 22% year -on-year growth versus same time last year. In terms of adjusted 
EBITDA, for Q3 we saw INR 30 crores of adjusted EBITDA, which is about 24% year-on-year 
growth. 
And the same number for nine months period is INR 71 crores at about 53% growth. In terms of 
PAT, the PAT is at about INR 8 crores, which is about 4% of revenue. And for the nine months 
[page 8]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
period, the PAT stands at about INR9 crores, which is 2%. In terms of the key revenue metrics, 
the way to look at our business, the very first metric to look at is net retention revenue. And for 
the trailing twelve months period for December 2025, the NRR has been 111%. 
If we break this down into organic and inorganic business, the organic business NRR is at 115%. 
And at this number, Capillary would be in the top 10 percentile of the global SaaS companies. 
It's a very healthy place to be in. For the inorganic business, as Aneesh was talking, we see some 
contraction as we migrate customers over to Capillary platform, so we saw an NRR of about 
96% on the inorganic business. 
Another KPI to look at is annual recurring revenue. Given we sign long-term recurring contracts 
with the customers, the trajectory for the business becomes very visible by ARR. So for the nine 
months FY26, the ARR has grown by 21% over March 2025.  
Moving ahead, on the profitability metric, for the Q3 FY26 we saw adjusted EBITDA of INR 
30 crores, which is about 16.4%. And for the same time last year, the adjusted EBITDA was 
INR 24 crores at about 15.3%. For PAT, for Q3 FY26, we saw PAT of INR8 crores, which is 
about 4.3% compared to same time last year, it is a decline from INR 11.4 crores. To explain 
this decline, this year in Q3 we had two one-time costs. 
As you would be aware, there has been a change in the Direct Labour Code, which has resulted 
in a higher one -time gratuity expense that the impact of that we have taken in Q3, that's about 
INR 1.6 crores. And we had IPO expenses of about INR2 crores. If we normalize our PAT for 
these two one-time expenses, the PAT for Q3 FY26 is flat to Q3 FY25. 
The same metric for nine months period, the adjusted EBITDA stands at about INR 71 crores at 
about 13% compared to INR 46 crores, which is at about 10.5%. And PAT stands at about INR 
9 crores at about 1.7% for the nine months period compared to neglig ible number for last year 
at about 0.3%.  
This is a slide which explains the bridge from adjusted EBITDA to PAT. The business for Q3 
FY26 delivered adjusted EBITDA of INR30 crores, while PAT is at about INR 8 crores. Now 
the big part of this difference actually comes from depreciation and amortization, which is about 
INR 19 crores. 
And if we compare these numbers from same time last year, you'd see that same time last year 
we had tax credits and now that Indi a standalone business is also profitable, we have started 
seeing tax expense compared to tax credits in the past. From comparison from Q3 FY25, the 
finance cost as well as the finance income has reduced. 
And ESOP cost has seen a marginal increase of about INR 1.5 crores. This is over INR 88 crores 
of salary expenses is about 1 %-1.5%, so a marginal increase over there. The depreciation and 
amortization has increased from about INR 13 crores a quarter to about INR 19 crores and this 
is largely on back of the acquisition that we did earlier this year, we acquired company called 
Kognitiv in May this year, which has led to increase in the depreciation and amortization. 
[page 9]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
The other factor to look at is our closing cash balance for the quarter has been INR 463 crores. 
And if we look at our nine months operating cash flow, it stands at about INR 101 crores. Now 
the business generates lot more cash. So a good factor to look at over here would be nine months 
operating cash flow as compared to the nine months adjusted EBITDA of about INR 71 crores. 
So that ratio stands at about 142%. 
Now this number is higher in certain quarters and lower in certain quarters, but Capillary as a 
business generates more cash and typically a 105 to 110 is what we see on a sustainable basis. 
A number of INR 142 crores is an anomaly which has happened on back of higher collections. 
With that, we come to the end of the presentation. Happy to open it for Q&A.  
Moderator: So first question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala  from IIFL Capital. Rishi, please go 
ahead.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Three questions from my side. Firstly, you know, Aneesh, what will be helpful is to just get 
some color around the noise that we are seeing or hearing on the last one week on AI, right? I 
mean, there is a plugin release from Anthropic, there is a lot of concern around software and 
SaaS firms globally and how those businesses can be disrupted? 
So it would be great to just get your perspective on how do we see that in the overall scheme of 
things and whether in any way or form our offerings can potentially get either impacted or 
augmented by some of the developments that are happening there? 
Aneesh Reddy: Right. Yes, Rishi, I think it's been a fairly interesting week in terms of AI and all of that. I think 
slightly nuanced answer here. If you ask me, I think all enterprise software is not equal. So I 
would break enterprise software into really three big buckets. So o ne is like a system of record 
or a transaction system, So something like a core ERP or a core loyalty platform or a core POS, 
right, a billing system, things like that, where they're actually like systems of record where, you 
know, I think the not much of like you can move from one system of record to the next, but you 
still need a system of record. 
So and then you have another enterprise software system which is like a workflow, right? Which 
is you're g etting customer tickets, you're answering them. So it's like a workflow type thing, 
which is let's call it a system of engagement or a system of workflow or system of engagement. 
And third is a system of intelligence, right? Which is like all kinds of anal ytics software's or 
things like a Snowflake, Databricks, etc., where the primary use case is to say look, I will do my 
analytics on top of it, I'll do my intelligence on top of it. 
And what's happening with AI is really I think the second bucket, whi ch is the system of 
engagement and the system of intelligence are definitely seeing the most amount of, are seeing 
radical change. Now and as you can see, in a system of workflow humans are getting replaced 
with agents. In a similarly in a system of intell igence, again, you know, if there was someone 
working on data and pulling it out and doing some analytics, et c., that's again getting replaced 
by agents, right? 
So in our case, we tend to be more a system of record and a transaction system in that sense, 
right? So we sit a little bit away. But it provides us an opportunity to enter into these two other 
[page 10]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
spaces, which is the system of engagement and the system of in telligence, which is where we 
are kind of focusing our aiRA stuff on, saying look, instead of a customer going to usually having 
an analytics agency or having analysts pulling out reports. 
Why can't aiRA do it or instead of having someone to run your campa igns for you, just plain 
simple English, why can't aiRA run it, right? So that's the approach we've taken. So I feel we're 
fairly isolated from what's happening there. In fact, some of our more recent wins in the US 
which have been from agencies, customers who used to use a agency like, I don't want to name 
any agencies. 
But and moving over to us, have been because our AI stuff ensures that they don't need as many 
delivery people, they don't need as many analytics folks, right? And most of these agencies bi ll 
for analytics people and delivery people, which is the advantage. The second thing on us is look, 
I think also the change on the AI side is happening faster in the SMB, in the small and medium 
business space than in the enterprise space  because in enter prise there's inherently  a lot of 
integrations, a lot of complexity, a lot of corner cases which are not easy to replace. So again, as 
you know, 97% of our revenues come from very large enterprise customers, so we kind of I'd 
say in a better position there. And finally, where we seeing most amount of disruption on the AI 
side is if you have a seat-based pricing. That you have a call center and there are 50 call center 
agents or sales guys and my pricing is like USD  65 per salesperson, right, l ike a CRMish type 
use case. In our case, our pricing as I said is linked to number of transactions or number of 
customers or number of members, right? So slightly more outcome linked.  And that again 
insulates us from any of these seat-based pricing shocks that you're now seeing in a lot of these 
seat-based pricing type software players. 
Also we believe that unlike what came up with Anthropic and the Claude work, Claude 
Coworker, where it was a very broad use case around legal or a very broad use case around 
accounting or investment analysis, loyalty is very niche, right? So I think there's also a lot of 
very proprietary data that ends up getting generated in a loyalty stack. So I feel we're fairly 
insulated from, you know, in that sense as well. I hope I answered your question on that, Rishi.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yes, thanks, Aneesh. The second question is on  again another concern or noise around what is 
happening in US healthcare payer space. There have been announcement around lack of increase 
in rates, some payer companies are facing a lot of pressure in terms of profitability and that is 
reflected in the stock prices. 
Given that you also catered to one of the large US healthcare payer and that's one of the top five 
clients for you. Can you give some colour in terms of if that impacts you at all and how do we 
think about growth in that account as well as top five in the coming year?  
Aneesh Reddy: Right, so I think that's a great question, Rishi. So first of all, we don't have any exposure to the 
Medicare and the Medicare books of business. So what we do is more for the direct payer which 
is the employer or for insurance type use case. So and hence we've not seen the impact of what's 
happening on the Medicare side. In fact we had some major go-lives. Healthcare is usually a 1-
1, 1st of January cycle. 
[page 11]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Most insurances switch on that day. S o we've had some major go -lives happen on the 1st of 
January this year, which means that our member base for this specific customer  actually gone 
up by roughly 50%. So there's a good bump up on number of members and the revenue that will  
we'll see in through CY26. We similarly, I think our NRR motions are in a pretty good place, so 
hopefully you will see good NRR playing out on the organic platform side even through the 
coming years.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Got it. Thank you. And maybe one question for Anant. So while we have seen EBITDA margin 
expansion year-on-year, there seems to be a sharper increase in our D&A expense and as a result 
EBIT margins have not necessarily expanded at the same pace. Can you elaborate how much of 
that is driven by amortizabl e intangibles coming from acquisition versus a tech and other cost 
that we generally capitalize?  
Anant Choubey: I think that's a great question. Our D&A for as in if I compare this from Q3 last year versus Q3 
this year has gone from about INR 13 crores to about INR 19 crores. Majority of this increase is 
actually coming in from the acquisitio n that we did in May this year. W e acquired company 
called Kognitiv. And that's those acquisitions basically then lead to higher D&A. And given the 
acquisitive nature of the business, that's what we have continued to see in the business, majority 
of it is coming from Kognitiv.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Got it. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: Thank you. So the next question is from the line of Srinivasu  K. Srinivasu you can unmute 
yourself and ask your question and also tell us your organization name.  
Srinivasu K: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for the great set of numbers. My first question is 
you mentioned that most customers start wit h the loyalty stack and then gradually adopt to 
rewards, insights and AI over time. So could you tell us how a typical five-year customer journey 
how it starts and how actually you're converting them into NRR, how it is changing with current 
AI developments?  
Aneesh Reddy: Right. That's a great question again. So typically Srinivasu most of our customers are these very 
large Fortune 2,000 type companies, so they tend to run an RFP. So there's a full at least a six -
month RFP process where they go to someone like a Gartner or a Forrester or to one of these 
loyalty consulting firms or a Deloitte or someone like that and basically go and get a list of who 
should they invite for the RFP.  
There it's a very detailed RFP, RFI, lots of demos, there's a good negotiation that happens at the 
end, sometimes there's a POC and y ou then sign someone up. So you then decide on a vendor. 
So it's a fairly detailed evaluation process that you go through where, while the Forrester Wave 
acts as the thing of saying what are the fea tures they should test you on, people have their own 
requirements so there's a very deep. 
Now typically once you sign someone up, it take s anything between I'd say 3  months to 6-7 
months to go live. And that's actually very fast in a loyalty context, usually people take like two 
years with some of our competitors. And like I mentioned, our pricing is typically linked to 
number of users, number of members on the platform or number of transactions that hit us.  
[page 12]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So when you go live, you typically laun ch the program and so the number of members that are 
on the platform keep increasing every year or the number of transactions that keep coming to us 
keep growing at about 3 %, 4%, 5% every year. So that's the first set of NRR increase that you 
see between year 1 and year 2.  
Then what typically happens is customers launch a program then they say look, we want to do 
badges, we want to do rewards, we want to do like a journey for our customers  or we want to 
use the Engage stack or some of that. That's the seco nd axis . So usually again, this would 
typically happen a year down and we had some good examples in the in the DRHP, RHP about 
customers who have grown significantly with us over the years.  
So if you look at our numbers we've over the last many years demo nstrated a 115% to 121% 
type NRR delivery on the system. So with AI what's happening is it's getting us into like we've 
never done like analytics . Insights is more a dash  boarding tool there that we have, but we've 
never done like analysis on a specific problem that you have. 
So with aiRA, I think we're able to get into that, we've seen some of our very large customers , 
we really love what they're able to do with aiRA. So we quite excited about that. Similarly in a 
lot of cases our customers have like a t hird party who uses our software to run their campaigns 
and things like that.  
So we seeing some use cases there where you might not need as many people to run campaigns 
and like you'll hear a lot that people use SAP for a large enterprise. So you have delivery people 
using and  similarly we have people using our software. So some of that is also an opportunity 
for us, really tapping into this salary TAM for workflow and intelligence in some senses. 
Hopefully that will play into the NRR over the next f ew years. I hope I could answer that for 
you.  
Srinivasu K: Yes, thanks for answering that. My next question is your Forrester Wave report says highest on 
both current offerings as well as strategy. So is it actually translating to win more deals against 
global majors?  
Aneesh Reddy: I think this year we've had a like I said our new order book has gone up from INR  53 crores to 
like INR 66 crores in the same period of the 9 months. So unlike a lot of the other folks where 
you're hearing about like new business slowing down, we are not seeing that as much. So there's 
definitely a positive impact of leads and some of these conversations that we seeing. And 
traditionally Forrester is a really top-of-the-class analyst and a lot of the very large Fortune 50,  
100, 500 customers take them very, very seriously. So it'll definitely help.  
Srinivasu K: Thank you. And my last question is, in your initial remarks when you talked about your AI 
capabilities, you said your aiRA let clients ask questions, even it can ha ndle support, setup .So 
that effectively actually taking over a lot of w hat agencies used to do. So can you share how 
much of your current install base is actively using this AI kind of workflows and do you intend 
to monetize this separately or is it actually planning to upsell to the existing customers?  
Aneesh Reddy: No, we will obviously monetize this actively, but we'll stay in the loyalty space only. I mean the 
idea is not to monetize any of this outside. Today, as you can understa nd AI is fast developing. 
[page 13]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So a lot of these are and we've taken the approach with aiRA to say we will first give the first 
three months as a free pilot.  
So customers start using it, start seeing the value and at the end of three months you then start 
charging them for it. So we now actually in conversations with a few of our first few POCs to 
actually start billing them for an annual license linked to numb er of usage and things like that. 
It's still early days I would say, but we at least have out of our 115 customers today we at least 
have 10 or 15 who are in a POC or a post-POC type place with aiRA now.  
Srinivasu K: Yes. Thanks for answering that. Best of luck for Q4 and next couple of years.  
Aneesh Reddy: Thanks Srinivasu.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Hiral Sanghavi. Please tell us your organization name and 
go ahead.  
Hiral Sanghavi: Yes, I am from Pioneer Investcorp and my question is, I would like to understand the Capillary's 
loyalty platform business model. So , specifically, are these revenue being monetized from 
subscription-led or GMV-linked model?  
Aneesh Reddy: It's a subscription-led model, Hiral. So typically customers sign up with us for 3, 5, more years 
sometimes. And it's an annual recurring subscription fee that you pay us. So it's  typically there's 
a minimum amount that you'll at least pay us linked to , let's say, a X million transactions or X 
million members in the program. 
And as you get beyond that number, let's say, it's 5 million members which is we charging you 
half a million for, just making these numbers up. Once you get beyond that 5 million members, 
you again pay us additionally per member . So it's not a GMV model at all. We don't have any 
parts of the business which is a GMV like model. So and it reflects in our gross margins as well, 
our gross margins are around the 69%-70% now. So it is a high gross margin software business 
in that sense.  
Hiral Sanghavi: All right. Thank you so much. All the best.  
Aneesh Reddy: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thanks, Hiral. The next question is from Nikhil Choudhary. Please tell us your organization 
name and go ahead.  
Nikhil Choudhary: Yes. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. So I actually had a follow on to the 
probably the first participant's question where you answered that we are actually a system of 
record. So I just wanted to understand if , what if an  enterprise actually adopts a maybe an 
Claude-style agents inside their CRM or data with actually the direct access to the customer 
history which we actually have.  So what actually must retain with actually us so as to remain 
the system of record? 
Like, I'm just trying to understand how are we a system of record because I used to always 
understand system of record actually is usually where probably there is like say payroll or 
[page 14]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
probably maybe an accounting transaction where probably an audit is essential. So  just wanted 
to understand how are we a system of record here?  
Aneesh Reddy: Perfect. So Nikhil, the entire ledger for all the earn and burn, how many points you've earned, 
how many points you've redeemed, how many have expired, how many promotion points, bonus 
points, just making an example, that entire ledger like a bank ends up sitting on our side. 
So and that's typically how you would look at a not only this, even for the customer data. Like I 
said, for a lot of our customers we end up integrating into their various customer touchpoints 
and even the customer profile, like we spoke about those 1.8 billion consumer profiles. 
Other than probably 1 out of the 115 in everyone else that customer profile also is kind of built 
on us and sits with us, right? So that's the - like that's typically how you would look at a system 
of record like. Did I answer that for you?  
Nikhil Choudhary: Yes, so I'm just trying to visualize because all this is actually new for us also, we are also trying 
to comprehend. So because I while you came with an IPO I understood that probably you are a 
very like difficult with the switching cost in our business is very high. So I'm just trying to 
connect with probably the current scheme of things how will it impact us and that is why actually 
I had also the similar question. So yes probably- so basically, you mean to say that we have an 
explicit ownership of the loyalty points ledger or probably the maybe the qualification logic or 
something like that?  
Aneesh Reddy: So actually the logic, the logic is defined on our platform. We calculate how many points, 
rewards, cashback, whatever you're getting, the redemption also sits on our platform, the expiry 
also sits on our platform. So all of that, the calculation and the , you know, the actual storing of 
all that data. In fact a lot of our customers audit the system every X years. 
So, it's again like you said, there's a full audit angle to it. There is all of that. Like, it's  think of 
it like any bank ledger . Yes. And it's like actual currency, right? So there's like a lot of our 
programs are like INR  1,000 crores of currency sitting in our platform. So and so it's like 
currency, so it's almost looked at like an active bank ledger in that sense.  
Nikhil Choudhary: Got it, got it. Now this makes it more clear. Thank you so much and wish you all the best.  
Aneesh Reddy: Thanks Nikhil.  
Moderator: Thanks. The next question is from the line of Rohan Nagpal  from Helios Capital . Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Nagpal: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first question I want to ask was, so since 6 0% of your 
cost is fixed, not linked to revenue, how should one think about the scaling of that cost over 
time, like maybe near-term and medium-term? How do you see that moving? 
Aneesh Reddy: Anant, do you want to take that? 
Anant Choubey: Yes, so Rohan as you pointed out about 60% of the cost is non-COGS, which is largely towards 
tech and product and sales and marketing. Now this is the cost which increases more near 
[page 15]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
inflation rate and if we decide to do any new product development. Now this is where we see lot 
of economies of scale. 
As the business grows, this cost is growing at a much lower rate and as we do acquisitions, this 
cost doesn't get impacted at all. And this is where the economies of scale has been coming and 
if you see over the last few years the EBITDA have moved from say in FY  23 from about -4% 
to about 12% in FY '25 and has continued to improve thereafter. Did I answer your question?  
Rohan Nagpal: Fair enough, but I mean how do you see that moving from here on?  Are there any significant 
investments in product or infra that you have planned or do you expect these to sort of move in 
line with inflation? Is there anything that one should be sort of, particularly one should keep in 
mind as a model cost growth over the near to medium term?  
Anant Choubey: So, as Aneesh spoke about, some of the product investments that we've been doing on AI stuff, 
that has been delivering good results and that's been helping improve productivity as well as 
improve productivity within Capillary as well as for our customers. And it is also helping us 
improve our win rates versus competition, given a lot of our competition is more agency driven. 
So that's an investment that we would continue to make. 
The other is investment that we've been doing towards the product for migration of customers, 
migration from a legacy platform onto Capillary platform. So making that lot more smooth and 
painless for our customers and that's something that we have tried wi th some of our earlier 
acquisitions and have been continuing to invest on. So those investments would continue. At 
this point in time, we don't have new products planned, but as and when we plan new products 
we would keep the folks updated.  
Rohan Nagpal:  Okay. So- yes, sorry. 
Aneesh Reddy: Yes, I think from a  sorry go ahead, Rohan. 
Rohan Nagpal: No, no. Sorry, go ahead. 
Aneesh Reddy: Yes. I think from a  like you said , I think inflation plus a few more points for team growth, I 
think that should be a good way to think of this.  
Rohan Nagpal: Okay, understood. And team growth should be like how do you think about that? I'm just trying 
to understand where we are in the pr oduct and business cycle , so to speak. Are we in , like, 
investment phase, are we kind of sweating assets that are already in place? Just trying to get a 
sense of that.  
Aneesh Reddy: So let me  so if you look at our last few years, our technology and Cor p cost used to be about 
28% of revenue. It came down to about 18% for last year and it's on a similar trend now. There's 
definitely a lot more leverage left. I definitely don't want to guide to any number on what   but 
you will see some of these improve. You will like, Anant said, you will see further improvement 
on, like, the below COGS items contribution to like as a percentage of revenue will keep going 
down.  
[page 16]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Rohan Nagpal: Okay, fair enough. And then my second question was around aiRA. So how do you see aiRA in 
terms of its potential to monetize within each user, like have you thought about monetization or   
is it too early in the life of the product to go there?  
Aneesh Reddy: You know actually in my head, like again, we put this as part of the RHP and all that stuff as 
well. Our biggest competitors are agencies . So if you look at the rest of the names on the 
Forrester Wave, I think most of them are agencies . Of course Salesforce is not, but if you look 
at the majority of the names there. And a large part of aiRA for us is really saying if you needed 
30 people in an agency to run loyalty program you will need five on Capillary. 
So the first large part of aiRA for me is even more than just monetizing and just the NRR part, 
it's just improving win rates. It's just a massive differentiator, no agency will do it because it hits 
them harder than for us anyway we don't monetize that right? So I mean we don't have heads 
doing a lot of this stuff. 
So for me at least when we think of the product it's we believe that aiRA is a force multiplier on 
improving our win rates, which is kind of what we are seeing at least in the US right now. Now 
that's the first big use case of aiRA. The second is , of course, look, I think some of these areas 
are slightly newer for us, the whole system of intelligence replacing that with - so we've started 
experimenting with pricing. 
Like I said, it's still early days. Hopefully in a couple of quarters we'll know what's the right way 
to price this, price aiRA, the analytics use case or the delivery use case of campaigns, things like 
that.  
Rohan Nagpal: Okay, okay. So just wanted to check my understanding of this. So right now it's more like helps 
us get a foot in the door proposition as opposed to a helps us nudge NRR higher. Is that fair?  
Aneesh Reddy: So I think it's already proven its value in the first part, which is helping us win more. I won't say 
foot in the door because you're already in the RFP and that's when people love what they see. I 
think the second one like I said, we've had a bunch of POCs . We are in early negotiations on 
converting some of them. So that's the part where there is promise but it's not, I mean we will 
need a quarter or two to actually get to telling you how much of NRR can come from this. 
Rohan Nagpal: Okay. And when you think about the last thing from my end, when you think about this, what 
would success for you look like, in terms of getting a sort of NRR bump from aiRA? Or do you 
have anything like that in mind or again too early? 
Aneesh Reddy: I would say probably a good question to answer in a couple of quarters . So yes. Because it's a 
slightly adjacent TAM which we are dipping into. So even our view has been , let's, which is 
why, like I told you, we've said first give it free for three months. Let's see usage, let's see what 
kind of stuff is happening right? And we seeing a lot of usage, which means people are finding 
value, but a little early. 
Rohan Nagpal: Sure. Okay. That's it from my end. Thank you so much. 
Aneesh Reddy: Thanks Rohan. 
[page 17]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thanks, The next question is from the line of Sumukh. Please go ahead. 
Sumukh: So, sir, you mentioned about agencies and they are your competitors. So can you please explain 
how are they different from what you guys  do? Because I'm new to this industry , so wanted 
some understanding on that.  
Aneesh Reddy: Yes, let me just take you to the Forrester Wave, perfect. So if you look at the top three here, 
there's us then there's a company called Kobie, there's a company ca lled Epsilon. I'd encourage 
you to once just look at the Kobie and the Epsilon side. So these are typically like marketing 
agencies like, they do creative, they do ads, they do all that kind of stuff , and they also tend to 
have a tech platform, but the pri mary model tends to be that we will charge you for X number 
of people to run this program for you.  
While ours is more a, you buying a software, and you use it yourself. That kind of a structure in  
so typically we've now migrated customers from some of these agencies over to us and they tend 
to be very, very, like, each program is run by 30 people. So very, very people heavy, while you 
can do a lot of that stuff with software. So that's the piece that I was saying that, and if you look 
at the US majority of the loyalty space is owned by agencies. So moving to software and some 
of that is relatively newer as a concept in the US. Did I answer that question Sumukh? 
Sumukh: Yes sir, that does. And also, sir, so let's say there is an organization, FMCG organization, so if 
they have to start thinking about running a loyalty program now, and then they come to you. So 
what are the problem points that you're going to solve for them? Is it like you're going to nudge 
the customer to come in and using your analytics or points or whatever to increase the transaction 
value for this FMCG company, or you are just a guy who maintains the ledger and takes care of 
the transaction at the back end? 
So all the like basically if I look at the FMCG website. I can see how many points or how many 
reward points I have, but your software sits at the back end and it only does the ledger part of it 
or is there any analytics and performance basi cally nudging the customer to, increase its 
transaction or that kind of stuff? 
Aneesh Reddy: Right. So let's take the example of Abbott , who is one of our customers who is also on the or 
any FMCG for that matter, typically for a lot of these FMCG companies it's not just the program, 
the frontend interface, right, which could be the mobile app or it could be the website are also 
extensions that come from the Capillary platform. 
 So like, so in these cases it would be , basically helping them come up with the tech platform 
which then the frontend interface like a mobile app where you will have  where the customers 
can first download it, scan a QR code or scan a receipt, earn points or earn rewards etc.. 
Similarly, what we'll also do for a lot of these is , you'd have some kind of a redemption 
mechanism, like where they could redeem those points for a movie ticket or the y could redeem 
those points for, in some cases we run these programs for painters where  you could pay your 
phone bill with it, things like that. 
[page 18]
  Capillary Technologies India Limited 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
So the entire stack ends up coming from there. Now what we allow a lot of the FMCG or these 
kind of companies to do is also retarget those customers saying look, you spend like whatever, 
buy I don't know, 10 tins of paint this month, and here is additional reward that unlocks for you. 
So there's some amount of targeting, some amount of stuff that you can do on the platform, right? 
So in a FMCG use case it's also the frontend which is so yes, that's in that vertical typically you 
don't have a customer, you don't have a retail store or you don't have e-commerce website, right? 
So which is where some of these interfaces also end up coming from our platform. 
Sumukh: Okay, so this is like a standalone app outside the main FMCG app, exclusively for rewards and 
redeeming points? 
Aneesh Reddy: In a lot of use cases , it's the only use case that the FMCG has. So like the Abbott apps are all 
essentially run on the Capillary platform , across these 15 countries including in India. So yes. 
Like there'll be an app for PediaSure, things like that. If you want more, there's some case studies 
on our website. You can take a look. 
Sumukh: Thank you, sir. That's helpful and all the best for your coming quarters. 
Aneesh Reddy: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take that as the last question. Now I'll hand over to Aneesh for his closing 
remarks. Aneesh, please go ahead. 
Aneesh Reddy: Thanks everyone for joining us today and having placed your confidence in us. I'm hoping , we 
can live up to it over the next few quarters, and thanks again. Have a great weekend. 
Moderator: Thanks everyone. 
