[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Date: March 24, 2026 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RAPPID 
 
Sub: Intimation of Completion of Dispatch of Notice of Extra Ordinary General Meeting 
of the Company 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the Notice of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company through Video 
Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM), which is being sent through 
electronic mode today to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the 
Company, Registrar & Transfer Agent or Depositories, in accordance with the MCA Circulars 
and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 November 11, 2024 issued by SEBI. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Rappid Valves (India) Limited 
 
 
__________________________ 
Gaurav Vijay Dalal 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00494466 
 
GAURAV 
VIJAY DALAL
Digitally signed by GAURAV VIJAY DALAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1968, 
2.5.4.20=ad59749a631687b28c56273fd9c4
c9235199205ec0120188a4dc6753c087adf7
, postalCode=400058, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=09f99cd8c7b60d31ed4f859
d0bcf1cdecd5a98ff10e9eb33b7d767d5069
d7e73, cn=GAURAV VIJAY DALAL 
Date: 2026.03.24 15:49:52 +05'30'

[page 2]
 
 
 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
[Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 22(1) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]  
 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the Members of Rappid 
Valves (India) Limited will be held on Thursday, 16th Day of April 2026 at 04:00 P.M. (IST) through 
Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following businesses:  
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ("the Act”) read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules") and other applicable Rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) and pursuant to 
provisions laid down in Chapter IX of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 ("ICDR Regulations"), for the approval of the Members of the 
Company through Postal Ballot for the resolution set out hereinafter. 
 
The Explanatory Statement pertaining to the resolution proposed in this notice setting out all material facts 
and reasons thereof along with Postal Ballot Form is annexed herewith.  
 
The notice is sent to all members/beneficiaries whose names appear on the Record of Depositories as on April 
10, 2026 ('Cut-off date').  
 
Pursuant to rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”), has appointed Mr. 
Bhupendra Dave, Advocate, to act as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot process in a fair and 
transparent manner.  
 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions printed on the Postal Ballot Form, record your 
assent(for) or dissent (against) therein by filling necessary details and signatures at the designated place in 
the Postal Ballot Form and return the same in original duly completed in enclosed self-addressed, Business 
Reply Envelope (if posted in India) so as to reach the Scrutinizer not later than the close of business hours 
i.e., 5.00 P.M. (IST) on April 15, 2026. Please note that Postal Ballot Form(s), received after the said date 
shall be deemed invalid.  
 
With reference to the Rule 20 of Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, facility to its members to exercise their votes by electronic 
voting system. Furthermore, the Company is also providing the remote e-voting facility to its members to 
exercise their votes by electronic voting system. Furthermore, the company has engaged the services of 
National Depository Services Ltd (NSDL) to provide the E-Voting facility. 

[page 3]
 
 
 
 
The instructions for e-voting are annexed to this notice. A reference to Postal Ballot in this notice includes 
votes received electronically (e-voting). 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or any other person authorized by him after completion 
of the scrutiny of Postal Ballots on or before 5:00 P.M on Friday, April 17, 2026 at the Registered Office of 
the company at Genesis Industrial Complex, Plot No 30 & 31, Village Kolgaon, Palghar East, Dist. Palghar, 
Maharashtra 401404. 
 
The Resolutions, if approved will be taken as passed effectively on the date of the declaration of result i.e. 
April 17, 2026  & it will be placed on the website of the Company: www.rappidvalves.in and on the website 
of National Stock Exchange www.nseindia.com along with the Scrutinizer’s Report. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. Variation in terms of Objects of the Issue as stated in prospectus of the Company 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modifications, the following resolution as Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 27 read with Section 13 (8) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 with Rule 3(3) of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 & Rule 
7 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modifications or re-enactments thereof) and other applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013, 
Regulation 32 (1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
all other necessary applicable provisions under SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time and subject to the consent of the Members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter called the 
“Board”) which term shall be deemed to include any duly constituted committee thereof) for the variation 
in utilisation of IPO proceeds within the objects of issue mentioned in the prospectus dated 25 September 
2024 (the “Prospectus”) filed by Company with the Registrar of Companies and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), for the purpose of raising money through IPO to an extent of 
3,040.96 Lacs and subsequent spending of the proceeds, which are as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No 
Object 
as 
Disclosed in the 
Offer 
Document 
Amount 
disclosed 
in the offer 
document. 
Actual 
Utilized 
Amount 
Balance Unutilised 
Amount 
Amount proposed to be 
altered 
within 
the 
objects. 
1. 
Funding 
the 
Capital 
673.11 
308.6 
364.5 
364.51 Lakhs to be used 
for 
working 
capital 

[page 4]
 
 
 
Expenditure for 
Purchase of new 
Plant 
& 
Machineries and 
software. 
requirements. 
2. 
Expenditure of 
renovation 
of 
registered office 
and 
existing 
manufacturing 
unit. 
38.88 
38.88 
- 
- 
3. 
Repayment/ 
prepayment 
of 
all or certain of 
our borrowings 
availed 
1,050 
1,050 
- 
- 
4. 
Pursing 
inorganic 
growth 
initiatives 
through 
acquisitions 
400 
- 
400 
400 Lakhs to be used for 
working 
capital 
requirements. 
5. 
General 
Corporate 
purpose 
542.9 
542.9 
- 
- 
6. 
Issue Expenses 
336.10 
336.10 
- 
- 
Total 
3041.00 
2276.50 
764.5 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to provisions of Section 27 read with Section 13 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and relevant regulations made thereunder consent of the Members be and is hereby 
accorded for utilizing the unutilized amount of Rs. 764.51 Lakhs (Rs. 364.51 Lacs is the unutilised amount 
for “Funding the Capital Expenditure for purchase of new Plant & Machinery and Software” and Rs. 400 
Lacs was reserved earlier for “Pursuing inorganic growth initiatives through acquisitions”) available 
from the IPO proceeds for the purpose of “working capital requirement”. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary to comply with the provisions of Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made there 
under for the time being in force or and any modification or changes implemented during the course of the 

[page 5]
 
 
 
postal ballot and desirable including without limitation, to make modifications, changes, variations, 
alterations or revisions in the matters relating to working capital requirements as it may deem fit, seek 
requisites approvals from the appropriate authorities, appoint consultants, advisors and other agencies. 
 
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors 
                                                                              For Rappid Valves (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                     Sd/- 
Gaurav Vijay Dalal 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN - 00494466 
 
 
 
Place: Palghar      
Date: 21-03-2026 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 6]
 
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-
2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other applicable circulars and 
notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold EGM/AGM through 
Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of 
members at a common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars, EGM shall be conducted 
through VC / OAVM. 
 
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this 
EGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the 
EGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast their votes through e-voting. 
 
3. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The 
facility of participation at the EGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members 
on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% 
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis. 
 
4. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)  the Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its 
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has 
entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member 
using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date of the EGM/AGM will be provided by 
NSDL. 
 

[page 7]
 
 
 
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the 
Notice calling the EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.rappidvalves.in  
 
7. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited www.nseindia.com and the EGM Notice is also available on the website 
of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
8. EGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular issued from time to time. 
  
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on April 13, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on April 15, 2026 at 5:00 
P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose 
names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 
April 10, 2026, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion 
to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being April 10, 
2026. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 

[page 8]
 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities 
in 
demat 
mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For 
OTP 
based 
login 
you 
can 
click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will 
have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On 
the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” 
or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp. 
 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
 

[page 9]
 
 
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities 
in 
demat 
mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi 
/Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-
Voting service providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 

[page 10]
 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities 
in 
demat 
mode) 
login through 
their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon 
logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type 
Helpdesk details 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com 
or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL 
helpdesk 
by 
sending 
a 
request 
at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 

[page 11]
 
 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN 
is 
101456 
then 
user 
ID 
is 
101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 

[page 12]
 
 
 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) 
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent 
to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment 
i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 
digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or 
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User 
ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
 
(ii) 
If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
  
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 

[page 13]
 
 
 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to bhupendra@naavick.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Apeksha Gojamgunde at evoting@nsdl.com.  
 

[page 14]
 
 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of 
the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to investors@rapidvalves.net.  
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investors@rapidvalves.net. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining 
virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile 
number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM 
ARE AS UNDER: 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have 
not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will 
not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting 
on the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
 

[page 15]
 
 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM 
ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting 
system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu 
against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. 
The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will 
be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
  
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is 
therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
investors@rapidvalves.net. The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
 
6. Shareholders who would like to speak during the meeting must register their request with the company, 
Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum first basis depending upon the provision made by Company.   
 
7. Shareholders will receive “speaking serial number” once they mark attendance for the meeting. Other 
shareholders may ask questions to the panellist, via active chat-board during the meeting.   
 
 
8. Please remember speaking serial number and start your conversation with panelist by switching on video 
mode and audio of your device. Shareholders are requested to speak only when moderator of the meeting/ 
management will announce the name and serial number for speaking. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 16]
 
 
 
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors 
                                                                              For Rappid Valves (India) Limited 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                        Sd/ 
Gaurav Vijay Dalal 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN - 00494466 
Place: Palghar      
Date:  21-03-2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 17]
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013. 
Item No. 1:  
The Company had raised funds through Initial Public Offer (“IPO”) and a prospectus dated 25 September 
2024 (“the Prospectus”) was issued in connection with issue of 13,69,800 (Thirteen Lakhs Sixty-Nine 
Thousand Eight Hundred) equity shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) at an issue price of Rs.222/- (Rupees 
Two Hundred and Twenty-Two Only) including securities premium of Rs. 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and 
Twelve Only) aggregating to Rs. 3,040.96 Lakhs 
 
The IPO was undertaken for multiple objects. Set out below are certain objects of the Issue, along with the 
estimated amount proposed to be utilized and the amount still unutilized against each of such objects: 
 
(Amt in Lakhs) 
Sr. 
No. 
Original Object of the 
Issue 
Amount 
as 
mentioned in 
prospectus 
Amount 
Utilised 
Balance 
Unutilised 
Amount 
Amount proposed to 
be altered within the 
objects. 
1 
Funding 
the 
Capital 
Expenditure 
for 
purchase of new Plant & 
Machinery 
and 
Software 
673.11  
(308.6) 
364.51  
364.51 Lakhs to be 
used 
for 
working 
capital requirements. 
2 
Expenditure 
for 
renovation of registered 
office 
and 
existing 
manufacturing unit 
38.88 
(38.88) 
- 
- 
3 
Repayment/ 
prepayment of all or 
certain 
of 
our 
borrowings availed of 
by our Company 
1,050 
(1,050) 
- 
- 
4 
Pursuing 
inorganic 
growth 
initiatives 
through acquisitions 
400 
- 
400  
400 Lakhs to be used 
for working capital 
requirements. 
5 
General 
Corporate 
Purpose 
542.87 
(542.87) 
- 
- 
6. 
Issue Expenses 
336.1 
(336.1) 
 
 
Total 
3040.96 
2276.45 
764.51 
 
 

[page 18]
 
 
 
The particulars of the proposed alteration or change in the objects: The unutilized IPO proceeds of Rs. 
764.51 Lakhs is intended to be utilized for Working Capital Requirements. 
 
The reason for the alteration or change in the objects: 
 
The Company was evaluating various options since it had come up with the Initial public offer (IPO) for the 
acquisition opportunities domestic and internationally however, the Company unable to tap the right 
opportunity or find suitable companies which will complement its growth in the future. 
 
The amount proposed to be utilised for the existing object i.e mentioned in the prospectus: Rs. 764.51 
Lakhs. 
 
The estimated financial impact of the proposed alteration on the earnings and cash flow of the 
Company:  
 
The management of the Company foresees that after the utilization of unutilized proceeds in the aforesaid 
existing object, the earnings and cash flows of the Company would improve in long term. The management 
of the Company is of the view that the proposed variation in terms of the Objects of the Issue will ensure 
optimum utilization of IPO Proceeds and maximize the return on investment for members. 
 
The place from where any interested person may obtain a copy of the notice of resolution to be passed: 
Any interested person may obtain a copy of the notice of the resolution from the registered office of the 
Company at business hours or can access from the Company’s website https://www.rappidvalves.in/  
 
The risk factors pertaining to the new objects: Market conditions, performance of economy at the country 
and global levels, Regulatory controls etc., that may come in future, unforeseen circumstances in spite of 
best efforts. 
 
Post a detailed analysis and a recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors in its meeting 
dated March 21, 2026 accorded its consent to use unutilised amount of Rs. 764.51 Lakhs for the purpose of 
Working Capital Limits. 
 
Further, any variation in the objects for which the prospectus was issued requires approval of the members 
in general meeting by way of special resolution pursuant to section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) and other applicable provisions, if any read with rule 32 of the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 
2014 and rule 7 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, and any other 
applicable rules / regulations / guidelines, if any, prescribed by any other regulatory or statutory authorities. 
 
Accordingly, approval of the Members is sought to vary the objects of the Prospectus issued in connection 
with the Initial Public Offer. Therefore, the Board recommends the Resolution as set out in Item No. 1 for 
approval of the Members as Special Resolution.  

[page 19]
 
 
 
 
The promoter/shareholders in control shall provide an exit opportunity to the dissenting shareholders to the 
proposed resolution subject to the conditions as prescribed in the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018. The Promoters shall also appoint merchant banker, if required to determine 
the said exit offer price in accordance with the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2018. 
 
None of the Directors, KMPs or their relatives is interested or concerned in the above resolution except to the 
extent of their respective shareholdings in the Company, if any. 
 
 
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors 
                                                                              For Rappid Valves (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                        Sd/- 
Gaurav Vijay Dalal 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN - 00494466 
 
 
 
Place: Palghar      
Date: 21-03-2026 
 

