[page 1]
 
 
Date: 18th August 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
2nd Floor, P . J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544310 
 
Subject: Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 under RegulaƟon 34(1) of the SEBI (LisƟng 
ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 34(1) of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and 
Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 (“SEBI LisƟng RegulaƟons”), please ﬁnd enclosed the 
Annual Report along with the NoƟce of the 23rd Annual General MeeƟng of the Company, to be held 
on Wednesday, 10th September 2025 at 12.00 noon (IST), through Video Conferencing / Other Audio- 
Visual Means (“VC / OAVM”) facility in accordance with the applicable circulars issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs and SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India. 
Further, the Annual Report is being sent through electronic mode to those Members (100% 
Shareholding of the Company is in Demat form) whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/ its Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA)/ Depositories. 
The Annual Report containing the AGM NoƟce is also uploaded on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://yashhv.com/ﬁnancial-reports-results. 
You are requested to take the above informaƟon on your records. 
Thanking You, 
For YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED 
 
 
 
TUSHAR J. LAKHMAPURKAR 
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer 
FCS No.- 3809 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
POWER
GROWTH
AMBITION
24.25
ANNUAL REPORT
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
[page 3]
It doesn’t begin with voltage.
It begins with vision.
At Yash Highvoltage® ,
is not pursued- it is engineered.
POWER
l In e very bushing, there’s a handcrafted excellence
l In e
very interaction, a commitment to delivering solutions
l In e
very partnership, a promise to create value for our stakeholders
At Yash Highvoltage® ,
is achieved decisively through deeper integration, smarter systems, and 
a state-of-the-art facility benchmarked to industry best. It is evident in 
the trust of global utilities, our adherence to the world’s most demanding 
manufacturing standards, and our transition from being seen as a 
manufacturer to being relied upon as a strategic partner.
CORPORATE 
INFORMATION
Board of Directors
Mr. Keyur G. Shah, Chairman & Managing Director
Mrs. Twinkle K. Shah, Non-Executive Director
Mr. Rabindra Nath Nayak, Independent Director
Mr. Suril S. Mehta, Independent Director
Mr. Hartmuth Fethke, Non-Executive Director
Chief Finance Officer
Mr. Sumit S. Poddar
Company Secretary
Mr. Tushar J. Lakhmapurkar
Banker
Axis Bank Limited
Statutory Auditors
M/s. Shah Mehta & Bakshi, 
Chartered Accountants, 
Vadodara (FRN: 103824W)
Secretarial Auditors
Kashyap Shah & Co. 
Company Secretaries & 
Insolvency Professionals (IP) 
Vadodara- 390020
Registered Office
84/1B, P .O. Khakharia, Ta., Savli, 
Vadodara, Gujarat, India, 391510
Corporate Office
603, 6th Floor, “Ozone” Complex, 
Sarabhai Compound, 
Dr. Vikram Sarabhai Marg, 
Subhanpura, Vadodara – 390023.
Registrar & Transfer Agent
Bigshare Services Private Limited
Office no S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle, 
Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre,  
Mahakali Cave Road,  Andheri (East), 
Mumbai – 400093. Maharashtra
GROWTH
At Yash Highvoltage® ,
is not a 2030 milestone; it is a mindset. It’s 
the questions we ask today:
AMBITION
l Ho w can we localise what is still imported?
l
Ho
w can backward integration move the sector forward?
l Ho
w can each bushing we produce advance global energy reliability?
This is
Yash Highvoltage®
A company not just adapting to 
energy transition but are contributing 
to shaping it.
l The 1st Indian manufacturer of 25,000 A 
High Current bushing
l A
pproved by all generation, transmission 
and distribution utilities of India
l P ioneered localisation of RIP bushing 
technology in India and achieved 
leadership position
l
P
OWERGRID approved manufacturer 
in India for import substitute of Resin-
Impregnated Paper (RIP) and Resin-
Impregnated Synthetic (RIS) transformer 
bushings
l
Y ash® bushings are installed in all 
nuclear power generation utilities of India
l 1,000+ c
ustomers served over two 
decades
HIGHLIGHTS FROM OUR JOURNEY OF EXCELLENCE:
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
01 Power. Growth. Ambition.
12 Statement from the Chairman's Desk
14 About us
16 Milestones
18 Awards & Recognitions
20 Key Performance Indicators
22 Opportunity Landscape
23 Risk Management
STATUTORY REPORTS
26 Notice
33 Board’s Report
53 Management Discussion and Analysis
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
61 Financial Statements
THE
POWER WITHIN

[page 4]
POWERFUL CAPABILITIES
Yash Highvoltage®’s (Yash Highvoltage® Ltd., Yash Highvoltage® , Yash® , the Company) leadership in the transformer bushings segment 
is the outcome of disciplined capability-building, technological precision, and strategic foresight. Our products power mission-critical 
infrastructure for global utilities and renewable energy innovators- delivering performance, reliability, and compliance.
IN-HOUSE DESIGN EXCELLENCE
l  Highly experienced designers with backgrounds in transformers and substation engineering from leading MNCs
l  Advanced 3D CAD modelling and Finite Element Method (FEM) simulations for precise design analysis
OUR INFRASTRUCTURE: A SHOWCASE OF SUPERIORITY
Our facilities combine scale, precision engineering, controlled clean assembly areas to meet stringent global standards:
l  High-Speed Condenser Core 
Winding Machines: Delivering 
high-yield of condenser cores 
tailored for OIP and high-current 
bushings for precision manufacturing 
and scalable performance across 
critical applications
l  Fully Integrated Oil Storage, Filtration 
and Handling System: Our fully 
integrated oil management facility covers 
raw, processed, and used oil storage with 
online re-filtration for consistent quality
l  Integrated ERP System: From lead generation to after-sales, our fully integrated ERP 
system seamlessly aligns operations ensuring material traceability and rapid response
l  SCADA-Controlled Autoclave Systems: Fully automated vacuum drying and oil impregnation cycle 
management for reliable OIP condenser core processing
l  DSIR Recognized In-house R & D: Our in-house Research and Development unit has been accorded prestigious 
recognition as a Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (SIRO) by the Central Government through the 
Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) underscoring our commitment to advancing innovation and 
excellence in our industry
02 03
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 5]
l  Electrical Testing Capability: High voltage 
(Dry Power Frequency testing) upto 600kV  
|  Partial discharge testing  |  Tangent delta 
(dissipation factor) testing  |  Capacitance 
testing  |  Narrowband DFR (NB DFR) and 
Wideband DFR (WB DFR) for transformer 
bushings rated upto 245 kV
l  Impulse Lab with Capability of 
1500 kVp: Capability for testing 
Lightning Impulse and Chopped/
Switching Impulse as per IEC 
60137:2017, an international 
standard for insulated bushings
l  Additional In-House Type Testing Capability: Temperature rise test  |  Cantilever tests
ADHERENCE TO GLOBAL STANDARDS: FOUNDATION OF GLOBAL TRUST
We adhere to the most stringent international manufacturing norms, like:
l  IEC 60137:2017: Global benchmark for 
insulated bushings above 1,000 V AC / 
1,200 V DC
l  IEEE C57.19.00/01: Standard for 
Performance Characteristics and 
Dimensions for Power Transformer and 
Reactor Bushings up to 1,200 kV for 
North American markets
l  CLS/TS 50458: European standard for 
capacitance graded outdoor bushings 
from 52 kV to 420 kV for oil immersed 
transformers
l  IS/CEA: Indian standard specifications 
and technical parameters for power 
transformers and reactors (66 kV and 
above voltage class) upto 765 kV
l  CSA C88.1-96: Canadian Standard 
Specifications and technical parameters 
for power transformer and reactor 
bushings upto 765 kV
l  NF_C_52-062: French standard for 
shorter tail end and capacitance graded 
outdoor bushings from 52 kV to 420 kV 
for oil immersed transformers
Quality Management Systems:
l  ISO 9001: 2015
l  In process to acquire ISO14001 and 
45001
At Yash® , capability is more than capacity - it is the 
ability to set new benchmarks in quality, reliability, and 
innovation for a world racing towards energy transition
OUR QUALITY: AN UNFLINCHING COMMITMENT
Driven by rigorous audits, meticulous systems, and strategic partnerships, our quality framework is the cornerstone of our enduring 
progress and industry reputation.
l  Controlled Winding and Assembly 
Environments: Dust-free, ambient 
controlled and enclosed bays with 
particulate monitoring to ensure tightly 
regulated winding and assembly process
l  Audit-Ready Quality Systems: Trusted 
by POWERGRID, NTPC, and other global 
leaders, our lean, audit-ready quality 
systems ensure precision engineering of 
bushings for transformers and reactors 
upto 765 kV , consistently meeting the 
highest standards of quality
l  Strategic Vendor Management: We 
prioritise partnerships with reputable 
brands and manufacturers, backed by a 
rigorous approval process that includes 
factory audits, structured quality checks 
and third-party lab testing
l  Robust and Responsible Packaging: 
High-density polyurethane cushioning, 
high-quality pine wood crates, ergonomic 
hinge-latch, and shock-watch labels for 
safe, efficient transport
OUR TESTING: CORNERSTONE TO OUR RELIABILITY
We invest in advanced in-house testing to meet global standards, ensuring performance and reliability across sectors and geographies. 
Our laboratory is accredited with ILAC (NABL) for ISO/IEC 17025-2017 compliance in the discipline of electrical testing of bushings and 
insulating oil testing which demonstrates our rigorous testing procedures meeting industry standards and our commitment to provide 
world-class products from the house of Yash® .
04 05
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 6]
GROWTH: EXPANDING IMPACT,
POWERING PROGRESS
Our engineering expertise, quality assurance, and agile innovation have diversified our products, deepened client trust, and expanded our 
global reach. Continued R&D and operational investments position Yash® as a trusted global partner in transformer bushings.
OUR PRODUCTS: A COMPREHENSIVE OFFERING
OIP CONDENSER BUSHINGS
Our Oil Impregnated Paper 
(OIP) condenser bushings, 
available in various voltage 
and current ratings along 
with customizable insulator 
options, meet all global 
standards and are expertly 
designed for indoor and 
outdoor applications
RIP/RIS CONDENSER 
BUSHINGS
Our RIP/RIS bushings, 
designed for modern power 
systems, ensure long-term 
durability and efficiency, 
making them the ideal choice 
for high-performance, low-
maintenance operations
HIGH CURRENT BUSHINGS
Our High Current Bushings 
are engineered for optimal 
performance in generation 
station transformer 
applications. Designed to 
endure aggressive conditions, 
these bushings are available in 
voltage classes from 24 kV to 
52 kV with current ratings from 
4,000 A to 25,000 A
WALL THROUGH BUSHINGS 
AND OIL TO OIL BUSHINGS
Our extensive range of Oil-
Impregnated Paper (OIP) 
bushings includes condenser-
graded designs for wall-
through applications for indoor 
substations and specialised 
models for oil-to-oil use 
inside transformer cable 
boxes. Both product lines offer 
considerable customisation 
to meet diverse customer 
requirements in India and 
worldwide
OUR RETROFIT SOLUTIONS: A NICHE EDGE
Yash® Retrofit Solutions offer a seamless way to replace aging bushings 
with advanced models tailored for legacy transformer designs. This 
approach extends the service life of existing transformer fleets with minimal 
operational disruption, ensures full compatibility and effectively mitigates 
potential damage. Our widely trusted Retrofit Solutions are interchangeable 
with any international make for OIP-to-OIP , OIP-to-RIP , OIP-to-RIS, SRBP to 
OIP and SRBP to RIP bushings up to 245 kV and 25,000 A.
OUR CUSTOMERS: PARTNERS IN PROGRESS
Our reliable solutions, performance consistency, and customer-centric approach have fostered enduring partnerships across 
a diverse and prestigious client baseof India and an extensive roster of global OEMs, EPCs, and utilities.
 TRANSFORMER OEMs
 END CUSTOMERS
 GLOBAL CUSTOMERS
06 07
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 7]
OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE: POWERING GRIDS ACROSS CONTINENTS
We are a leading Indian manufacturer to develop and supply transformer bushings compliant with IEEE, IEC, CENELEC/EN, IS-CEA, 
CSA and other equivalent global standards for several geographies. Our steadfast commitment to quality and consistency has earned us 
industry-wide recognition and the trust of top-tier clients worldwide-  with over 40,000 products installed across 60+ countries.
GROWTH: EXPANDING IMPACT, POWERING PROGRESS
OUR PERFORMANCE: SCALING NEW PEAKS EVERY YEAR
We have achieved robust financial growth, driven by superior product offerings and rising client trust across both domestic and global 
markets, thereby reinforcing our strategic industry presence.
39.45%* 53.57%* 73.64%* 252.99%**
Revenue growth EBITDA growth Net Profit growth Networth growth
*Growth % provided based on year over year basis
**Year over year growth 34.63% from operations and overall net-worth increased by 252.99% including IPO proceeds.
Our Company, a leader in transformer bushing manufacturing, has grown significantly 
in response to rising global demand for dependable power. We’ve advanced production 
capabilities, deepened partnerships, and broadened our market presence to support this 
energy evolution.
At Yash® , growth is not just about scale- it is about 
strengthening our capability to deliver dependable, 
high-performance solutions wherever power is needed
01 Morocco
02 Mali
03 Senegal
04 Nigeria
05 Congo
06 Zambia
07 South Africa
08 Zimbabwe
09 Tanzania
10 Kenya
11 Ghana
12 Egypt
13 Saudi Arabia
14 Israel
15 Iraq
16 Kuwait
17 Iran
18 UAE
19 Oman
20 Qatar
21 India
22 Nepal
23 Bhutan
24 Bangladesh
25 Malaysia
26 Australia
27 Indonesia
28 Phillipines
29 Taiwan
30 South Korea
31 China
32 Russia
33 Azerbaijan
34 Turkey
35 Slovenia
36 Albania
37 Bulgaria
38 Lebanon
39 Germany
40 Spain
41 UK
42 Italy
01 Canada
02 USA
03 Mexico
04 Venezuela
05 Colombia
06 Ecuador
07 Brazil
08 Peru
09 Bolivia
10 Paraguay
11 Uruguay
12 Chile
13 Argentina
01
02
03
04
05
06
 07
08
 09
10
 11
12
13
01
02
03
04
 05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
 13
14
 15
16
 17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
 36
37
38
39
40
41
42
08 09
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 8]
AMBITION: SCALING WITH PURPOSE
At Yash Highvoltage® , ambition is more than a driving force - it’s a transformative ethos. It shapes our decisions, drives innovation, and 
defines how we create long-term impact. We are charting a bold path toward 2030, driven by operational excellence, strategic investments, 
and global expansion. From manufacturing to markets, our focus is on building scale with purpose and resilience.
GROWTH ACCELERATOR: OUR GREENFIELD FACILITY
Our upcoming state-of-the-art Greenfield plant in Vadodara will play a central role in scaling our operations and enhancing global 
competitiveness.
Metric Detail
Location: Vadodara, Gujarat
Area: 1.6 lakh sq. ft. land; 1.2 lakh sq. ft. built-up
Investment: H90 crore
Commissioning: H2 FY26
Focus: RIP / RIS bushings expansion and backward integration
l  Backward Integration: Localised 
production of RIP/RIS cores (currently 
imported from overseas manufacturers) 
will reduce costs, eliminate import 
dependencies and improve margins
l  Export Growth: The facility unlocks 
export potential for RIP/RIS bushings, 
currently sold only in India. We project 
STRATEGIC IMPACT OF THE NEW FACILITY
3x-4x revenue growth, reaching 
H400-H500 Cr within five years of full-
scale operations
l  Capacity Expansion: Manufacturing 
capacity will increase by ~6,000units 
annually, with a focus on high-value, 
high-demand RIP/RIS products
l  Global Product Alignment: Products 
will be engineered to international 
specifications for Americas, Europe and 
other high-growth markets
POLICY SUPPORT and STRATEGIC ALIGNMENT
At Yash Highvoltage® , ambition is more than a driving force- it’s a transformative ethos. It shapes our decisions, drives innovation, and 
defines how we create long-term impact. We are charting a bold path toward 2030, driven by operational excellence, strategic investments, 
and global expansion. From manufacturing to markets, our focus is on building scale with purpose and resilience.
At Yash® , ambition is a blueprint for scale, impact, 
and transformation- not just within our company, but 
across the global energy ecosystem
10 11
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 9]
STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN DESK
AT YASH 
HIGHVOLTAGE®,
OUR VISION IS CLEAR- 
TO BE AMONG THE 
WORLD’S TOP FIVE 
TRANSFORMER 
BUSHING 
MANUFACTURERS, 
POWERED BY 
GLOBAL PRESENCE, 
TECHNICAL 
EXCELLENCE, AND A 
DEEP COMMITMENT 
TO STAKEHOLDER 
VALUE
KEYUR SHAH
CHAIRMAN and MANAGING DIRECTOR
DEAR
VALUED 
STAKEHOLDERS,
It is with great pride and 
gratitude that I present 
the Annual Report for 
FY 2024-25- a year of 
strategic milestones and 
transformative progress.
IPO: A LANDMARK MOMENT
FY25 marked a defining chapter for Yash 
Highvoltage® with the successful launch 
of our maiden Initial Public Offering (IPO). 
Oversubscribed by over 180x and listed at 
a 90% premium to the issue price, the IPO 
reflects strong market confidence in our 
vision, capabilities, and future potential.
This milestone not only validates our 
positioning but also empowers us to 
accelerate growth and create sustained 
long-term value.
MACRO-ECONOMIC BACKDROP
Despite global macroeconomic challenges, 
the power sector remains a bright spot. 
Surging investments in renewables, data 
centres, and infrastructure- across India 
and the world- have driven unprecedented 
demand for transformers and components.
At Yash® , we are strategically positioned to 
meet this demand with agility and a robust 
product portfolio.
OUR IMPRESSIVE RESULTS
From a performance standpoint, FY24-25 
was a strong year across all key metrics. 
Gross Revenue grew by 39.45%, reaching 
H152 crore from H109 crore in FY24, while 
Profit After Tax (PAT) rose to H21.4 crore, 
representing 14.26% of sales- up from 
H12.32 crore in FY24. Our Earnings Per 
Share (EPS) climbed to H8.92 from H5.57 
and Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) 
stood at a healthy 18.39%, underscoring our 
focus on capital efficiency.
A standout achievement is the near twofold 
growth in exports this year, which now 
account for 40% of our sales in OIP and 
High Current Transformer Bushings. On the 
domestic front, we continue to lead with a 
70% market share in RIP bushings and 35%-
40% share in the OIP bushings category, 
both upto the 245 kV class. We closed the 
year with a robust and well-aligned order 
book, providing strong visibility for the next 
18 to 24 months.
EXPANDING GLOBALLY , BUILDING 
LOCALLY
Our growth strategy focuses on global 
expansion and enhanced domestic strength. 
With a widening supply-demand gap across 
regions like Europe, the Americas, GCC, 
Africa, and APAC, Yash Highvoltage® is well-
positioned to serve as a reliable, high-quality 
supplier.
Our upcoming greenfield facility in Vadodara 
will localise RIP core manufacturing 
and unlock new export opportunities. 
Meanwhile, the aging fleet of power 
infrastructure globally is driving strong 
demand for retrofit solutions. 
Together, these developments mark our 
evolution from a domestic leader to a truly 
global transformer bushing company.
OUR ROADMAP FOCUSES ON:
l  High-margin growth: Prioritising quality, 
global expansion, niche segments like 
retrofits, and a relentless commitment to 
operational excellence
l  Export-led expansion: Focusing on 
high-growth regions across the world to 
increase exports and capitalise on margin 
expansion opportunities
l  Supply chain fortification: Reinforcing 
supplier relationships and securing long-
term access to critical raw materials, 
ensuring supply chain stability and 
responsiveness
l  ‘Local in Global’ execution: We have 
launched a US subsidiary focused on 
enhancing customer engagement. This 
subsidiary will initially concentrate on 
sales, with plans for local warehousing, 
servicing and eventually for potential 
local assembly to deepen market 
integration
VISION, VALUES and COMMITMENT
We pursue our global ambition with purpose and discipline. Our growth strategy is anchored 
to key pillars of profitability, global expansion, and operational resilience
l  Strategic global partnerships: With 
several strong and reliable agents 
globally across more than 30 countries 
as well as own sales teams overseas, the 
company envisions to expand its niche 
globally
l  Value creation by Diversification: 
With a vision to create stakeholder 
value through single-window solutions 
and a broader product portfolio, we aim 
to enter allied segments via strategic 
MandA in the power transformer and 
transmission space
A NOTE OF THANKS
As we chart our course forward, we remain 
confident in our strategic direction and 
ability to harness the potential of the global 
power sector.
I extend my sincere gratitude to our 
valued customer for their trust and 
enduring partnership, to our suppliers for 
their steadfast collaboration, and to our 
shareholders for believing in our long-term 
vision.
Above all, our journey is powered by our 
people- a team that is driven by passion, 
accountability and an unshakable 
commitment to excellence. I express my 
sincere appreciation for building this future, 
one milestone at a time.
We are firmly on a sustained growth 
trajectory, and I am energised by the path 
ahead as we scale new heights and solidify 
Yash’s position as a formidable global player 
in the transformer bushing industry.
Warm regards,
KEYUR SHAH
CHAIRMAN and MANAGING DIRECTOR
12 13
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 10]
ABOUT US
INDIA’S LEADING PURE-PLAY, WORLD-
CLASS BUSHING MANUFACTURER
Founded in 2002 and headquartered in 
Vadodara, Gujarat, Yash Highvoltage® Ltd. is 
a specialised manufacturer of condenser 
graded high-voltage and high current 
transformer bushings. With a sharp focus 
on state-of-the art engineering and quality, 
advanced R&D capabilities, and tailored 
engineering solutions, we support the 
backbone of global power infrastructure- 
from utilities and OEMs to critical grid 
applications.
Led by Chairman and Managing Director  
Mr. Keyur Shah, we combine product 
innovation, operational excellence, and 
deep sectoral insight to serve domestic and 
international markets with equal agility.
We are currently expanding our 
manufacturing footprint through a new 
RIP/RIS facility in Vadodara, designed to 
significantly enhance capacity, export 
competitiveness, and alignment with global 
specifications.
Additionally, we are gradually strengthening 
our focus on sustainability by adopting 
eco-conscious practices and aligning 
with relevant environmental standards, 
as part of our commitment to responsible 
manufacturing.
Yash® is listed on the BSE SME Segment, 
committed to transparent governance, value 
creation, and long-term stakeholder trust.
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE IN NUMBERS
22+ 7000+ 150+
Experience in the business Capacity (Units) Team size
125+ 500+ 5000+ 35+
Type tested products OEMs served Highest current 
ratings supplied Global representatives
60+ 40000+ 150.14 21.4
Countries
served
Bushings supplied globally 
till March 31, 2025
Turnover
(H crore) in FY25
Net profit
(H crore) in FY25
VISION MISSION
To be the preferred solutions provider for High voltage 
and High current transformer bushings globally
We are steadfastly committed to delivering superior quality 
products, highly customised solutions and exceedingly 
responsive services to customers; thus, offering benchmark 
performance and customer experience. We shall uphold 
the highest standards in human values and shall invest our 
best efforts to fulfil the expectations of all our stakeholders
QUALITY POLICY
Yash Highvoltage® Ltd. is devoted to providing the best Power Transformer Bushing solutions to customers. Our organization shall be 
sensitive to emerging opportunities and relentlessly pursue new ideas. We shall bank heavily on individual initiative and creativity, and shall 
nurture a culture that brings every mind into the game.
We are committed to providing the best solutions to customers by:
STRATEGIES IMPROVEMENT PERFORMANCE INNOVATION PARTNERSHIPS
Implementing customer-
driven strategies
Leveraging on continuous 
improvement initiatives
Developing accurate, 
effective performance 
measures
Creating a learning 
environment that fosters 
constant innovation
Sustaining partnerships 
with suppliers for 
competitive advantage
14 15
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 11]
MILESTONES
OUR EVOLUTION TO EXCELLENCE
2002
The Company was incorporated
2008
Addition of Mr. Keyur Shah 
as Managing Director of Yash 
Highvoltage® Ltd.
2009
Marked our first export milestone 
with the shipment of 34.5 
kV IEEE-design bushings to 
Bangladesh
2011
Commissioning of state-of-the-
art manufacturing bay-2 for high-
voltage bushing production and 
increased volume production
2012
Approved by one of India’s largest 
power utilities for High Current 
Bushings up to 36 kV 16000 A 
and five other major Utilities 
and SEBs for OIP Condenser 
Bushings and High Current 
Bushings
2013
l  Collaborating with a Swiss 
company to promote RIP 
bushings in Southeast Asia
l  Approval by a nuclear power 
utility for the supply of 
High Current Bushings for 
prestigious Nuclear Power 
Generation projects
l  Approved by 5+ major 
National Utilities and SEBs for 
OIP Condenser Bushings and 
High Current Bushings
2016
l  First MSME in India to offer 
localised RIP transformer 
bushings in collaboration 
with a Swiss-based company, 
launched by Hon’ble Minister 
Shri Piyush Goel (Minister 
of Commerce and Industry, 
Consumer Affairs and Food 
and Public Distribution and 
Textiles, Govt. of India)
l  First in the world to develop 
52kV 6300A Hybrid RIP 
and OIP for a power system 
stabiliser utility
l  Approved by the transmission 
utility for RIP bushings up 
to 145 kV class under the 
Hon’ble Prime Minister’s 
‘Make in India’ Initiative
l  Approved by a research and 
development organisation 
under the Ministry of 
Railways for 52 kV class OIP 
Condenser Bushings
2017
l  Joined an elite class of very 
few manufacturers worldwide 
to supply OIP Condenser 
bushing with Polymer Silicon 
insulators
l  Crossed the 10,000 bushing 
sales mark
l  Approved by a research and 
development organisation 
under the Ministry of 
Railways for 145 kV class OIP 
Condenser Bushings
2018
l  Mr. Keyur Shah’s ahead-of-
its-time vision and resolve to 
bring Swiss RIP technology to 
India featured in “MARCHING 
WITH A BILLION” , a book by 
Uday Mahurkar
l  NTPC approval for RIP 
Bushings up to 145 kV class 
RIP
2019
l  Supplied first Resin 
Impregnated Synthetic 
(RIS) Bushings localised in 
India of 145kV rating to a 
major electricity distribution 
company in Kolkata, West 
Bengal, as a prestigious 
retrofit requirement
l  Launched 245 kV localised 
RIP/RIS bushings for the India 
Market under a technological 
collaboration with a Swiss-
based company
2020
l  Booked prestigious orders 
for supply of 245 kV RIP 
Bushings, a/c discerning State 
and Private Utility projects
l  Supplied first 245 kV RIP 
bushing localised in India
2022
Addition of a state-of-the-art 
EHV test lab capable of efficient 
throughput and swift handling 
and testing of large volumes 
up to 245 kV rated transformer 
bushings
2023
1st bulk export of over 120 units 
to USA - IEEE OIP bushings
2024
l  Crossed the H100 crore 
topline milestone; reported a 
turnover of H108 Crore
l  ILAC Accreditation
l  Inhouse R&D unit recognised 
by DSIR
l  Listing on the BSE SME 
on 19 December 2024- a 
momentous milestone in the 
journey of Yash Highvoltage® 
Ltd
2025
l   Greenfield RIP bushing 
manufacturing facility 
groundbreaking.
16 17
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 12]
OUR AWARDS and RECOGNITIONS
2015
FGI Certificate of Merit as 
Outstanding MSME
Awarded by august hands of 
Lt. Shri Manohar Parikar, then 
hon'ble Minister of Defence, 
Govt. of India
2016
First localized RIP bushing 
in India Flagged off by 
Shri Piyush Goyal, then 
honourable Minister of 
Power - Gujarat
A proud moment for Yash® to 
have India's first localized dry 
type Resin Impregnated Paper 
(RIP) bushing under PM's 'Make 
in India' initiative, inaugurated 
by Shri Piyush Goyal. We thank 
Hon'ble Minister, Shri Piyush 
Goyal, as well as Govt. of India 
for their ardent support
2019
Award as Best Supplier by 
BHEL
Best Supplier award in the 
category for carrying out Import 
Substitution under 'Make In 
India' initiative by the country's 
Navratna PSU Bharat Heavy 
Electricals Limited (BHEL)
2019
Letters of Commendation 
from former Chief Minister 
- Gujarat
Yash's 'Make-in-India' initiative 
for technology collaboration 
for RIP bushings with a 
Swiss based company was 
commended by former CM of 
Gujarat, Shri Vijaybhai Rupani
2023
Recognition by BHEL 
Samvaad 3.0 for pioneering 
import-substitute of RIP/
RIS bushings localization in 
India
Mr. Keyur Shah, Managing 
Director of Yash Highvoltage® 
Ltd., being felicitated in the 
hands of Hon Minister of 
Heavy Industries Mahendra 
Nath Pandey for outstanding 
contribution by Yash® in 
pioneering import-substitute 
RIP/RIS bushings localization 
in India at Bharat Mandapam, 
New Delhi, in November 2023
2024
Indotech Award
Honoured by Indo Tech 
Transformers Ltd. for our 
steadfast partnership and 
shared commitment to growth 
and excellence
2024
GEO Excellence Award for 
Entrepreneur Leadership 
(MSME) 2024
Mr. Keyur Shah being awarded 
for his exemplary leadership 
as the promoter and managing 
director of Yash Highvoltage® 
Ltd. by GEO Excellence Award 
(under MSME category) in 
March 2024
GE Vernova award
Establishing New Product 
Development & Creating Value 
to its Customer
18 19
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 13]
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
NUMBERS THAT SPEAK VOLUMES
At Yash® , financial metrics are key to driving profitability, operational efficiency, and sustainable growth- enabling us to deliver lasting value 
to customers and stakeholders.
Revenue from Operations
(H crore)FY23
FY24
FY25
90.32
108.48
150.14
Significance
l  Measures market demand 
and business scalability
l  YoY growth indicates 
increased traction for our 
products
EBITDA
(H crore)FY23
FY24
FY25
18.64
22.15
34.01
Significance
l  Benchmark of profitable 
business operations
l  YoY growth indicates 
increased value-addition and 
optimised costs
Profit After Tax
(H crore)FY23
FY24
FY25
10.87
12.32
21.40
Significance
l  True profitability metric that 
creates shareholder value
l  YoY growth showcases 
sustaining a profitable 
business
Significance
l  Positive flow indicates 
financial liquidity
l  YoY growth reflects superior 
cash management
EBITDA Margin
(%)
FY23
FY24
FY25
20.57
20.30
22.35
Significance
l  Reveals how effectively a 
company generates earnings 
from its core business 
activities
l  YoY improvement indicates 
improving operational 
profitability
Return on Equity
(%)
FY23
FY24
FY25
44.85
33.65
22.61
Significance
l  Indicates how effectively a 
company uses shareholder 
investments to generate profit
l  YoY increase suggests better 
financial performance and 
management efficiency
Return on Capital Employed
(%)
FY23
FY24
FY25
46.48
40.76
18.39
Significance
l  Measures a company’s ability 
to generate returns from 
the total capital invested, 
including both debt and equity
l  YoY increase generally 
suggests better capital 
management and profitability
Debt-to-Equity
(x)
FY24
FY25
0.17
0.15
Significance
l  Reveals how much a 
company relies on debt 
financing versus equity 
financing to fund its 
operations and assets
l  A lower ratio suggests a 
more conservative approach 
with more equity financing, 
potentially lower risk
0.25FY23
20 21
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 14]
OPPORTUNITY LANDSCAPE
DECODING MARKET POTENTIAL
The global transformer bushings market is booming, fuelled by surging electricity demand, large-scale renewable integration, and 
accelerated grid modernisation.
Manufacturers face capacity limits, making 
strategic positioning vital. With most 
transformer manufacturers operating 
at near-full capacity and booked out for 
years, demand for high-quality transformer 
bushings continues to significantly outpace 
supply.
Yash Highvoltage® Ltd. is well-positioned 
to capitalise on this opportunity, stemming 
from strong market demand, strategic 
investments in capacity and backward 
integration, product and geographical 
diversifications, and favourable government 
support.
KEY OPPORTUNITY INDICATORS 
INCLUDE:
l  Surging global electricity demand with 
global transformer OEMs overbooked 
for 2 to 5 years making manufacturers 
operating at full capacity, and many being 
overbooked for months ahead
l  Manufacturers of transformer bushings, 
being a critical, handcrafted niche 
product, are ‘handful’ compared to 
transformer manufacturers- indicating a 
market where demand outstrips supply, 
making reliable suppliers like Yash® 
increasingly indispensable
l  Customers are actively discussing their 
“next three years plans” for transformer 
bushings segment, driving strong order 
book growth and signaling sustained 
demand outlook for these components
Global energy demand is projected to rise continuously, with electricity demand expected to 
grow by around 4% annually through 2027, driven by power-hungry sectors like data centres, 
artificial intelligence and electric vehicles. The IEA forecasts renewables, particularly solar, 
will dominate new capacity, potentially surpassing coal generation by 2025.
RISK MANAGEMENT
MANAGING RISKS, ENSURING RELIABILITY
In a high-stakes industry like power components, effective risk management is essential for operational continuity, financial stability, and 
stakeholder trust. At Yash® , we proactively identify and address potential risks through structured assessments, resilient systems, and agile 
execution.
Dependence on a limited number of raw 
material suppliers may disrupt operations or 
inflate costs.
Mitigation:
l  Diversified supplier base with multiple 
approved vendors
l  Long-term contracts to stabilise pricing 
and ensure availability
l  Ongoing performance and financial 
evaluations of critical suppliers
SUPPLIER 
CONCENTRATION RISK
1
Fluctuations in input costs may impact 
margins and pricing flexibility.
Mitigation:
l  Bulk procurement and cost-optimisation 
strategies
l  R&D for material alternatives to reduce 
dependency
l  Proactive engagement with customers on 
trends and pass-through mechanisms
VOLATILE RAW
MATERIAL PRICES
2
Operating in a competitive market that is 
sensitive to economic fluctuations could 
impact demand and profitability.
Mitigation:
l  Positioning as a single-window solution 
provider with compliance across global 
standards
l  Strong positioning in niche segments like 
RIP/RIS and retrofits
l  Exploring global collaboration models 
to enhance localised manufacturing 
presence
MARKET COMPETITION and 
ECONOMIC SENSITIVITY
3
Rising costs and some financial indicators 
such as volatile FOREX,may dilute margins.
Mitigation:
l  Cost controls, streamlined operations 
and lean manufacturing practices
l  Strengthened capital structure using IPO 
proceeds to support growth
l  Efficient forward booking and hedging 
actions for outward overseas remittances 
to mitigate losses driven by volatile Forex 
markets
l  Focus on increasing the share of value-
added products
DECLINING
PROFITABILITY METRICS
4
Cyclical nature of transformer projects and 
overreliance on a few large clients could 
affect revenue stability.
Mitigation:
l  Expanding customer base across 
government, private and international 
markets
l  Strong repeat order rate driven by service 
and delivery
l  Broadened service offerings, including 
retrofits and testing
CONCENTRATED 
CUSTOMER BASE
5
Geopolitical or trade restrictions may limit 
international sales.
Mitigation:
l  Compliance with evolving export norms 
and trade regulations
l  Market-specific retrofit solutions to 
deepen penetration
l  Strong domestic presence and 
localisation under ‘Make in India’
EXPORT MARKET 
RESTRICTIONS
6
22 23
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 15]
LEADERSHIP THAT INSPIRES
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Keyur G. Shah
Chairman & Managing Director
Mr. Keyur Shah is the founder of Yash and has an experience of 25+ years in the industry. He 
is the Chairman of the Board, and also chairs the technical advisory board consisting of a 
team of industry and regional experts with over 2 centuries of collective years of technical 
engineering and managerial experience.
His visionary leadership and conviction has led the company to emerge rapidly as a 
highly sought after solution provider in the field of Transformer Bushings and a debt free 
organization poised for a stellar valuation and having a global technology collaborator such 
as Swiss based MGC. The company driven by strategic management, product innovation, 
and his robust business insight has been awarded in 2019 by BHEL-one of the premiere 
public sector units of the nation – _for carrying out import substitution for RIP bushings 
under the Make-in-Indiainitiative.
Mr. Suril S. Mehta
Independent Director
A chartered accountant by profession, Mr. Mehta has over a decade’s experience, is 
part of the Transaction Advisory practice of K C Mehta & Co, LLP , & leads the team in 
tax & regulatory advisory, restructuring, strategy formulation & valuation services. He is 
experienced in closing M&A transactions, including negotiation, structuring from a legal, 
regulatory & tax perspective, & other transaction support services spanning across a wide 
range of industries, involving niche sectors like shipping industry, education sector, etc., & 
is actively involved in advising clients to set up operations in the Gift city/IFSC, including 
Fintech, Alternative Investment Funds, Family Investment Funds, shipping entities, etc.
Mr. Hartmuth Fethke
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Fethke has 40+ years of industry experience with European majors like ABB Micafil 
(Switzerland) & HSP (Siemens, Germany). From design, development, & management of 
high voltage equipment & transformer bushings, he has made several breakthroughs. He 
has been associated with Yash for a decade & contributed extensively towards bolstering 
Yash products, process & technology to be at par with international quality standards.
Mrs. Twinkle K. Shah
Non-Executive Director
As a seasoned professional and the director at Yash, she brings a wealth of experience 
and a passion for excellence to our team. With a diverse background that includes running 
a successful garden boutique in Vadodara, Gujarat, she has honed her skills in business 
management, customer relations, and creative design. Her role at Yash allows her to 
leverage these strengths, contributing to our company’s growth and success.
Mr. Rabindra Nath Nayak
Independent Director
With an experience of about 36 years in various capacities at various senior level positions 
in premier Central Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) in power sector such as POWERGRID 
Corporation of India Limited, lastly as Chairman and Managing Director of the Company & at 
NTPC & SAIL Limited, Mr. Nayak has led & motivated a team of about 10,000 employees of 
POWERGRID having different categories of people towards an extraordinary turnaround feat 
resulting in more than doubling the assets, revenue, profit etc. over a period of three years. 
He possesses experience practically in all areas of power sector i.e. Generation, 
Transmission & Distribution & almost all departments of a company.
24 25
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 16]
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT 23 rd Annual General Meeting  of the Members of Yash Highvoltage Limited will be held 
on Wednesday 10th September, 2025, at 12:00 noon through Video Conferencing VC/ Other Audio- Visual Means (OAVM), to transact 
the following business. The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be at Yash Highvoltage Limited., 84/1B, PO KHAKHARIA, TA., 
SAVLI, VADODARA, Gujarat, India, 391510 to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial year ended 31st 
March 2025 together with the reports of the Board of Directors’ and the Auditor’s Report thereon.
2. To consider and declare Dividend at the rate of C1 per Equity Share (i.e 20%).
3. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Hartmuth Udo Erich Fethke, who retires by rotation in terms of section 152(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and, being eligible, offers him for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4. To ratify the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors of the company for the financial year 2025-26.
 To consider and if thought fit to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of section 148 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force), the members of the Company be and hereby ratify the payment of remuneration of H 50,000/- 
(Rupees Fifty Thousand Only), plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses at actual to M/s. Y .S. Thaker 
& Co., Cost & Management Accountants (Registration No. FRN 000318) appointed by the Board on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, as the Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the Financial Year ending 
31st March, 2026. ”
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all acts and take all such 
steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution. ”
By Order of the Board
Regd. Off. : 84/1B, PO KHAKHARIA, TA., 
SAVLI, Vadodara, VADODARA, TUSHAR J. LAKHMAPURKAR
Gujarat, India, 391510 COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Date: 11-08-2025 MEM. NO. FCS 3809
Notice of 
Annual General Meeting
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item No. 4:
Members are hereby informed that upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, Board of Directors of your Company have 
appointed M/s. Y .S. Thaker & Co., Cost & Management Accountants (Registration No. FRN 000318) as Cost Auditors of the Company 
for the Financial year 2025-26 on the remuneration of H 50,000/- (H Fifty Thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement 
of out-of-pocket expenses at actual.
Consent Cum Declaration has been received from the above Cost Auditor regarding his consent and eligibility for appointment as 
Cost Auditor will be available for inspection of the Members electronically during the 23rd AGM.
As per section 148(3) read with Rule 14 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost 
Auditors is to be ratified by the Shareholders in ensuing 23rd AGM. None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personal or their relatives 
are concerned or interested financial or otherwise in the aforesaid resolution.
The Board of directors recommend passing necessary resolution as set out in Item No.4 of the Notice by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
NOTES:
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide its 
general circular No. 14/2020 dated 8 April 2020, 17/2020 
dated 13 April 2020, 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, 22/2020 
dated 15 June 2020,33/2020 dated 28 September 2020, 
39/2020 dated 31 December 2020 and 10/2021 dated 
June 23, 2021 and 20/2021 dated 08 December, 2021 
2/2022 dated 5 th May, 2022(collectively referred to as 
“MCA Circulars”), and SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/
HO/CFD/ CMD2/CIRP/P/2022/62 dated 13 th May, 2022 
,permitted convening the Annual General Meeting (“AGM” 
/ “Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without physical presence 
of the members at a common venue. In accordance with 
the MCA Circulars, provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(”the Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the AGM 
of the Company is being held through VC / OAVM. The 
deemed venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office 
of the Company.
2. Generally, a member entitled to attend and vote at the 
meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and 
vote on a poll instead of himself and the proxy need not 
be a member of the Company. Since this AGM is being 
held through VC / OAVM pursuant to the MCA Circulars, 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed 
with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies 
by the members will not be available for the AGM and 
hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not 
annexed hereto.
3. Pursuant to MCA Circulars, the facility to appoint proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is not available 
for this AGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled 
to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their 
votes through e-voting.
4. An authorised representative of the President of India or of 
the Governor of the State, holding shares in the Company, 
may appoint their authorised representative, may also 
appoint an authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and cast their votes through e-voting.
5. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM 
mode 15 minutes before the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure 
mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the 
AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 
members on first come first served basis. This will not 
include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or 
more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons 
of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, 
Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without 
restriction on account of first come first served basis.
6. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through 
VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
7. In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, 
Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2024-25 
is being sent through electronic mode to those Members 
whose e-mail address is registered with the Company/ 
Depository Participants. Members may note that the 
Notice and Annual Report 2024-25 will also be available 
on the Company’s website www.yashhv.com, website of 
the Stock Exchange, i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com 
and the AGM Notice is also available on the website 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
26 27
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 17]
of Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. (agency for providing the 
Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.bigshareonline.com.
8. The relevant Explanatory Statements pursuant to Section 
102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in respect of Item No. 4 
is annexed herewith.
9. Pursuant regulation 42 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, “record 
date” for the purpose of payment of final dividend for 
the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025, if declared at 
ensuing Annual General Meeting, shall be 6 th September, 
2025 (“the record date”). The final dividend on equity 
shares will be paid within 30 days after declaration to 
the members or their mandates whose names appear in 
the Company’s Register of Members or in the statement 
of beneficial ownership furnished by National Securities 
Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository (India) 
Limited (CDSL) on the record date.
10. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 
of the Companies Act, 2013, the Register of Contracts 
or Arrangements in which Directors are interested, 
maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 
2013, and the relevant documents referred to in the 
Notice will be available electronically for inspection by 
the members during the AGM.
11. All documents referred to in the Notice will also be 
available electronically for inspection without any fee by 
the members from the date of circulation of this Notice 
up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such 
documents can send an e-mail to investors@yashhv.com.
12. Members are requested to notify immediately any 
change of address:
• To their Depository Participant (DP) in respect of 
shares held in dematerialized form.
• Facility of payment of dividend through ECS / NECS 
is available. Those shareholders who are holding 
shares in electronic mode should register their 
ECS mandate with their respective depository 
participants directly.
13. Members are requested to note that;
(a) Dividends if not encashed for a consecutive period 
of 7 years from the date of transfer to Unpaid 
Dividend Account of the Company, are liable to be 
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (IEPF). The shares in respect of such unclaimed 
dividends are also liable to be transferred to the 
demat account of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, 
Members are requested to claim their dividends 
from the Company, within the stipulated timeline. 
The Members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares 
have been transferred to IEPF , may claim the same 
by making an application to the IEPF Authority in 
Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in.
14. Members seeking further information on the Financial 
Statement or any other matter contained in the Notice are 
requested to write to the Company at least 7 days before 
the meeting so that relevant information can be kept ready 
at the meeting.
15. Voting through electronic means:
(a) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI, the Company 
is providing facility of remote e-voting to its Members 
in respect of the business to be transacted at the 
AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered 
into an agreement with Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. 
for facilitating voting through electronic means, as 
the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes 
by a member using remote e-voting system will be 
provided by Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd.
(b) The remote e-voting period commences on 
7th September, 2025 and ends on 9 th September, 
2025. During this period, members of the Company, 
holding shares in dematerialized form, as on the 
cut-off date of 3 rd September, 2025, may cast their 
vote by remote e-voting. The remote e-voting module 
shall be disabled/blocked by Bigshare Services 
Pvt. Ltd. for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a 
resolution is cast by the member, the member shall 
not be allowed to change it subsequently.
(c) Remote e-voting shall not be allowed beyond the 
said date and time.
(d) The process and manner for remote e-voting are 
explained herein below:
 THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR 
REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:
i. The voting period begins on 7 th September, 2025 
at 9:00 a.m. and ends on 9 th September, 2025 
at 5:00 p.m.. During this period shareholders’ 
of the Company, holding shares either in 
dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record 
date) of 3 rd September, 2025 may cast their vote 
electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled 
by Bigshare for voting thereafter.
ii. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the 
meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue.
iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/
CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 
44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to 
provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, 
in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, 
it has been observed that the participation by 
the public non-institutional shareholders/retail 
shareholders is at a negligible level.
 Currently, there are multiple e-voting service 
providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration on 
various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders.
 In order to increase the efficiency of the voting 
process, pursuant to a public consultation, it 
has been decided to enable e-voting to all the 
demat account holders, by way of a single login 
credential, through their demat accounts/ 
websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. 
Demat account holders would be able to cast their 
vote without having to register again with the ESPs, 
thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication 
but also enhancing ease and convenience of 
participating in e-voting process.
 In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/
CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020  on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised 
to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in Demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi/Easiest 
is https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your 
existing myeasi username & password.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of 
BIGSHARE the e-Voting service provider and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also 
links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers i.e. BIGSHARE, 
so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a link https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able 
to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress, and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you 
will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
28 29
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 18]
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website 
of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services 
is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. 
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name BIGSHARE 
and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name BIGSHARE 
and you will be redirected to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting
4) For OTP based login you can click on  https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will 
be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page with all 
e-Voting Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-vote 
(E-voting website) for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
Depository Participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful 
login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name 
and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
No. 1800 22 55 33.
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022- 48867000.
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat mode is 
given below:
• You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
• Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ section to Login on E-Voting Platform.
• Please enter your ‘USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘PASSWORD’ which is shared separately on 
your registered email id.
 { Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary ID as user id.
 { Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID as user id.
 Note If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email id or contact i-vote 
helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk section).
• Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.
NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.
bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and 
password to login.
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then Click on ‘Forgot 
your password?
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click on ‘Reset’ .
 (In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
  Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal:
• After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
• Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
• Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option.
• Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right-hand side top corner of the page.
• Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “IN FAVOUR”, “NOT IN FAVOUR” or “ABSTAIN” and click on 
“SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm, else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you 
confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
• Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also you will receive an 
email on your registered email id. During the voting period, members can login any number of times till they have 
voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently.
• Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on investor portal.
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website:
• You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
• Click on “REGISTER” under “CUSTODIAN LOGIN”, to register yourself on Bigshare i-Vote e-Voting Platform.
• Enter all required details and submit.
• After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be sent via email on your 
registered email id”.
NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an 
earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and password to login.
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘CUSTODIAN LOGIN’ tab and further Click on ‘Forgot 
your password?
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click on ‘RESET'.
(In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal:
• After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
30 31
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 19]
Investor Mapping:
• First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “DOCUMENTS” option on custodian portal.
 { Click on “DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of attorney (POA).
 { Click on upload document “CHOOSE FILE”  and upload power of attorney (POA) or board resolution for 
respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”.
Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be named as the “InvestorID.pdf” (Mention 
Demat account number as Investor ID.)
 { Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display.
 Investor vote File Upload:
• To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD” option from left hand side menu on custodian portal.
• Select the Event under dropdown option.
• Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upload the same file under upload document 
option by clicking on “UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be displayed on the screen and also you can check the 
file status on display (Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently).
• Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on custodian portal.
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting:
Login type Helpdesk details
Shareholder‘s other than individual 
shareholders holding shares in Demat 
mode.
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries regarding E-voting, you 
may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-Voting 
module available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download 
section or you can email us to ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 
1800 22 54 22, 022-62638338
4. Procedure for joining the AGM through VC/ OAVM:
 For shareholder other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat mode is given below:
• The Members may attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com under Investor login by 
using the e-voting credentials (i.e., User ID and Password).
• After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
• Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
• Select event for which you are desire to attend the AGM under the dropdown option.
• For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed beside of “VIDEO CONFERENCE 
LINK” option.
• Members attending the AGM through VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under 
Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the AGM are as under:-
• The Members can join the AGM in the VC/ OAVM mode 15 minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement 
of the meeting. The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM/EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for remote e-voting.
• Only those members/shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible 
to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
• Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
Helpdesk for queries regarding virtual meeting:
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries regarding virtual meeting, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download section or you can email us to 
ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 1800 22 54 22, 022-62638338
Directors’ Report
To the Members,
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED,
Vadodara
Your directors have pleasure in presenting their 23RD Annual Report of the Company together with the Audited Financial Statements 
of the Company for the year ended on 31st March 2025.
1. Financial Results/ Review of Operations: (C In Lacs)
Particulars 2024-2025 2023-2024
Total Revenue 15215.46 10912.25
Total Expenditure 12400.76 9138.80
Profit Before Exceptional & Extraordinary items & tax 2814.70 1773.44
Exceptional & Extraordinary items & tax
Profit/(Loss) Before Taxes 2814.70 1773.44
Less : Current Tax 735.44 540.00
Less: Tax Expenses prior period (50.66) (0.35)
Less : Deferred Tax Expenses (Income) (10.85) 0.92
Profit/(Loss) After Taxes 2140.76 1232.87
EPS (Face Value of C 5 each) 8.92 5.57
2. Transfer to Profit & Loss account:
 During the year under review, the Company has transferred 
C 2140.76 Cr. to Profit & Loss account.
3. Dividend:
 The Board of Directors of the Company has proposed 
the final dividend @ 20% on 28551249 equity shares of 
C 5 each, which will be paid subject to the approval of 
the Shareholders at the ensuring general meeting, to 
those shareholders who are registered on the register of 
members of the Company as on record date.
 Pursuant to Regulation 43(A) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Company does 
not fall under top 1000 Listed Companies by market 
capitalization as on March 31, 2025 and hence the 
requirement for adopting the Dividend Distribution Policy 
is not applicable to the Company.
4. Business Developments:
 In the last few years there has been exponential increase 
in the requirements of dry type RIP bushings in India 
driven by the inclusion in the technical specifications of 
premier central Utilities such as POWERGRID & NTPC and 
in the standard technical specification of Transformers 
released by CEA (Central Electricity Authority) which is 
now being in process of adoption by all the other State and 
Private Utilities.
 To capitalize the increased market demand and expand 
into global markets, company has partnered with a 
European based project management group to develop 
in house RIP cores. This initiative will reduce dependency 
on our present sub-vendors and enable the company 
to handle large volumes with significantly shortened 
lead times as presently prevailing in the industry due 
to limited manufacturers with this technology. This 
project is expected to be completed in next year and 
upon completion of the same, your Company will gain a 
competitive edge by ensuring complete range of products 
for exports, strengthening our position in global market.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
33
32
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION
[page 20]
from imported suppliers having been completed 
during the FY 24-25. The progress on development of 
prototype designs along with technology absorption, 
ordering of materials and the overall expansion 
project for RIP bushing manufacturing is on track.
j. Successfully surpassed landmark 40,000+ 
Transformer Bushings in last 24 years, 3425 units 
of RIP/RIS Bushings up to 245 kV supplied in 
FY 2024-25, taking the total RIP bushings executed 
to over 15,000 products. ~950 units of 245kV RIP 
bushings were manufactured and sold during 
FY 24-25, as compared to ~580 units in FY 23-24, 
thereby adding significantly to the top-line by sales 
of higher voltage products.
k. 80+ High Current Bushings executed in FY 2024-25 
with revenue of ~ INR 6 cr with healthy contribution 
to bottom line. Your company developed and 
supplied the 25,000 Ampere High current bushing for 
a prestigious export customer during the FY 24-25, 
which was a pioneering development in that current 
range and a first of it’s kind from any manufacturer 
in India. The export contribution of High current 
bushings compared to overall sales of High current 
bushings stood at ~25% during the FY 24-25 and is 
expected to grow rapidly in both domestic and global 
markets on account of increasing power generation 
needs driven by Renewables, Data centers and 
urbanization.
l. Your company’s dedicated Retrofits division for 
transformer bushings achieved double the sales of 
INR 10.2 Crores in FY 24-25, as compared to INR 
4.6 (FY 23-24). The retrofits division has continued 
to grow at a C.A.G.R. of ~87% over the last 3 years, 
significantly contributing to the profitability.
m. Yash Team has received 2 nd runner up’s award for 
outstanding booth design at the ELECRAMA 2025 
global Power showcase in Delhi.
n. Your company was awarded “Certificate of 
recognition for “Establishing new product 
development and creating value to the customers” 
by GE T&D, a discerning customer of Yash, in 
FY 2024-25 for supporting with special development 
of RIP bushings to cater to the customers needs.
5.  Share capital:
 During the year under review, the following changes have 
been made to the Share Capital of the Company:
a. On 8th July 2024, the Authorized Share Capital of the 
Company increased from C 7,50,00,000/- (Rupees 
Seven Crore Fifty Lacs only) consisting of 75,00,000 
equity shares of C 10 each to C  20,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Twenty Crores only) consisting of 2,00,00,000 equity 
shares of C 10 each.
b. Further, on 8 th July 2024, the Face value of the 
equity shares has been subdivided from C 10 each 
to C 5 each and accordingly, the existing authorized 
share capital of the Company is C 20,00,00,000/- 
consisting to 4,00,00,000 equity shares of C 5 each.
c. On 24 th April 2024, the Company issued 43,06,215 
Bonus shares of C 10 each credited as fully paid-up 
equity shares in the proportion of Seven (7) equity 
shares for every Five (5) equity shares held by the 
Members as on record date 19th April 2024.
d. Pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors 
dated June 29, 2024 and Shareholders’ approval 
dated July 08, 2024, equity shares of face value 
of ₹ 10/- each of our Company were sub-divided 
into 2 equity shares of face value of ₹ 5/- each. 
Consequently, the issued and subscribed share 
capital of your Company comprising 73,82,083 
equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each was sub-
divided into 1,47,64,166 equity shares of face value 
of ₹ 5/- each.
e. On 22 nd July 2024, the Company issued 73,82,083 
Bonus shares of C 5 each credited as fully paid-up 
equity shares in the proportion of One (1) equity 
share for every Two (2) equity shares held by the 
Members as on record date 8th July 2024.
f. Further, on 11th December 2024, the IPO Committee 
has considered and allotted 21,46,000 Equity 
Shares at ₹146.00 per Equity Share (including 
a share premium of ₹ 141.00 per Equity Share) 
(“Anchor Investor Allocation Price”), to Anchor 
Investors pursuant to Initial Public Offer (“IPO”) of 
the company.
g. Further, on 17th December 2024, the IPO Committee 
approved the (a) allotment of 64,05,000 equity 
shares of C 5/- each offered by way of Fresh Issue 
and (b) transfer of 11,30,000 Equity Shares offered 
by way of Offer for Sale; aggregating 75,35,000 
Equity Shares having face value of C 5/- (Indian 
Rupees Five only) at an Offer Price of C146/- per 
Equity Share (including a share premium of C141/- 
per Equity Share) aggregating to C 1,10,01,10,000/- 
(Indian Rupees One Hundred and Ten Crores One 
Lakh and Ten Thousand only), to the respective 
applicants in various categories, in accordance with 
the basis of allotment approved by BSE Limited, in 
consultation with the Indorient Financial Services 
Limited (“BRLM”), Bigshare Services Private Limited 
 Major achievements during the year under review:
a. 38% Y .O. Y . growth in overall revenue within FY 24-25 
(INR 152.1 Cr) compared to previous FY 23-24 (INR 
109 Cr) by resourceful management and addition 
of RIP core suppliers while reducing dependence 
on single source, thereby contributing to continued 
Revenue expansion despite rapidly rising demand 
affected by extended lead times and global shortage 
of RIP cores and bushings.
b. 75% growth in Export revenue within FY 24-25 (INR 
7.7 Cr.) compared to FY 23-24 (INR 4.4 Cr) with 
>60% contribution from exports to Europe. The 
company unlocked seven new geographies during 
the FY 24-25 – having served new customers from 
Canada, Morocco, Lebanon, South Africa, Thailand, 
Columbia and China during the FY 24-25. Through 
dedicated approach, your company was able to 
successfully complete global audit from two leading 
MNC Transformer OEMs from Germany during the 
F . Y . and is anticipating several orders for end use 
in US/Europe during the next F . Y .  Your company 
participated in several major global exhibitions in 
Europe, USA and Latin America during the FY 24-25 
thereby having established an excellent brand 
presence and having generated considerable 
interest and inquiries from global buyers from target 
markets. From the overall sales of OIP bushings, 
33.2% was exported during FY 24-25.
c. Your company’s global expansion vision achieved 
new milestones during FY 24-25 by incorporation of a 
USA based subsidiary – “Yash HV USA Inc. ” and hiring 
of full-time business development manager based 
in the USA to expand sales footprint across the 
America. The demand-rich American Power market 
is a preferred end-use destination for transformer 
suppliers across the world and your company has 
now taken aggressive expansion steps to expand 
sales within those markets. Your company’s 
exports have grown at a C.A.G.R. of 52.8% over the 
past 3 years.
d. To further realize the company’s business 
development in Europe, your company entered into 
agency agreements with noteworthy Switzerland 
based Weidmann Electrical Technology AG who 
shall represent the company’s OIP and High current 
bushing products in major European countries 
such as Germany, Spain, Italy, France, Portugal, 
Benelux as well as North African countries. With 
over 140 years of experience, Weidmann has been 
at the forefront of the transformer industry, offering 
specialized products and services for the global 
energy sector. Known for innovation and quality, 
Weidmann partners closely work with customers to 
deliver integrated solutions that address the evolving 
challenges of the industry.   This agreement will 
enable your company to establish stronger reach 
in European markets. Your company also signed a 
distributorship agreement with Electro link for the 
UK market, thereby creating a business reach in this 
market and commenced executing orders for the UK 
market in FY 2024-25.
e. The dedicated approach of the management team 
to multiply and increase the export contribution in 
the overall sales also brought forward the landmark 
order booking of greater than ₹ 11 Cr during FY 24-25, 
which was almost double compared to around 
C 6.2 Cr Order input for FY 23-24.
f. Your company could complete the expansion of 
OIP manufacturing unit at the existing premises, 
with successful completion of manufacturing area 
extension, commissioning of high-speed wide-
band winding machines, new autoclave systems 
as well as new assembly and oil flooding stations 
for OIP bushings, thereby expanding the company’s 
manufacturing capacity to ~10,000 units annually 
as compared to previous capacity of ~6000 units 
annually. This capacity enhancement shall further 
enable your company to cater the rapidly rising 
global demand for transformer bushings.
g. The range expansion of OIP bushings upto 245kV 
saw rapidly increasing interest during the FY 24-25 
and is expected to continue during FY 25-26, thereby 
extending the opportunity for revenue expansion by 
sales of higher voltage and higher valued products.
h. Your company could develop an extensive product 
range upto 230kV for USA-IEEE markets and 
executed several orders for transformer bushings 
with end destination in the USA during the FY 24-25. 
The new product addition also included a special 
and complete range of short-tail bushings to cater to 
the European market, and your company executed 
orders for these products during the FY 24-25 and 
exported them to Europe as well as some customers 
in Latin America. The demand for short tail bushings 
and IEEE USA bushings is seeing a rapid rise after 
these product additions.
i. Your company’s plans to foray into indigenous 
manufacturing of RIP bushings have progressed well 
during the FY 24-25, with construction of a green-
field factory (Unit-II) already under-way along with 
ordering of several critical manufacturing equipment 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
34 35
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 21]
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015, read with Regulation 15 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, 
regulations of corporate governance are not applicable 
to company. However, the major information of the 
corporate governance are already available in this report 
in the interest of the shareholders of the Company.
 Hence, this Annual Report does not contain the a 
Separate Corporate Governance Report. However, some 
of the important contents are already covered as a part of 
this Director’s Report.
10. Material changes and commitment occurred 
after the end of the Financial Year and up to the 
date of the Report:
 No material changes and commitments affecting the 
financial position of the Company occurred between the 
end of the financial year and up to the date of this report.
11. Subsidiary Company or Joint Venture Company 
or Associate Company:
 During the year under review, in January 2025, the 
Company has acquired “ABHIGAM FOUNDATION” by 
purchasing 10,000 equity shares of C 10 each, aggregating 
to C 1,00,000 (Rupees one lac only), as a CSR arm of 
the Company.
 Further, during the financial year 2025-26, the Company 
has incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary Company 
in USA under the name & style “Yash HV USA Inc. ” in the 
state of Texas on 21 st April 2025, for the further growth 
of business.
 Further, the Board of Directors of the Company at its 
meeting held on 20 th May 2025, has also approved the 
acquisition of “YASH HV POWER COMPONENTS PRIVATE 
LIMITED” by purchasing 1000 equity shares of C 10/- each 
aggregating to C 10,000, for the business of Sales and 
Service Segment of Transformer Components and sub-
station equipment.
12. Adequacy of Internal Control System:
 There is an adequate internal control system including 
Internal Finance Control system in the Company with 
reference to process and working operations.
13. Deposits:
 The Company has neither accepted nor renewed any 
deposits from the public during the year under review to 
which the provisions of the Companies (Acceptance of 
Deposits) Rules 2014 apply.
 As on 31 st March 2025, the company has outstanding 
unsecured loan of C NIL from the directors and 
their relatives.
14. Loans, Guarantees or Investments made under 
section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013:
 Pursuant to provisions of section 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, during the year under review, no loan or 
guarantee given by the Company and no investments in 
the securities of any other company are made, except as 
mentioned in Point no. 11 above.
15. Transfer to Investor Education & Protection 
Fund:
 The provisions of Section 125(2) of the Companies Act 
2013 do not apply as there was no amount required to be 
transferred to the Investor Education & Protection Fund.
16. Board Evaluation:
 The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation 
of its own performance, board committees and individual 
directors pursuant to the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013. The performance of the Board was evaluated by 
the board after seeking input from all the directors on the 
basis of the criteria such as the board composition and 
structure, effectiveness of board process, information 
and functioning etc.
 The Board was of the view that the performance of 
the Board as a whole was adequate and fulfilled the 
parameters stipulated in the evaluation framework in 
its pro-growth activity. The Board also ensured that the 
Committee functioned adequately and independently in 
terms of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Further, the individual directors fulfilled their applicable 
responsibilities and duties laid down by the Companies 
Act, 2013 and at the same time contributed with their 
valuable knowledge, experience and expertise to grab the 
opportunity and counter the adverse challenges faced by 
the Company during the year.
17. Board of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnels (KMPs):
 During the year under review, Mr. Suril Saumil Mehta 
(DIN:09804792) is appointed as a Director of the Company 
on 24 th March 2024. Mr. Harthmuth Udo Enrich Fethke 
(DIN:10697584) is appointed as a Director of the Company 
on 5th July 2024. Mr. Rabindra Nath Nayak (DIN:02658070) 
and Mr. Sanjoy Kumar Goel (DIN:10659968)  are 
appointed as Independent Directors on 29 th June 2024. 
Subsequently, their appointments were regularized at the 
Annual General Meeting held on 8th July 2024.
 Further, Mr. Sanjoy Kumar Goel (DIN: 10659968) tendered 
his resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company 
with effect from 4th March 2025.
(“Registrar to the Offer”) and the Company, in the 
following manner:
No. of Equity Shares 
Allotted/Transferred
Category 
of Investors
25,06,000 Equity Shares Retail Individual 
Investors
10,74,000 Equity Shares Non-Individual 
Investors
3,77,000 Equity Shares Market Maker
35,78,000 Equity Shares Qualified Institutional 
Buyers (QIB) including 
Anchor Investors
h. The existing paid-up Share Capital of the Company is 
28551249 equity shares of C 5/- each aggregating to 
C 1427.56 Lacs.
 The Company has not issued shares with differential 
voting rights during the year under review.  The 
Company has not issued any sweat equity shares 
during the year under review and hence no 
information as per provisions of Rule 8(13) of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 
2014 is furnished.
 There are no shares held by trustees for the benefit of 
employees and hence no disclosure under Rule 16(4) 
of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 has been furnished.
6. Initial Public Offer (IPO) of the Company:
 Your directors are pleased to inform you that, the Company 
has completed its Initial Public Offer (“IPO”) of 75,35, ,000 
Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 5/- each at an issue price 
of ₹146/- aggregating to ₹ 110.01 Crore.
 The Offer was made pursuant to Regulation 6(1) of 
SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. The equity shares of the Company were 
listed on BSE Limited on SME Platform December 19, 2024.
7. DETAILS OF UTILISATION OF FUNDS & 
STATEMENT OF DEVIATION(S) OR VARIATION(S):
 Pursuant to Regulation 32 (1) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations/LODR’) there was no deviation/
variation in the utilization of proceeds as mentioned in 
the Prospectus.
 The Objects for which funds have been raised and where there has been any deviation/ variation, if any as on 31st March 2025 
is as tabled below:
Sr. 
No. Original Object
Modified 
Object, if 
any
Original 
Allocation
C In Lacs
Modified 
allocation, 
if any
Funds 
Utilized
 C In Lacs
Amount of 
Deviation/Variation 
for the quarter 
according to 
applicable object
1 Setting up a new factory to 
manufacture RIP/RIS transformer 
condenser graded bushings.
NOT 
APPLICABLE
7033.98 NOT 
APPLICABLE
1708.28 NOT APPLICABLE
2 General Corporate Purposes. NOT 
APPLICABLE
 1476.15 NOT 
APPLICABLE
260.26 NOT APPLICABLE
3 Issue Expenses paid NOT 
APPLICABLE
841.17 NOT 
APPLICABLE
841.17 NOT APPLICABLE
8. EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME:
 The Board of Directors of the Company at its Board 
meeting held on 9 th January 2025 considered and 
approved the “Yash Highvoltage Employee Stock Option 
Scheme 2025” (ESOP 2025) subject to the approval of 
the Shareholders. The Shareholders of the Company, by 
postal ballot approved the said scheme on 7th March 2025 
for 11,42,000 Stock Options to be offered to the employees 
of the Company. The Company has already received the 
In-principal approval from the BSE Limited vide their letter 
dated 7th April 2025 for issue and allotment of 11,42,000 
Equity shares of C 5/- each to be allotted by the Company 
upon exercise of stock options in terms of the Securities 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits 
and Sweat Equity) Regulations 2021.
9. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
 Your company provides utmost importance at best 
Governance Practices and are designated to act in the 
best interest of its stakeholders. Better governance 
practice enables the Company to introduce more 
effective internal controls suitable to the changing nature 
of business operations, improve performance and provide 
an opportunity to increase stakeholders understanding of 
the key activities and policies of the Organization.
 Further Pursuant to Regulation 27(2) of SEBI (Listing 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
36 37
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 22]
19. Declarations from Independent Directors on 
Annual Basis:
 Pursuant to section 134(3)(d) of the Act, your Company 
confirms having received necessary declarations from 
all the Independent Directors under section 149(7) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 declaring that they meet the 
criteria of independence laid down under Section 149(6) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
 Independent Directors have submitted their declaration 
of independence, stating that:
(i)  they continue to fulfil the criteria of independence 
as required pursuant to section 149(6) read with 
schedule IV of the Act and regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
(ii)  they have confirmed that they are not aware of any 
circumstances or situation which exist or may be 
anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability 
to discharge their duties in terms of regulation 25(8) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
(iii)  they are not debarred from holding the office of 
Director pursuant to any SEBI order or order of any 
such authority; and
(iv)  there has been no change in the circumstances 
affecting their status as Independent Director of 
the Company.
 All Independent Directors have affirmed compliance 
with the code of conduct for independent directors as 
prescribed in schedule IV to the Act. The Board is of the 
opinion that the Independent Directors of the Company 
possess requisite qualifications, skills, experience and 
expertise and they hold the highest standards of integrity 
(including proficiency) and fulfil the conditions specified in 
the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent 
of the management.
20. Meetings:
 During the year under review, Thirteen Board Meetings were convened and held as per the details provided in below table:
Sr. 
No.
Type of 
meeting Date of Meeting Total Number of Directors as on 
the date of the meeting.
No. of Directors 
attended
1 Board Meeting 02-04-2024 3 2
2 Board Meeting 19-04-2024 3 3
3 Board Meeting 24-04-2024 3 3
4 Board Meeting 31-05-2024 3 3
5 Board Meeting 29-06-2024 3 3
6 Board Meeting 22-07-2024 6 3
7 Board Meeting 06-08-2024 6 5
8 Board Meeting 14-10-2024 6 5
9 Board Meeting 15-10-2024 6 5
10 Board Meeting 06-12-2024 6 5
11 Board Meeting 09-01-2025 6 5
12 Board Meeting 05-03-2025 5 4
13 Board Meeting 19-03-2025 5 4
 Further, during the year under review, the Annual General Meeting was held on 8 th July 2024 and Extra-Ordinary General 
Meetings were held on 19 th April 2024 and 30 th August 2024. One resolution regarding ESOP Scheme of the Company was 
passed by the Shareholders of the Company by Postal ballot on 7th March 2025.
21. Director’s Responsibility Statement:
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors confirms that:
a. in the preparation of the Annual Accounts for the year ended March 31, 2025, the applicable accounting standards have 
been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures, if any;
b. the Directors had selected Appropriate accounting policies have been applied them.
 Appointment of KMPs:
 During the year under review, Mr. Sumit P . Poddar is 
appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Tushar J. 
Lakhmapurkar is appointed as Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer of the Company, with effect from 1 st 
August 2024.
18. Committee of Directors:
 As on March 31, 2025, the Board has following Three 
Statutory committees:
          AUDIT COMMITTEE:
          Composition:
MEMBERS OF 
COMMITTEE Position Category
Rabindranath Nayak Chairman Independent Director
Suril Saumil Mehta Member Independent Director
Twinkle K. Shah Member Non-Executive Director
 Terms of Reference:
 The terms of reference of Audit Committee include 
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process 
and disclosure of financial information, reviewing with 
the management, the half yearly and annual financial 
statements before submission to the Board for approval; 
reviewing with the management, the performance 
of Statutory and Internal Auditors and adequacy of 
internal control systems and all other roles specified 
under Regulation 18 of Listing regulations and as per 
Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 
framed thereunder.
         NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:
          Composition:
MEMBERS OF 
COMMITTEE Position Category
Suril Saumil Mehta  Chairman Independent Director
Rabindranath Nayak Member Independent Director
Twinkle K. Shah  Member Non-Executive Director
 Term of Reference:
• Determine/ recommend the criteria for appointment 
of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent 
Directors to the Board and Identify candidates who 
are qualified to become Directors and who may be 
appointed in the Committee and recommend to the 
Board their appointment and removal.
• Review and determine all elements of remuneration 
package of all the Executive Directors, i.e. salary, 
benefits, bonuses, stock options, pension etc;
• Review and determine fixed component and 
performance linked incentives for Directors, along 
with the performance criteria;
• Determine policy on service contracts, notice period, 
severance fees for Directors and Senior Management.
• Formulate criteria and carry out evaluation of each 
Director’s performance and performance of the 
Board as a whole;
• Structure and design a suitable retaining Policy for 
board and senior management team.
 STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
 Composition:
MEMBERS OF 
COMMITTEE Position Category
Suril Saumil Mehta  Chairman Independent Director
Keyur G. Shah Member Executive Director
Twinkle K. Shah  Member Non-Executive Director
 Term of Reference:
 The Committee ensures cordial investor relations and 
oversees the mechanism for redressal of investors’ 
grievances. The Committee specifically looks into 
redressing shareholders’/ investors’ complaints/ 
grievances pertaining to share transfers, non-receipt 
of annual reports, non-receipt of dividend and other 
allied complaints. This Committee delegated most of its 
functions to Registrar and Transfer Agents i.e. “Bigshare 
Services Private Limited” and has periodic interaction with 
the representatives of the Registrar and Transfer Agent 
of the Company. The Committee performs the following 
functions: -
• Noting Transfer/Transmission of shares.
• Review of Dematerialization/
Rematerialization of shares.
• Issue of new and duplicate share certificates.
• Registration of Power of Attorneys, Probate, Letters 
of Transmission or similar other documents.
• Monitor expeditious redressal of investor grievance 
matters received from Stock Exchange(s), 
SEBI, ROC, etc.;
• Monitors redressal of queries/complaints received 
from members relating to transfers, non-receipt of 
Annul Report, dividend, etc.
• All other matters related to shares.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
38 39
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 23]
against its obligation of ₹ 30.32 Lakh. Pursuant to the 
recommendation by Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee and approval by the Board of Directors.
 The Annual Report on CSR activities of the Company 
has been attached as Annexure – B and forms part of 
this Report.
26. Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and Maternity Benefit 
Act, 1961:
 Your Company is committed in providing a healthy 
environment to all employees that enables them to 
work without the fear of prejudice and gender bias. Your 
Company has in place a Prevention of Sexual Harassment 
(POSH) Policy in line with the requirements of the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and maternity 
Benefit Act, 1961.
 Your Company through this policy has constituted Internal 
Complaints Committee under the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013 and your Company has complied 
with its provisions. No complaints were pending at the 
beginning of the year or no complaint received during the 
year the Financial Year 2024-25.
 The Company is complying with all the provisions of the 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and related provisions there of.
27. Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption 
and Foreign Earnings and Outgo:
 The information pertaining to conservation of energy, 
technology absorption, foreign exchange Earnings and 
outgo as required under Section 134(3) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014 is furnished:
(A)  Conservation of energy:
 Steps taken / impact on conservation of energy, with 
special reference to the following:
1. Motion sensor for light on/off control system is 
installed in some of the offices and the same is 
under process of implementation with coverage of 
all offices.
2. On day-to-day basis, checking for compressed air 
line for any leakage.
3. HVAC system operation training is provided to 
production team as ongoing process to keep off 
when not in use especially for 3rd shift at Factory.
(B)  Technology absorption:
1. Efforts, in brief, are made towards technology 
absorption. Benefits derived as a result of the above 
efforts, e.g., product improvement, cost reduction, 
product development, import substitution, etc.
• Design Optimization: We have started improving 
and standardizing designs for new components 
based on engineering guidelines to make them 
more efficient and easier to produce.
• Cost Reduction: We changed the design of the 
transport bolt and reduced its height. This helps 
to save material and to reduce costs.
• Product Development: We are currently making 
three bushings using a Unigel filling material. 
These bushings are now going through internal 
testing to check their performance.
• Sustainability Efforts: We are working on 
using corrugated boxes instead of wooden 
(Jungle wood) boxes for packing bushings. 
This change will help to reduce negative 
environmental impact.
2. In the case of imported technology (imported during 
the last 3 years reckoned from the beginning of 
the financial year), the following information may 
be furnished:
 NOT APPLICABLE
3. Expenditure incurred on Research and Development: 
C 109.94 Lacs
(C)  Foreign exchange earnings and Outgo :
PARTICULARS Amt (C In Lacs)
Foreign Exchange earned in terms of 
actual inflows during the year.
     765.96  
Foreign Exchange outgo during the 
year in terms of actual outflows.
7240.94
28. VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY:
 In line with the provisions of the Section 177(9) of the 
Companies Act, 2013,  your Company has adopted 
Whistle Blower Policy, as part of vigil mechanism to provide 
appropriate avenues to the Directors and employees to 
bring to the attention of the management any issue which 
is perceived to be in violation of or in conflict with the 
fundamental business principles of the Company.
 This vigil mechanism provides for adequate safeguards 
against victimization of employees and directors who avail 
of the vigil mechanism and also provide for direct access 
to the chairperson of the Audit committee, in exceptional 
cases. The Company Secretary is the designated officer 
for effective implementation of the policy and dealing with 
the complaints registered under the policy.
 consistently and judgements and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent have been made, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at the end of financial year and of the 
profit & loss of the Company for that period.
c. the Directors had taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud 
and other irregularities.
d. the Directors had prepared the annual accounts on a 
going concern basis.
e. the Directors had laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and 
were operating effectively.
f. the Directors had devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
22. Auditors:
a. Statutory Auditors:
 At the Annual General Meeting held on 8 th July, 
2024, M/s. Shah Mehta & Bakshi, a firm of Chartered 
Accountants, Vadodara (FRN No. 103824W) having 
a valid Peer review Certificate issued by the Peer 
Review Board of ICAI, were appointed as Statutory 
Auditor of the Company from the conclusion of 22 nd 
Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 
Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2029, 
at a remuneration as may be decided by and between 
the Auditors and Management of the Company.
 The Auditors’ Report for the financial year ended 
on March 31, 2025, has been provided in “Financial 
Statements” forming part of this Annual Report.
 The report of the Statutory Auditor does not contain 
any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or 
disclaimer. The observations made in the Auditor’s 
Report are self-explanatory and therefore do not call 
for any further comments.
b. Internal Auditors:
 M/s. K C Mehta & Co LLP (LLPIN – ABB-3171) is 
registered as Partnership with limited liability, 
having their registered office in Vadodara, has been 
appointed as an Internal Auditor of the company 
for the Financial Year 2024-25 and continues until 
resolved further. Internal Auditor is appointed by 
the Board of Directors of the Company on a yearly 
basis based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee. The Internal Auditor reports their findings 
on the Internal Audit of the Company, to the Audit 
Committee on a half-yearly basis. The scope of the 
internal audit is approved by the Audit Committee.
c. Secretarial Auditor:
 Pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and rules made thereunder, the Company 
has appointed M/s. Kashyap Shah & Co., Practicing 
Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditor of the 
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 
2025. The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 
for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, is 
attached to the Director’s Report and forming part of 
this Annual Report. (Annexure-D)
 The report of the Secretarial auditor does not contain 
any qualification, reservation, adverse remark 
or disclaimer.
23. Explanations on Qualifications/ Adverse 
Remarks contained in the Audit Report:
 There was no qualification, reservations or adverse 
remarks made by the Auditors in their report. Observations 
of the Auditors are self explanatory and do not call for 
further information.
24. Frauds reported under Section 143(12) of the 
Companies Act, 2013:
 No fraud was noticed by the Auditors under Section 
143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013.
25. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR):
 The Company has constituted Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. The CSR Committee 
has formulated and recommended to the Board, a CSR 
Policy which provides the overview of projects or programs 
and the guiding principles for selection, implementation 
and monitoring of the CSR activities, which has been 
approved by the Board. The CSR Policy adopted by 
Board is available on the website of the Company and is 
accessible through the link:
 https://yashhv.com/policies-code-of-conduct-practices
 As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, a 
company meeting the specified criteria shall spend at 
least 2% of its average net profits for three immediately 
preceding financial years towards CSR activities. 
Accordingly, Company has to spent ₹ 30.32 Lakh towards 
CSR activities during the financial year 2024-25.
 The Board of Directors noted that Company’s CSR spend 
for the year ended March31, 2025, was ₹ 31.13 Lakh as 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
40 41
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 24]
Annexure A to Boards’ Report
Form No. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/ arrangements entered by the company with related parties referred 
to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transactions under third 
proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: NIL
Name(s) of 
the related 
party and 
nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Duration 
of the 
contracts/ 
arrangement/ 
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or transactions 
including the 
value, if any
Justification 
for entering 
into 
contracts or 
arrangements 
or ransactions
date(s) of 
approval 
by the 
Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
Date of 
special 
resolution 
as per first 
proviso to 
section 188
- - - - - - - -
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis:
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
PAN No.
Nature of contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/ 
arrangement/ 
transactions
Salient terms of the 
contracts or arrangements 
or transactions including 
the value, if any
(C IN LACS)
date(s) of 
approval 
by the 
Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances,
if any
Keyur Shah – Director
AFOPS7301H Rent 01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 26.72 -- -
Keyur Shah – Director
AFOPS7301H
Directors Remuneration 
& Perquisites
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 140.02
Keyur Shah – Director
AFOPS7301H
Reimbursement of Issue 
expenses of IPO (Refer 
Note no. 39 of the Notes 
to Accounts)
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 169.67
Keyur Shah – Director
AFOPS7301H
Personal Guarantee 
Commission
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 66.21 -- -
Twinkle Shah-Director
ALUPS6156Q
Professional Fees- 
consultancy fees
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 22.40
Abhigam Foundation- 
Investment made in 
wholly owned subsidiary 
Company
ABBCA8511H
Investment in Share 
Capital
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 1.00
Abhigam Foundation- 
Section-8, Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary
ABBCA8511H
CSR Contribution 01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 10.46
Mr. Sumit Poddar
AKUPP7106N
Mr. Tushar Lakhmapurkar
AALPL5779Q
Salary & Perquisites of 
KMPs
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025
31.11
8.22
Green Electrical Pvt. 
Ltd.- relative of Director 
interested
AACCG4053A
Purchases/Office 
Expense/Sales 
Promotion Expenses/
Issue Expense
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 0.02
lncredible Garden Art- 
Director is interested
ALUPS6156Q
Purchases/Office 
Expense/Sales 
Promotion Expenses/
Issue Expense
01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 8.57
 During the year under review, no incidence under the 
above mechanism was reported.
29. CODE OF CONDUCT:
 The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct to regulate, 
monitor and report trading by Designated Persons 
[Pursuant to Regulation 9 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015]. This Code of Conduct is intended to prevent misuse 
of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”) by 
Designated Persons and their immediate relatives.
30. PARTICULARS OF THE EMPLOYEES AND 
RELATED DISCLOSURES:
 Your directors placed on record the sense of appreciation 
for the valuable contribution made by the staff members 
of the Company and hope that their continued support 
will help in achieving the goals of the Company.
 Disclosure pertaining to remuneration and other details 
as required under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
is attached as Annexure ‘C' .
 In terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Act read 
with Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, 
as amended, a statement showing the names and other 
particulars of the employees in terms of the remuneration 
is attached as Annexure ‘C' .
31. Related Parties Transactions:
 The particulars of transactions or contracts entered, 
or arrangements made with related parties pursuant to 
provisions of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 
is provided in Annexure A (in the format AOC-2) and is 
attached to this Report.
 Details of related party transactions entered by the 
Company, in terms of Accounting Standard-18 have been 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements forming 
part of this Report.
32. Annual Return:
 Annual return of Company has been made available on 
the website of the Company- www.yashhv.com
33. Significant and material order passed by the 
Regulators/ courts:
 During the year under review, no significant and material 
order was passed by the Regulators or courts.
34. Maintenance of Cost Record:
 Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act 2013 read 
with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 
2014, the provisions of the Cost Audit are applicable 
w.e.f. FY 2024-25 as your Company falls under Table-B 
Category which is Non-Regulated Sector. The Company 
has appointed Y .S. Thakar & Co, Cost & Management 
Accountants, Vadodara as Cost Auditor in terms of the 
aforesaid provisions of the Act and Rules thereof.
35. Compliance of Applicable Secretarial 
Standards:
 During the financial year under review, the Company 
had complied with applicable Secretarial Standards on 
Board and General Meetings specified by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India pursuant to Section 
118 of the Act.
36. Details of application made or any proceedings 
pending under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016 during the FY along with the current status:
 During the year under Review, neither any application was 
made nor are any proceedings pending under Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
37. The details of difference between amount of 
the valuation done at the time of one-time 
settlement and the valuation done while taking 
loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions 
along with the reasons thereof:
 Not Applicable
38. Life at Yash Highvoltage Limited:
 At Yash Highvoltage, we embrace the ethos of empowering 
our employees by providing regular training sessions and 
meetings to foster their growth and development.
 Furthermore, we commemorated significant events such 
as Safety Week and International Women’s Day to raise 
awareness and promote inclusivity at Yash Highvoltage.
 FY 2024-25 was a year full of joy, laughter, and celebrating 
festivals and special occasions in Yash! 
39. Acknowledgments:
 The Chairman & Board of Directors of the Company 
takes this opportunity in expressing their gratitude to the 
bankers of the Company. The Board also acknowledges 
the continuous support received from its shareholders, 
stakeholders and employees of the Company.
On behalf of the Board
For Yash Highvoltage Limited
Place : Vadodara KEYUR G SHAH
Date  : 11th August, 2025 Chairman
DIN-01064190
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
42 43
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 25]
Annexure  B
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy: -
 The Company is committed to its stakeholders to conduct its business in a responsible manner that creates a sustained 
positive impact on society. This means working with underserved communities to improve the quality of their life and preserve 
the ecosystem that supports the communities and the Company. e are building an increased commitment at all levels in the 
organization to operate our business in an economically, socially & environmentally sustainable manner, while recognizing the 
interests of all stakeholders.
2. Composition of the CSR Committee: NOT APPLICABLE
3.   Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed 
on the website of the company : www.yashhv.com
4.  Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report). :- Not applicable
5.  Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any.
Sl. 
No. Financial Year Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in C)
Amount required to be set off for the 
financial year, if any (in C)
1 2021-2022 NIL NIL
2 2022-2023 NIL NIL
3 2023-2024 NIL NIL
6.  Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) :- C 1516.24 Lacs
7. (a)  Two percent of average net profit of the company asper section 135(5):- C 30.32  Lacs
(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmers or activities of the previous financial years: - NIL
(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any :- NIL
(d)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c) :- C 30.32  lacs
(e)  Details of Related Party Transactions in CSR- Contribution to Section- 8 Company, Wholly Owned Subsidiary : C 10.46 
Lacs  (included in (d) above)
8.  (a)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:-
Total Amount
Spent for the
Financial Year.
(in C)
Amount Unspent (in C)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).
Amount Date of Transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
C 31.13 Lacs NIL NA NA NIL NA
 (b)  Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:
Sl.
No.
Name
of the
Project
Item from 
the List of 
activities
in Schedule 
VII to the 
Act
Local
area
(Yes/N)
Location 
of the
Project.
Project
duration
Amount
allocated
for the
project
(in C).
Amount 
spent in
the current
financial 
Year
 (in C)
Amount
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account for the
project as per 
section 135(6)
(inC)
Mode of
Imple-
menta-
tion -
Direct
(Yes/No).
Mode of 
Imple-
mentation 
-Through 
Imple-
menting
Agency
1 NA NA NA NA NA NIL NIL NIL NA NA
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
PAN No.
Nature of contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/ 
arrangement/ 
transactions
Salient terms of the 
contracts or arrangements 
or transactions including 
the value, if any
(C IN LACS)
date(s) of 
approval 
by the 
Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances,
if any
Green Electrical Pvt. 
Ltd.- relative of Director 
interested
AACCG4053A
Repairs & Maintenance 01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 1.40
Green Electrical Pvt. 
Ltd.- relative of Director 
interested
AACCG4053A
PPE (incl CWIP) 01/04/2024 to 
31/03/2025 0.75
MGC Moser Glaser 
AG- holding 25.70% 
shares in the company
-N.A.-
Purchase including 
Goods in Transit
01/04/2023 to 
31/03/2024 144.59
On behalf of the Board
For Yash Highvoltage Limited
Place: Vadodara KEYUR G SHAH
Date  : 11th August, 2025 Chairman
DIN-01064190
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
44 45
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 26]
Annexure  C
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
The information required under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are as follows:
1. The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company and the 
percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary 
in the financial year:
Name Ratio to median 
remuneration
% increase in remuneration in 
the financial year
KEYUR G. SHAH- MANAGING DIRECTOR 27.56 Times NOT APPLICABLE
SUMIT P . PODDAR- CFO 7.34 Times NOT APPLICABLE
TUSHAR J. LAKHMAPURKAR - COMPANY SECRETARY 3.01 Times NOT APPLICABLE
2. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: NIL
3. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company: - 156
4. Average percentile increases already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and 
point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration.
5. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: The Company affirms that the remuneration 
is as per the remuneration policy of the Company. The information pursuant to Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is not applicable to the company as no employee is in 
receipt of remuneration exceeding C 8,50,000/- per month or C 1,02,00,000/- per annum except as provided below:
Statement under Rule 5 (2) & (3)  Of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:
The details of remuneration of Managerial personnel for the Financial year 2024-25 falling under the said Rules are as under:
Sr. 
No. PARTICULARS DETAILS
1 Name of Employee Keyur Girishchandra Shah
2 Designation Managing Director
3 Remuneration received C 140.02 Lacs
4 Nature of Employment Permanent
5 Qualification and Experience Diploma in Civil Engineer with 25 years of experience.
6 Date of Commencement of employment 25.03.2008
7 Age of Employee 48 years
8 Last Employment details --
9 % of Equity Shares held in the Company as on 31st March 2025. 53.14
10 Whether any such employee is relative of any Director or 
Manager of the Company and if so, name of such Director/
Manager.
Mrs. Twinkle G. Shah, (Spouse)
Director of the Company.
 (c)  Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
Sr. 
No. Name of Project CSR 
Object
LOCAL 
AREA 
(Y/N)
Location of 
Project
Amount 
Spent for 
project 
(in C)
Mode of 
Implemen-
tation – 
Direct (Y/N)
Mode of 
implementation
Through 
implementing
Agency.
1 Abhigam Foundation CSR Arm of 
Company
10,46,325 No
2 BAPS PUBLIC CHARITABLE TRUST Education No Dharampur 1,70,000 No CSR00004193
3 Madhur Caterers Education No Valsad 25,000 Yes
4 RCBC FOUNDATION Education Yes Vadodara 50,000 Yes
5 RUDRA INFO SOLUTION Healthcare Yes Muni Seva 
Ashram 
Goraj
2,21,604 No
6 BARODA MANAGEMENT OF 
ASSOCIATION
Education Yes Vadodara 1,00,000 Yes
7 BHAKTIDHAM SEVA TRUST Food & 
Nutrition
No Ahmedabad 3,00,000 No CSR00051448
8 HERITAGE TRUST Environment Yes Vadodara 2,50,000 Yes CSR00017244
9 SOCIETY FOR VILLAGE 
DEVELOPMENT IN 
PETROCHEMICALS AREA (SVADES)
Environment Yes Ankodiya 
Village 
Vadodara
9,50,476 No CSR00002452
Total 31,13,405
 (d)  Amount spent in Administrative Overheads:  NIL
 (e)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NA
 (f)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e):-C 23.86 lacs
 (g)  Excess amount for set off, if any:-
Sl. 
No. Particular Amount (C in lacs)
1 Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 1516.24
2 Total amount spent for the Financial Year 30.32
3 Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 0.81
4 Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial 
years, if any
NIL
6 Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years[(iii)-(iv)] NIL
9.  (a)  Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: NIL
 (b)  Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): NIL
10. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR 
spent in the financial year (asset-wise details): NOT APPLICABLE
(a)  Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s). 
(b)  Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset.
(c)  Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc.
(d)  Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset).
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5):  N.A
Keyur Shah Twinkle Shah
Director Director
Place: Vadodara
Date: 11th August, 2025
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
46 47
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 27]
Annexure  D
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
(For the Financial year ended on 31st March, 2025)
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Yash Highvoltage Limited
L.S. NO.84/1- A&B, PO Khakariya,
Savli-Halol Road,
Khakharia, Savli, Gujarat, India, 391510.
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practice by YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial 
year ended on 31 st March, 2025, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper 
Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company, for the 
financial year ended on 31st March, 2025, according to the provisions of:
1. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder.
2. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
3. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
4. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment and Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings.
5. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’).
A. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
B. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
C. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
D. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
E. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021. - Not 
Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period;
F . The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding 
the Companies Act and dealing with client;
G. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021. - Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period; and
H. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018. - Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period;
LIST OF TOP TEN EMPLOYEES IN TERMS OF REMUNERATION DRAWN:
Sr. 
No. Name Designation Remunera-
tion (in C)
Nature of Em-
ployment- 
Contractual/
Permanent
Date of 
Commence-
ment
Age
% of Equity 
shares 
held in Co.
Whether 
relative of any 
Director, if so, 
name of such 
Director
1 Keyur  Shah Managing Director 1,40,01,693 Permanent 01-Jun-2008 48 53.34 YES
2 Gautam Nikam Executive Director 45,17,423 Permanent 21-Feb-2011 34 0.13 NO
3 Nirav Patel Executive Director 47,61,090 Permanent 09-Mar-2012 40 0.13 NO
4 Satish Ashtakar Sr VP Operations 40,09,199 Permanent 18-Mar-2024 50 N.A. NO
5 Sumit 
Samarendra 
Poddar
CFO 35,39,286 Permanent 01-Sep-2022 55 N.A. NO
6 Vidyadhar 
Shevade
Sr. Vice President 22,94,449 Permanent 01-Aug-2024 58 N.A. NO
7 Jatin Tyagi Assistant General 
Manager
21,72,658 Permanent 21-Jan-2018 37 N.A. NO
8 Abhijit Vilashrao 
Ballawar
Sr. Manager 21,37,880 Permanent 16-Sep-2020 34 N.A. NO
9 Girish Kulkarni GM - QA & Services 21,35,408 Permanent 23-May-2022 58 N.A. NO
10 Sanjay Surti Sr. Manager - 
Projects
19,82,244 Permanent 08-Jun-2023 48 N.A. NO
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
48 49
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 28]
f. The IPO Committee allotted (a) 21,46,000 Equity Shares at ₹146.00 per Equity Share (including a share premium of ₹ 
141.00 per Equity Share) to Anchor Investors pursuant to Initial Public Offer ("IPO") of the company on December 11, 2024 
(b) 64,05,000 equity shares of H 5/- each at ₹146.00 per Equity Share (including a share premium of ₹ 141.00 per Equity Share) 
offered by way of Fresh Issue on December 17, 2024 and  transfer of 11,30,000 Equity Shares offered by way of Offer for Sale 
in accordance with the basis of allotment approved by BSE Limited. The equity shares of the Company were listed on BSE 
Limited on SME Platform December 19, 2024.
g. On January 9, 2025, the Company invested in “ABHIGAM FOUNDATION” , a company registered under Section 8 of the 
Companies Act, by acquiring 10,000 equity shares of ₹10 each, thereby becoming its holding company.
h. On March 7, 2025, the shareholders approved “Yash Highvoltage Employee Stock Option Scheme 2025” for the employees of 
the Company through postal ballot process.
For Kashyap Shah & Co. 
Practising Company Secretaries
KASHYAP SHAH 
Proprietor
FCS No. 7662; CP No. 6672
Place: Vadodara UDIN:  F007662G000974397
Date: 11.08.2025 PR No. 1378/2021
I.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
(“Listing Regulations”)
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: (i) The mandatory Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and 
SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
During the period under review, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the applicable Acts, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, and Standards except that the public advertisements with respect to dispatch of postal ballot notice were not 
published in the newspapers. The Company did not file the FC-GPR with the Reserve Bank of India for the issuance of Bonus Equity 
Shares to a non-resident shareholder on 22 July 2024; the filing process is currently underway. The capture of some Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information in the structured digital database was pending; the Company has now commenced recording such 
information in the database.
Further, as per representation of management letter, considering its nature of business, process and location, the following 
Acts are specifically applicable to the Company. There are adequate systems and processes in the company to monitor and 
ensure compliance.
1. The Water (prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974 & Rules
2. Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 & Rules
3. Environment Protection Act, 1986 & Rules
4. Water Cess Act, 1997 & Rules
We further report that;
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and 
Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the year under review were 
carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were generally sent 
at least 7 days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
We further report that as per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded and signed by the Chairman, the decisions were carried at 
meetings without any dissent.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
During the year under review:
a. On April 19, 2024, the shareholders passed Special Resolutions for (i) increase of Authorised Share Capital form H 3,50,00,000/- 
to H 7,50,00,000/- consisting 75,00,000 equity shares of H10 each (ii)  alteration of the provisions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association and (iii) issuance of 43,06,215 Equity shares of Rs. 10 each Bonus Shares.
b. On April 24, 2024, the Company made allotment of 43,06,215 Bonus Equity shares of Rs. 10 each in the proportion of Seven 
(7) equity shares for every Five (5) equity shares held by the Members as on record date 19th April 2024.
c. On July 8, 2024, the Shareholders passed Special Resolutions for (i) increase of Authorized Share Capital of the Company from 
H 7,50,00,000/- to H 20,00,00,000/- consisting of 2,00,00,000 equity shares of H 10 each and (ii) sub division of the Face value of 
the equity shares from H 10 each to H 5 each and the authorized share capital of the Company is H 20,00,00,000/- consisting to 
4,00,00,000 equity shares of H 5 each (iii) approval of investment limits for NRI and OCI (iv) Reision of remuneration of Mr. Keyur 
Shah as Managing Director (iv) approval of payment of sum not exceeding one percent of the net profits to the non executive 
directors and (v) issuance of 73,82,083 Equity shares of H 5 each as Bonus Shares.
d. On July 22, 2024, the Company allotted 73,82,083 Bonus shares of H 5 each credited as fully paid-up equity shares in the 
proportion of One (1) equity share for every Two (2) equity shares held by the Members as on record date 8th July 2024.
e. On August 30, 2024 the Shareholders passed Special Resolution for raising of capital through an initial public offering ("IPO") 
of equity shares of the company through a fresh issue and an offer for sale of equity shares of the company.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
50 51
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 29]
Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report
To,
The Members,
Yash Highvoltage Limited 
L.S. NO.84/1- A&B, PO Khakariya, 
Savli-Halol Road, 
Khakharia, Savli, Gujarat, India, 391510.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are 
reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and the practices, we followed provided a reasonable basis for 
our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company. The 
Compliance of applicable financial laws like direct and indirect laws have not been reviewed in this Audit since the same have 
been subject to review by Statutory Financial Audit and Other designated professionals.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of the Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility 
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.         
For Kashyap Shah & Co. 
Practising Company Secretaries
KASHYAP SHAH 
Place: Vadodara Proprietor
Date: 11.08.2025 FCS No. 7662; CP No. 6672
An Overview of the Economy
Management Discussion  
and Analysis
GLOBAL ECONOMY:
Global GDP Growth in 2024
The global GDP growth reached 3.3%, driven by emerging 
economies, fiscal stimulus in China and a strong US economy. 
However, challenges such as strict monetary policies, 
geopolitical tensions and weak demand in key markets 
hindered broader global growth. The US economy grew at 2.8%, 
while Europe saw approximately 0.9% growth due to energy 
shocks. China’s growth slowed to 5% because of issues in the 
property sector and weak exports.
Inflation & Monetary Policy
Global Inflation moderated while remaining above the 
central bank’s targets, averaging  5.8% globally. The Federal 
Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of England 
maintained elevated interest rates prior to implementing 
cautious reductions in late 2024. Emerging markets such as 
Brazil and India also initiated earlier rate cuts to stimulate 
economic growth.
Manufacturing & Commodities
Global manufacturing PMIs hovered near contraction (48-
50), affected by high borrowing costs, weak global demand, 
supply chain adjustments, energy volatility and the transitions 
toward technology and green initiatives. After years of extreme 
volatility, commodity prices have broadly stabilised in 2024.
Global Trade
Trade growth hit a record US$33 trillion, expanding by 3.7% 
compared to the previous year. While most regions saw positive 
growth, Europe and China lagged. However, momentum 
slowed in the second half of the year.
Outlook
Headline inflation is anticipated to decrease to 4.3% in 2025 
and 3.6% in 2026. Significant upward revisions are projected 
for advanced economies, while slight downward revisions 
are expected for emerging and developing economies in 
2025. Although rate reductions may stimulate investment, 
geopolitical risks, particularly those associated with the United 
States and China, as well as tensions in the Middle East and 
debt crises in emerging markets, remain major concerns.
Nevertheless, growth is anticipated to decline to  2.8%, a 
reduction of 0.5 percentage points from the IMF’s January 2025 
estimate. This is primarily attributable to the recently imposed 
United States tariffs, which may disrupt trade, elevate costs, 
and incite retaliatory measures, thereby hindering global 
economic growth and diminishing supply chain efficiency.
Sources: IMF , UNCTAD
https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025
https://unctad.org/news/global-trade-hits-record-33-trillion-2024-driven-services-and-developing-economies
3.3 2.8 3.0
1.8 1.4 1.5
4.3 3.7 3.9
2024 2025 2026 2024 2025 2026 2024 2025 2026
GLOBAL
ECONOMY
ADVANCED
ECONOMIES
EMERGING MARKET &
DEVELOPING ECONOMIES
WORLD ECONOMIC OUTLOOK APRIL 2025
GROWTH PROJECTIONS
(REAL GDP GROWTH. PERCENT CHANGE)
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
52 53
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 30]
of demand by 2050 under current scenarios, as renewables 
encounter scaling challenges like permitting delays and grid 
integration. Geopolitical tensions and trade policies, such as 
potential US tariffs, could further complicate the transition, 
affecting commodity demand and clean energy investments.
Source: International Energy Agency
https://www.iea.org/news/growth-in-global-energy-demand-surged-in-
2024-to-almost-twice-its-recent-average
Global Electrical Bushing Industry
The substantial escalation in electricity consumption has 
strained power grids, thereby amplifying the demand for 
electrical transformers to regulate voltage and enable efficient 
energy distribution. Furthermore, there exists a burgeoning 
necessity for transformers that can integrate renewable energy 
sources, including solar and wind.
The burgeoning transformer market has consequently increased 
global demand for bushings, vital for insulating high-voltage 
transformer systems. This trend is anticipated to continue in 
the forthcoming years. The Global transformer bushing market 
was valued at INR 26,960 Crores and is expected witness a 
CAGR of 5.6% during 2024-2034F . The global shift towards 
the development of new renewable energy projects, large 
scale implementation of smart grids across several countries 
and modernization power distribution network will surge the 
demand for transformer bushing used as a critical component 
of transformers during the commissioning of projects.
19,253
21,349
20,819
22,788
24,858
26,960
46,469
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
45,000
50,000
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2034
Market Size (INR Crores)
5.6%
7.0%
Global Transformers Bushing Market Size on the Basis of Revenue in INR Crore 
and CAGR, 2019-2024 & 2034F
Source:  Interviews with Industry Experts, Industry Articles & Ken Research Analysis
Market with opportunities: The Asia-Pacific region represents 
the most substantial segment of the global electrical bushings 
market. This growth is attributed to rapid industrialisation, 
considerable investments in power infrastructure, an increase 
in renewable energy initiatives and the development of 
transmission and distribution networks to accommodate the 
rising electricity demand.
Europe commands the second-largest share of the 
global electrical bushings market, driven by significant 
investments in renewable energy programs, enhancements 
in grid infrastructure and robust regulatory support for energy 
efficiency and modernisation.
Source:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/
electrical-bushing-market-219476017.html
Indian Electrical Bushing Industry
The backdrop: Since India’s independence, electricity demand 
has risen drastically due to industrialisation, urbanisation and 
population growth. Initially, the installed capacity was just 1.36 
GW, serving a few urban centres, leaving rural areas mostly 
un-electrified.
The  1960s Green Revolution   and industrial policies drove 
increased demand as agriculture adopted electric pumps and 
manufacturing expanded. By the 1980s, capacity reached 30 
GW, but supply shortages continued, with frequent outages 
impeding growth.
Economic liberalisation in 1991 further boosted demand as 
the IT, telecom and consumer goods sectors developed and 
increased household consumption driven by appliances and 
urban lifestyles. Rural electrification, though slow, began to 
close the energy access gap.
Recent years: In the 21 st century, India’s electricity demand 
surged, with installed capacity reaching 446.2 GW by 2024, 
as per the Central Electricity Authority, making the country 
the third largest in the world. Urbanisation, now at ~36% of 
the population and industrial corridors drove consumption, 
INDIAN ECONOMY
Resilience Amid Global Turbulence
The Indian economy exhibited notable resilience during the 
fiscal year 2024-25, achieving an estimated GDP growth 
of 6.5% despite confronting various global challenges. 
This performance was primarily bolstered by government 
expenditures on infrastructure and robust domestic demand, 
particularly from  private consumption, played a crucial role 
in this performance. Consumption expenditure rose by  6.9%, 
with a strong recovery in rural markets, while urban demand 
also remained strong. Nevertheless, the growth trajectory 
encountered obstacles due to escalating global trade tensions, 
particularly the repercussions of  US tariff increases by the 
conclusion of the fiscal year on significant export commodities, 
which expanded at a moderate rate.
External Sector and Fiscal Indicators
India’s  merchandise trade, excluding petroleum, attained 
a total of US$374.1 billion, exhibiting a growth rate of 6% 
compared to the previous financial year. Nevertheless, India’s 
trade deficit widened to US$282.82 billion, as opposed to 
US$241.14 billion in FY24. On the fiscal front,  annual Goods 
and Services Tax (GST) collections  surpassed ₹22.08 Lakh 
Crore, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.4%, indicating 
enhanced compliance and the formalisation of the economy. 
Concurrently, net direct tax collections experienced a year-on-
year rise of 13.57%.
Inflation and Monetary Policy Balancing Act
Headline inflation averaged 4.6% for the full year in FY25, the 
lowest since FY19. The RBI reduced its repo rate to 6% by the 
end of the financial year through two consecutive repo rate 
cuts. This decision carefully balanced growth support with 
price stability amid global commodity price volatility, while also 
injecting liquidity into the system.
Industry sector faced Challenges
The IIP (Index of Industrial Production) showed a sluggish 
expansion of 3.9% on a year-on-year basis, hindered by the 
weaker performance of the manufacturing sector, which 
holds the highest weight in the index and the mining sector. 
Conversely, the eight core industries expanded by 4.4%, driven 
by electricity, steel and cement.
India’s manufacturing sector has been experiencing sustained 
growth, with the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index 
(PMI) remaining above 50 for 44 consecutive months.  This 
indicates a continuous expansion in manufacturing activity.
Outlook for FY 2025-26: Cautious Optimism
For FY 2025-26, India’s growth is projected at 6.3%, contingent 
on navigating  multifaceted global risks, including prolonged 
geopolitical tensions, US-China trade decoupling spillovers 
and commodity market volatility.
While domestic demand and public capex will remain key 
growth pillars, the economy’s ability to diversify exports and 
attract manufacturing investments amid rising protectionism 
will be crucial. Prudent fiscal and monetary policies, along 
with structural reforms, will determine whether India can 
maintain its growth momentum in an increasingly fragmented 
global economy.
Sources: The Hindu, The Economic Times, India Tracker, 
Fibre2Fashion, Deccan Herald, The Financial Express
https://www.thehindu.com/opinion/editorial/battle-for-growth-on-
indias-economic-trajectory/article69286198.ece
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/foreign-trade/
indias-total-exports-grow-6-01-to-reach-record-824-9-bln-in-fy25/
articleshow/120822675.cms?from=mdr
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/finance/
net-direct-tax-collections-rise-13-57-year-on-year-for-fy25/
articleshow/120623355.cms?from=mdr
https://www.indiatracker.in/story/gst-collection-in-fy-2024-25-
stands-at-22- Lakh- Crore-up-9.4-year-on-year#:~:text=smaller%20
GST%20inflows.-,The%20gross%20GST%20revenue%20
collected%20from%20April%202024%20to%20March,was%20
%E2%82%B911%2C25%2C335%20crore.
https://www.fibre2fashion.com/news/retail-results/india-s-
retail-inflation-hits-6-year-low-falls-to-4-6-in-fy25-govt-302067-
newsdetails.htm
https://www.deccanherald.com/business/industrial-output-growth-
slips-to-4-year-low-of-4-in-fy25-3514832
https://www.financialexpress.com/policy/economy-core-sector-output-
grows-3-8-in-march-44-in-fy25-3817179/
Increasing Energy Demand Worldwide
In 2024, the global energy demand surged by 2.2%, nearly 
double the average annual increase of 1.3% from 2013 to 
2023, driven largely by a 4.3% rise in electricity consumption, 
according to the International Energy Agency’s Global 
Energy Review.
Emerging economies, especially India and China, accounted 
for over 80% of this growth, driven by industrial expansion, 
transport electrification and cooling needs amid record-high 
temperatures. Renewable energy and natural gas satisfied 
most of the increased demand, with solar and wind sources 
contributing three-quarters of electricity growth. At the same 
time, fossil fuels like coal and oil experienced slower increases.
Despite global GDP growth of 3.2%, energy intensity 
improvements slowed to 1%, indicating challenges in 
decoupling energy use from economic activity, particularly in 
developing nations.
Looking forward, global energy demand is expected to 
grow steadily, with electricity demand projected to rise by 
approximately 4% annually until 2027, driven by energy-
intensive sectors such as data centres, artificial intelligence 
and electric vehicles. The International Energy Agency (IEA) 
projects that renewable energy sources, particularly solar 
power, will lead the expansion of new capacity and may 
potentially exceed coal generation by 2025.
However, fossil fuels are expected to persist, meeting 40–60% 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
54 55
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 31]
irrigation pumps. They expand power grids and install 
transformers, increasing demand for bushings needed for 
high-voltage transmission, supporting reliable electricity 
in rural areas.
8. Climate-driven cooling needs: Record-high temperatures 
and climate change drive demand for efficient air 
conditioning in residential and commercial sectors. This 
increases the need for reliable electrical bushings to 
support the infrastructure.
Government initiatives creating opportunities
 • The initiatives undertaken by the Indian government 
are substantially improving rural electrification and 
modernising power infrastructure. These efforts are 
broadening India’s power demand and directly stimulating 
the electrical bushings market through an augmented 
necessity for transformers and related components.
Key programs include:
 • India’s power sector has seen transformative growth 
through key government schemes, creating significant 
opportunities for electrical equipment manufacturers. 
The  Saubhagya Scheme (2017-2019)  achieved near-
universal household electrification, driving demand 
for grid infrastructure, transformers and high-voltage 
bushings. Complementary programs like  Deen Dayal 
Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY)  strengthened 
rural electrification, necessitating substations and 
reliable transmission components.
 • Modernisation initiatives like the  Revamped Distribution 
Sector Scheme (RDSS)  and smart grid adoption are 
upgrading distribution networks, increasing the need for 
advanced bushings with real-time monitoring capabilities. 
The Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) further 
enhances urban and rural grids, requiring efficient 
bushings for upgraded substations and transmission lines.
 • Renewable energy integration is another major 
driver.  Green Energy Corridors  and India’s 500 GW 
renewable target by 2030 demand specialised 
transformers and bushings to manage variable solar 
and wind inputs. The  Production-Linked Incentive 
(PLI) Scheme  boosts domestic manufacturing of high-
efficiency electrical components, fostering innovation 
and exports.
 • The  National Electricity Plan (2023-2027)  projects 
peak demand growth, accelerating investments in 
transmission infrastructure and creating sustained 
demand for bushings, cables and switchgear. Additionally, 
the  PM Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojana  promotes rooftop 
solar, expanding opportunities for grid-tied equipment 
manufacturers.
Challenges: However, challenges like coal dependency, grid 
inefficiencies and rising cooling needs amid climate change 
persist. The industry further faces supply chain bottlenecks 
from import reliance, limited R&D stifling innovation and high 
regulatory compliance costs. A skilled labour shortage slows 
production, while grid integration issues for renewables and 
volatile raw material prices strain budgets. Environmental 
regulations demand costly, sustainable manufacturing and 
challenging growth despite opportunities.
Source: Press Information Bureau, World Bank, MarketsandData, 
IBEF , The Economic Times https://pib.gov.in/PressReleaseIframePage.
aspx?PRID=2038501#:~:text=in%20the%20country:%20%2D-,The%20
installed%20capacity%20which%20was%202%2C48%2C554%20
MW%20in%20March,95%2C013%20MW%20in%20June%202024.
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP .URB.TOTL.IN.ZS?locations=IN
https://pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2073038#:~:text=In
dia’s%20total%20electricity%20generation%20capacity,India’s%20
rivers%20and%20water%20systems.
https://www.marketsandata.com/industry-reports/india-electrical-
bushings-market
https://www.india-briefing.com/news/indias-power-sector-in-2025-
investor-outlook-36367.html/
https://www.ibef.org/industry/power-sector-india
https://energy.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/renewable/indias-
power-demand-to-exceed-700-gw-by-2047-ey-cii-report/116399978
Future Market Segmentation of India 
Transformer Bushing Market, FY’24 & 
FY’34F - A Way Forward
The transformer bushing market in India is poised for significant 
growth, with projections indicating a market size of INR 2,993 
Crore by FY’34, achieving a CAGR of 7.0% from FY’24 to 
FY’34. This growth is driven by the rapid expansion of India’s 
power infrastructure and the adoption of renewable energy. 
As the country integrates solar and wind energy, the need for 
advanced bushings capable of handling variable loads and 
harsh conditions will become essential. Government initiatives 
focused on grid modernization and the commissioning of new 
transformers to reduce transmission and distribution losses 
will also generate fresh demand for bushings.
The bushing market would benefit from vertical players that 
could offer integrated solutions. Such players would gain from 
cost efficiencies, streamlined production processes and the 
ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, making them well-
positioned to meet the increasing demands and advancements 
in the transformer bushing sector.
For Yash Highvoltage Ltd., the voltage ranges up to 245 kV 
serves as a suitable target segment matching its product 
offerings. In 2024, the global market for transformer bushings 
under 245 kV range was 15,638 Crores (SAM for 2024). As the 
company aims to tap into market up to 440 kV range in future, 
the global serviceable addressable Market (SAM for 2029F) 
for Yash Highvoltage Ltd. will expand to 27,121 Crore (Global 
Transformer Bushings Market up to 440 kV). Currently, the 
company occupies ~1% share of SAM.
particularly manufacturing and services. Renewable energy, 
especially solar and wind, grew significantly, contributing ~46% 
of capacity by 2024, spurred by climate goals.
India’s electricity demand is projected to exceed 700 GW 
by 2047, 2.5 times the current level, according to a report 
by EY India and the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII). 
The report, ‘Energy Transition for Viksit Bharat 2047’ , outlines 
a roadmap for India’s energy transition and highlights steps 
needed for a sustainable, low-carbon, energy-secure future.
The segments: The Indian market is divided by insulation 
type into Resin-Impregnated Paper (RIP)/Resin-Impregnated 
Synthetic (RIS), Oil-Impregnated Paper (OIP), Oil 
Communicating and others. The market is primarily led by 
RIP/RIS, owing to its excellent performance in high-voltage 
applications, low maintenance demands and the growing 
uptake of renewable energy projects, making it a favoured 
choice among end-users.
The markets:  The Indian transformer bushing market has 
witnessed steady growth, with the market size increasing from 
INR 1020.4 Crore in FY’19 to INR 1,528.2 Crore by FY’24. This 
growth is driven by several key factors. Firstly, the government’s 
aggressive push towards electrification and renewable energy 
integration has significantly boosted demand. Initiatives like 
the Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY) and the 
Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) have enhanced 
the transmission and distribution network, necessitating more 
transformer bushings. Additionally, the modernization of aging 
power systems and the increasing demand for electricity 
due to urbanization and industrialization have contributed to 
market growth. The market also benefits from technological 
advancements, with smart transformers and advanced 
monitoring systems becoming more prevalent.
1,020
1,147
1,134
1,258
1,403
1,528
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
1,800
FY'19 FY'20 FY'21 FY'22 FY'23 FY'24
Market Size (INR Crores)
India Transformer Bushing Market Size on the Basis of Revenue in INR Crore, FY’19-FY’24
Source:  Interviews with Industry Experts, Industry Articles & Ken Research Analysis
Primary drivers for the demand for electrical 
bushings
1. Industrialisation: Rapid industrial growth in the country 
increases the demand for reliable power, necessitating 
high-quality electrical bushings for stable transmission 
and distribution systems.
2. Urbanisation and Grid Expansion:  Urbanisation drives 
the need for the expansion and upgradation of ageing 
electrical grids, which are heavily reliant on bushings 
for power transformers, circuit breakers and other 
critical equipment.
3. Renewable Energy Integration: The rise in wind and solar 
energy production challenges grid stability, creating 
opportunities for suppliers to develop advanced bushings 
tailored for renewable energy systems.
4. Applications in Key Industries: Bushings are essential 
for safe high-voltage power transmission in automotive, 
manufacturing, oil & gas and heavy equipment industries, 
supporting their widespread adoption and market growth.
5. Electrification of Transport:  The rising adoption of 
electric vehicles and railway electrification, supported by 
government policies, escalates the demand for additional 
electricity, increasing the need for electrical bushings.
6. Digital society: The rise of mobile phones, computers and 
the Internet in India, with over a billion users, significantly 
increases electricity demand. Data centres and 5G 
networks further raise consumption, straining grids and 
increasing demand bushings.
7. Rural Electrification:  Government programs for rural 
electrification boost rural demand for power, including 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
56 57
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 32]
Financial Performance
(A)  Analysis of Statement of Profit and Loss (Amount 
in INR Lakhs)
  Total Income: 15,215.46
  Revenue from Operations: 15,014.13
  Depreciation: 271.32
  Finance Cost: 315.26
  Other Income: 201.33
  Net Profit: 2140.76
(B)  Analysis of Balance Sheet (Amount in INR Lakhs)
  Net Worth: 14755.64
  Long Term Borrowing: 634.78
  Short Term Borrowing: 1,631.82
  Total Assets: 20,267.74
  Inventories: 2,966.54
  Current Liabilities: 4,795.29
  Non-Current Liabilities: 716.81
Gross Revenue increased by 40.74% to H152 crs from H108 
crs in FY24, materials to sales ratio remained at same level of 
around 54%, whereas EBITDA improved by 2.1% to 22.4% from 
20.3% in FY24, EPS increased, notably, from 5.57 per share to 
8.92 per share.
In tandem, PAT increased from H 12.32 crs to H 21.40 crs in CY 
denoting 14.26% of sales, significantly, higher than 11.36% in 
PY . ROCE was robust at 20.23%. Working capital continues to 
be our focus and we are well below industry average, average 
Inventory Holding Period at 62 days while receivables stand at 
49 days. Our DE Ratio improved further from 0.17 to 0.15 with 
improving collection period.
Sales of Bushing increased by 16% whereas per unit realization 
increased by 19% due to increase presence of high value 
products and export sales compared to previous year.
SWOT Analysis:
Strengths
 • Distinct Global Positioning: Over 40,000 transformer 
bushings supplied across more than 60 countries, 
highlighting our robust international footprint.
 • Comprehensive Product Offering: Capability to design 
and manufacture bushings to suit a wide variety of 
international standards, applications and insulation 
technologies — positioning the company as a one-stop 
solution provider.
 • Trusted Brand: An established brand with rapidly growing 
stakeholder trust and long-term value creation.
 • High Entry Barriers: Technical complexity and capital-
intensive processes act as natural deterrents to 
new entrants.
 • Specialized Retrofit Solutions: One of the few 
manufacturers offering customized retrofit solutions for 
transformer bushings, adding niche capabilities.
 • Global Sales Network: Strong international market 
presence through a dedicated overseas marketing team 
and a vast network of agents and representatives.
 • Strategic Alliances: Collaborations with leading industry 
players such as the Weidmann Group (Switzerland) 
enhance market access and credibility.
 • Client Retention: Long-standing relationships with 
reputed global clients contribute to a high percentage of 
repeat business.
 • State-of-the-Art Facilities: Advanced manufacturing 
infrastructure, R&D capabilities and strict adherence to 
global quality standards.
 • Experienced Leadership: A highly skilled management 
team supported by a well-trained and motivated workforce.
 • Positive Industry Outlook: Structural growth trends in 
global power infrastructure and transmission are driving 
increased demand for transformer bushings.
Weaknesses
 • Lack of Captive Demand: Unlike larger integrated 
players, the company does not have internal transformer 
manufacturing capabilities to ensure base-load demand.
 • Business Concentration: Limited diversification beyond 
the transformer bushings segment.
 • Voltage Range Limitations: Comparatively narrower 
voltage range offerings vis-à-vis multinational competitors 
serving ultra-high-voltage applications.
 • Supply Chain Vulnerabilities: Exposure to global supply 
chain disruptions for select critical raw materials.
 • Talent Retention Challenges: Retaining and attracting 
top-tier technical and managerial talent remains a 
key focus area.
 • Comparative Financial Scale: Relatively smaller financial 
base and resource pool compared to global MNC 
competitors.
Opportunities
 • Talent Acquisition & Development: Strengthening 
leadership and technical teams to support future growth.
 • Business Diversification: Expansion into allied 
Yash Highvoltage is poised to expand and indigenously develop the core for RIP technology in India that will enable it to export and 
meet demand internationally with lean supply chain management and power voltage expansion to up to 440 KV in next 5 years. We 
believe as the niche vertical portfolio players expands into higher voltage transformer bushings, there is an opportunity to obtain 5% 
of global SAM by 2029, offering an opportunity to expand its business to 1,356 Crore.
Within the targeted voltage range, RIP bushings will serve as a sweet spot for the company as global market is rapidly transitioning 
from OIP to RIP bushings, leading to global shortages of RIP bushings. This demand-supply gap can be addressed by Yash 
Highvoltage Ltd. by scaling-up its RIP production to meet domestic and international demand.
Target Market Opportunity for Yash Transformer Bushings - 2024 & 2029F
Source: Ken Research Analysis
TAM: Target addressable market; SAM: Serviceable addressable market and SOM: Serviceable obtainable market
TAM: Global Transformer 
Bushings Market
26,960 Cr.
SAM: Global Transformer 
Bushings Market upto 245 kV
15,637 Cr.
SOM: ~1% of SAM
108 Cr.
2024
TAM: Global Transformer 
Bushings Market
36,162 Cr.
SAM: Global Transformer 
Bushings Market upto 440 kV
27,122 Cr.
SOM: 5% of SAM
1,356 Cr.
2029F
About the Company
Yash Highvoltage Limited, established in 2002 in Vadodara, 
Gujarat, is a leading ISO 9001-certified Indian manufacturer 
of high voltage and high current transformer bushings that 
are critical for power transmission. Originally known as Yash 
Highvoltage Insulators Pvt. Ltd., it became a public company 
in 2018 and was listed on the BSE SME platform in December 
2024, raising funds at a significant premium to fuel innovation 
and expansion.
Yash has produced Oil-Impregnated Paper (OIP), Resin-
Impregnated Paper (RIP) and Resin-Impregnated Synthetic (RIS) 
bushings, supplying over 40,000 units globally, across 60 plus 
countries including European as well as American continents in 
addition to others. These products serve the upper segment of 
the power transformer industry, offering reliable performance. 
Furthermore, Yash provides repair, retrofitting and replacement 
services, all supported by a state-of-the-art facility.
Yash aligns with India’s soaring electricity demand, projected 
to double by 2047, while contributing to rural electrification and 
smart grid initiatives such as Saubhagya and RDSS. Despite 
challenges like supply chain disruptions and reliance on 
imports, Yash’s commitment to world-class quality, positions 
it as a preferred partner for generation and transmission needs 
throughout India and overseas.
Thus, by powering India’s infrastructure with indigenous, high-
quality components aligned with the ‘Make in India’ movement, 
Yash supports the nation’s energy transformation and growing 
export markets, ensuring a brighter, sustainable future for the 
power sector.
Business Segments Review
We at Yash Highvoltage Limited are engaged in the manufacturing 
and distribution of a wide range of transformer bushings, 
including Oil Impregnated Paper (OIP) condenser bushings, 
Resin Impregnated Paper (RIP) and Resin Impregnated Synthetic 
(RIS) condenser bushings, High Voltage and High Current 
bushings, OIP Wall bushings and Oil to Oil bushings. In addition 
to our product offerings, we also provide specialised services 
such as repairing, retrofitting and replacing old bushings. Our 
experienced team of engineers enables us to offer both on-site 
and off-site technical testing, analysis and repair services for 
bushings. We began our journey in 2002 as Yash Highvoltage 
Insulators Private Limited, founded by a group of technocrats 
with a focus on manufacturing Fibre Reinforced Polymer 
Cylinders and High-Current bushing products.
In 2008, under the leadership of Mr. Keyur Shah, a first-generation 
entrepreneur and our Promoter and Managing Director, we 
transformed into a profitable and growth-driven organisation. 
With a clear vision to become one of the leading transformer 
bushing manufacturers globally, we took a significant step 
forward in 2018 by converting into a public limited company 
and adopting the name Yash Highvoltage Limited.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
58 59
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 33]
product segments within the transformer and power 
transmission ecosystem.
 • Vertical Integration: Backward integration into key 
components to improve supply chain reliability and 
reduce dependence on external vendors.
 • Technological Advancement: Development of globally 
compatible RIP (Resin Impregnated Paper) and RIS (Resin 
Impregnated Synthetic) bushings to serve next-generation 
grid applications.
Threats
 • Rising Input Costs: Increasing global raw material prices 
could impact margins.
 • Foreign Exchange Volatility: Unpredictable 
Forex fluctuations may affect profitability if not 
effectively hedged.
 • Supply Chain Disruptions: Dependency on critical raw 
materials sourced globally poses risks to timely delivery 
and cost stability.
 • Cash Flow Pressures: Extended payment cycles from 
customers can strain liquidity.
 • Operational Risks: Field performance and failure risks of 
power transformers and bushings can have reputational 
and financial implications.
Internal Control & Adequacy
At Yash Highvoltage Limited, we prioritise robust internal 
governance that encompasses a range of financial safeguards, 
thereby ensuring adherence to our policies and regulations 
tailored to our expanding operations. Our framework is 
meticulously designed to continuously identify and evaluate 
all potential risks associated with our ongoing initiatives 
alongside our corporate landscape, including challenges in 
scientific development, risks relating to partnerships, as well 
as uncertainties in financial markets.
Furthermore, the organisation implements management 
reporting measures and internal control strategies that 
facilitate oversight of performance metrics, strategic 
objectives, operational dynamics, organisational structures, 
methodologies, funding mechanisms, risks and governance 
frameworks. Our internal audit team conducts comprehensive 
reviews throughout the year across all our locations and 
operational divisions, with findings presented to the Audit 
Committee for oversight.
Human Resource
At Yash Highvoltage Limited, an ethos of equity is instilled, 
wherein every team member enjoys equitable opportunities, 
respect and dignified treatment. The company is committed 
to fostering the professional development of its employees. To 
accomplish this objective, the organisation provides a variety 
of initiatives aimed at skill enhancement and knowledge 
acquisition.
Our employees and contract staff are our greatest assets. 
We believe that the quality and dedication of our people are 
central to our success and our competitive advantage. Our 
team comprises skilled engineers, technicians, specialists 
and both semi-skilled and unskilled workers who play a critical 
role in ensuring the precision, reliability and high performance 
of our products. By leveraging deep expertise in materials 
science, electrical engineering and manufacturing processes, 
our workforce contributes significantly to our operational 
excellence. We are committed to continuous training and 
development, especially in cutting-edge technologies and 
safety practices. This focus not only enhances product quality 
and optimizes production efficiency but also fosters innovation 
across our operations. Our culture encourages teamwork, 
effective problem-solving and strict adherence to industry 
standards, enabling us to consistently meet client expectations 
and remain agile in an evolving market landscape.
Risk Management
Every business confronts unavoidable risks. At Yash Highvoltage 
Limited, we prioritise the proactive management of these 
risks. Although it is impossible to eliminate risks, a robust risk 
management approach enables us to effectively reduce, avoid, 
retain, or share these risks.
The Board assesses and classifies risks across various domains 
such as operations, finance, marketing, regulatory compliance 
and corporate affairs. The Internal Auditor, Statutory Auditor, 
and Company Secretary provide their insights on risk levels 
while auditing specific areas, reporting to the Audit Committee. 
The company is proactively implementing immediate and 
future-oriented measures to minimize any potential risks that 
might emerge.
Cautionary Statement
The Statements in this Management Discussion and Analysis 
Report describing the Company’s objectives, projections, 
estimates, plans, industry, conditions and events are “forward-
looking” statements within the meaning of the applicable laws 
or regulations.
The statements are based on certain assumptions and 
expectations of future events.
The Company cannot guarantee that these assumptions and 
expectations are accurate or will be realized. The Company’s 
actual results, performance, or achievements could thus 
differ materially from those projected in any such forward 
looking statements.
The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, 
modify or revise any forward-looking statements, on the basis 
of any subsequent developments, information or events.
Independent Auditors’ Report on Financial Statement of Yash Highvoltage Limited
To,
The Members of
Yash Highvoltage Limited
Report on the audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statement of Yash 
Highvoltage Limited (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Company’), 
which comprises the balance sheet as of March 31 st, 2025, 
the statement of profit & loss and a statement of cash flow 
for the year then ended and notes to the financial statements, 
including significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid financial 
statements give the information required by the Act in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of 
the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025, its 
Profit, and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis of Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards 
on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under Section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). Our responsibilities under 
those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. 
We are independent of the Company, in accordance with the 
Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India together with the ethical requirements that are       
relevant to our audit of the  financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act, and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on 
the financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements of the current period. These matters 
were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We 
have determined that there are no key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Information Other than the Financial Statements 
and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Board’s Report 
including annexures to Board’s Report and shareholders 
information but does not include the financial statements and 
our auditor’s report thereon. The above-referred information 
is expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
audit report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the 
other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the financial statements or our knowledge obtained during 
the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact.
When we read the information, if we conclude that there 
is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 
communicate the matter to those charged with governance and 
take appropriate actions necessitated by the circumstances & 
the applicable laws and regulations.
Managements and Those Charge with Governance’s 
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
with respect to the preparation of these financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance, and cash flows of the Company in accordance 
Independent Auditors’ Report
60 61
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
[page 34]
Other Matters
Attention is drawn to the fact that the audited financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2024 
were audited by erstwhile auditors whose report dated 29 th 
June 2024, expressed an unmodified opinion on those audited 
financial statements. Our opinion is not modified in respect of 
this matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the Annexure A, a 
statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 
of the Order, to the extent applicable.
 2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
(c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this 
Report are in agreement with the books of account.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements 
comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act,
(e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31 st, 2025 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on March 31 st, 2025 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164(2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our separate Report in “Annexure B” .
(g) In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended.
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
i The Company has no pending litigations 
except as shown in note no. 28 to the 
financial statements.
ii The Company has made a provision, 
as required under the applicable law or 
accounting standards, for material foreseeable 
losses, if any, on long-term contracts including 
derivative contracts.
iii As per information and explanation given 
to us, there is no amount that required to 
be transferred to   Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv a)  The Management has represented, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief that, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
         b) The Management has represented, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief that, no 
funds have been received by the company 
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
         c)  Based on such audit procedures performed 
that have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us to 
believe that the representations under sub-
clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e) as provided 
contain any material misstatement.
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the accounting Standards specified under section 
133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the financial statement that give a true and fair 
view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statement  as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to 
issue an auditor’s   report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually     or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the annual financial statement, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud 
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3) 
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing 
our opinion through a separate report on the complete 
set of financial statements on whether the Company 
has adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures in the  financial statement made by 
the Management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management 
and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude that 
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the  annual financial statement or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of 
our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the annual financial statement, including the disclosures, 
and whether the annual financial statement represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the financial 
statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable 
user of the financial statements may be influenced. We 
consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in 
(i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any 
identified misstatements in the financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, related safeguards.
62 63
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION 321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview

[page 35]
Annexure-A to the Independent Auditors’ Report
The Annexure-A, referred to in our Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of the Company on the financial statements for the 
year ended 31st March 2025, we report that,
i (a)(A) According to the information and explanation given to us, the Company has maintained proper records showing full 
particulars including the quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant & Equipment (PPE).
i (a)(B) The company maintains proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
i (b) The company has a regular program of physical verification of the PPE by which PPE are verified in phased manned over 
the period of time. In accordance with the program certain items were verified during the year and as informed to us, no 
material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. In our opinion, the regular program of physical verification, is 
reasonable having regard to the size of the company and nature of its assets.
i (c) According to the information and the explanations given to us & on the basis of the examination of the records of the 
company, we report that the title deeds of all immovable properties of land and buildings which are free hold (other 
than property on the lease, for which lease agreement has been entered into) are held in the name of the Company as 
at balance sheet date.
i (d) The company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment or intangible assets or both during the year during the 
year therefore reporting under this clause is not applicable.
i (e) No proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the company for holding any Benami property under the 
Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder;
ii (a) The company has at reasonable intervals physically verified the inventory during the year. In our opinion, the procedure 
of physical verification of inventory followed by the management is reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of 
the company and the nature of its business. The company is maintaining proper records of inventory.
The discrepancies noticed on physical verification of stocks as compared to book records were not material; and have 
been properly dealt with in the books of accounts.
ii (b) The company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees on the basis of current assets. 
The stock, receivables and payables at particulars quarters submitted with the bank is matching with the books of 
account except in the case as reported in the note no. 38 to the financial statements;
iii The Company has made investments in, provided guarantee to if any, and granted unsecured loans to companies, 
firms, Limited Liability Partnerships, to other parties, if any during the year, in respect of which:
a) The Company has provided unsecured loan to Employees with aggregate amount granted/provided during the year 
is ₹ 5.26 lakhs during the year and where balance outstanding as at Balance Sheet date is ₹ 1.71 lakhs.
b)   In our opinion, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of loans & advances in nature of 
loan, during the year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest;
c)   The repayment of principal and payment of interest if any, is as stipulated and the same are regular;
d)   In respect of the aforesaid loan, there is no amount which is overdue for more than ninety days;
e)   No loan granted by the Company which has fallen due during the year, has been renewed or extended or fresh loans 
granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the same parties;
f)     The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable;
Moreover, the company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans, 
secured or unsecured, to any other companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnership or other parties.
iv Based on our verification of the documents provided to us and according to the information and explanations given to 
us, in respect of loans, investments, guarantees, and security if any, the Company has complied with the provisions of 
section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
v In our opinion and according to information and explanation given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits 
or the amounts which are deemed to be deposits within the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed there under, therefore, reporting under this clause is not 
required;
vi We have broadly reviewed the Books of Accounts maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the 
Central Government for maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the act and are of the opinion that prima 
facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not made detailed 
examination of the cost records with a view to determine whether they are accurate or complete.
v There is no dividend declared or paid during the year by the Company and hence provisions of section 123 of the 
companies Act, 2013 are not applicable.
vi Based on our examination, which included test checks, the company has used accounting software for maintaining 
its books of accounts which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit 
we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Further, the audit trail has been 
preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention to the extent it was enabled and 
recorded in the previous year.
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
Daxal Pandya
Partner
Place: Vadodara Membership No.: 177345 
Date: May 20th, 2025 UDIN: 25177345BMHACH5547
64 65
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION 321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview

[page 36]
xi (b) To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in 
Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, 
during the year and up to the date of this report.
xi (c) As per the information and explanation given to us, no whistle-blower complaints were received by the company during 
the year.
xii In our opinion and according to the information and the explanation given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi company 
and accordingly the reporting under clause xii (a) to (c) of the order is not applicable to the Company.
xiii In our opinion, and according to information and explanations given to us, all transactions with the related parties are 
in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and the details have been disclosed in the Financial 
Statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv (a) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanations given to us, the company has an internal audit 
system commensurate with size and nature of its business.
xiv (b) The reports of Internal Auditor for the period under Audit were considered by us.
xv In our opinion and according to the information given to us, the company has not entered any non-cash transactions 
with directors or persons connected with them during the year.
xvi (a) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and  
therefore, the provisions of paragraph 3(xvi) (a), (b) and (c) of the Order are not applicable.
(b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable;
xvii The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year and in the immediately preceding financial year.
xviii There is no resignation of Statutory Auditor during the year.
xix On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial 
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and 
Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come 
to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report 
indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they 
fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date;
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our 
reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance 
that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company 
as and when they fall due;
xx The company is not required to transfer the unspent amount to fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act 
within a period of six months of the expiry of the financial year in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of 
section 135 of the companies act, 2013 in respect of projects other than ongoing.
In addition, there is no amount unspent which required to be transferred to special account in compliance with the 
provisions of subsection (6) of Section 135 of the act. In this regard, the relevant details regarding CSR is provided in 
the note no 29 to the financial statement.
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
Daxal Pandya
Partner
Place: Vadodara Membership No.: 177345 
Date: May 20th, 2025 UDIN: 25177345BMHACH5547
vii (a) In our opinion, the company has generally regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including Good and Service 
Tax, Provident Fund, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Wealth Tax, Service Tax, Custom Duty, Excise Duty, Cess, Professional 
tax, ESIC and any other statutory dues applicable to it. According to the information & explanation given to us, no 
undisputed amounts payable in respect of Income tax, Goods & services tax, Custom Duty, Cess & other material 
statutory dues applicable to the company were outstanding as at 31st March 2025 for a period of more than six months 
from the date they become payable.
vii (b) There are statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) that have not been deposited on account of dispute are as 
follows:
Financial 
Year Type Name of the 
opposing party
Date of 
initiation of 
the litigation 
/ dispute
Status of 
the litigation 
/ dispute 
as per last 
disclosure
Current status 
of the litigation/ 
dispute
Amt
(₹ in Lakh)
2017-18 
to 
2021-22
GST Additional / Joint 
Commissioner of Central 
Tax (Appeals), CGST & 
Central Excise, Vadodara
26/11/2024 Preferred an 
appeal
Appeal Admitted. 
Hearing is 
pending.
40.82
2015-16 CST GVAT Tribunal at 
Ahmedabad
07/07/2023 Filed second 
Appeal
Appeal Admitted. 
Hearing is 
pending. 
4.22
2015-16 VAT GVAT Tribunal at 
Ahmedabad
07/07/2023 Filed second 
Appeal
Appeal Admitted. 
Hearing is 
pending. 
4.76
[Pre- Deposit against the above cases is in total C 10.81 Lakhs]
viii In our opinion, and according to the information & explanation given to us, there are no transactions not recorded in the 
books of accounts that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the income tax assessments under the 
Income tax act. Therefore, reporting under this clause is not required.
ix (a) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, the company has not defaulted in 
repayment of loans or borrowing and accordingly the reporting under this clause is not required.
ix (b) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, the company has not been declared as 
willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
ix (c) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, the term loan taken by the company has 
been applied for the purpose for which it has obtained.
ix (d) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, on the basis of utilization of the funds, 
which is based on an overall examination of the financial statement of the company, related information as made 
available to us and as represented to us, we report that no funds raised on short-term purposes that have been used 
for long-term purposes by the Company.
ix (e) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, the company has not taken any funds 
from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries. Moreover, the company does not 
have any joint venture & associates.
ix (f) In our opinion and according to the information & the explanation given to us, the Company has not raised loans during 
the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures, or associate companies. Accordingly, the 
reporting under this clause is not required.
x (a) In our opinion, and according to information and explanations given to us, the company has raised money from Initial 
Public Offer (IPO) during the year and proceeds that have been utilized during the year, are utilized for the purposes for 
which they were raised. The details of the same is provided in the note 1.4 to the financial statements.
x (b) In our opinion, the company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year and hence the requirements of section 42 and 
section 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable. Accordingly, the reporting under this clause is not required.
xi (a) During the course of our examination of the books of account and records of the Company, carried out in accordance 
with the generally accepted auditing practices in India and according to the information and explanations given to us, 
we have neither came across any incidence of fraud on or by the Company noticed or reported during the year, nor we 
have been informed of any such case by the management;
66 67
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION 321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview

[page 37]
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
Daxal Pandya
Partner
Place: Vadodara Membership No.: 177345 
Date: May 20th, 2025 UDIN: 25177345BMHACH5547
Annexure-B: 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of Yash Highvoltage Limited (“the Company”) as of 
March 31st, 2025, in conjunction with our audit of the financial 
statements of the company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The company’s management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the guidance note on audit of 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and 
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the 
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both 
applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply 
with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of 
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance 
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions 
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of  financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the  
financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31 st, 2025 
68 69
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION 321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview

[page 38]
(C in Lakh)
Particulars Note No.  As at Mar 31,2025  As at Mar 31, 2024
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
(1) Shareholders' Funds
a Share Capital 1  1,427.56  307.59 
b Reserves and Surplus 2  13,328.08  3,872.63 
 14,755.64  4,180.21 
(2) Non Current Liabilities
a Long Term Borrowings 3  634.78  495.53 
b Long -Term Provisions 4  82.04  51.30 
c Other Long Term Liabilities 5  -    8.94 
 716.81  555.77 
(3) Current Liabilities
a Short-Term Borrowings 6  1,631.82  212.11 
b Trade Payables
(i)    Total Outstanding Dues Of Micro Enterprises And  Small 
Enterprises 
7  143.32  65.38 
(ii)   Total Outstanding Dues Of Creditors Other Than Micro 
Enterprises And Small Enterprises 
7  1,858.38  1,499.22 
c Other Current Liabilities 8  942.16  423.90 
d Short-Term Provisions 9  219.61  122.89 
 4,795.29  2,323.51 
Total  20,267.74  7,059.49 
ASSETS
(1) Non-Current Assets
a Property Plant & Equipment & Intangible Asset
(i)      Property Plant & Equipment 10  4,061.06  1,817.90 
(ii)     Intangible Asset 10  11.08  18.03 
(iii)    Capital Work-in-Progress 10  239.24  494.80 
(iv)    Intangible Asset under Development 10  521.73  13.50 
b Non-current investments 11  1.00  -   
c Deferred Tax Asset (Net) 12  28.71  17.86 
d Long-Term Loans and Advances 13  1,484.64  402.58 
e Other non-current assets 14  118.59  376.16 
 6,466.05  3,140.82 
(2) Current Assets
a Inventories 15  2,966.54  2,164.67 
b Trade Receivables 16  2,779.98  1,252.32 
c Cash and Bank Balance 17  7,159.72  263.88 
d Short-Term Loans and Advances 18  895.45  237.80 
 13,801.69  3,918.67 
Total  20,267.74  7,059.49 
Significant Accounting Policies & Notes on Financial Statements 1-48
As per our report of the even date
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED
CIN : L40109GJ2002PLC040833
Daxal Pandya
Partner
M. No.177345
Keyur Shah     
Managing Director
DIN: 01064190
Twinkle Shah
 Director 
 DIN: 03575362
Sumit Poddar
 CFO
 Tushar 
Lakhmapurkar 
 CS 
Place: Vadodara
Date: 20/05/2025
(C in Lakh)
Particulars Note No. Year Ended
March 31, 2025
Year Ended
March 31, 2024
I) Revenue from operations 19  15,014.13  10,848.08 
II) Other Income 20  201.33  64.17 
III) Total Income  15,215.46  10,912.25 
IV) Expenses
Cost of Materials Consumed 21  8,231.31  6,082.67 
Changes in inventory of Finished Goods & Work-In-Progress 22  (42.99)  (190.46)
Employee Benefits Expense 23  1,519.31  1,188.72 
Finance Cost 24  315.26  218.79 
Depreciation & Amortisation 25  271.32  222.54 
Other Expenses 26  2,106.55  1,616.55 
Total Expenses  12,400.76  9,138.81 
V) Profit/(Loss) before exceptional and extraordinary items 
and tax (III-IV)  2,814.70  1,773.44 
VI) Extraordinary Items  -  - 
VII) Profit before tax (V- VI)  2,814.70  1,773.44 
VIII) Tax expense:
Current Tax  735.44  540.00 
Deferred Tax  (10.85)  0.92 
Short/Excess Provision of Earlier Years  (50.66)  (0.35)
IX) Profit / (Loss) for the year after tax (VII-VIII)  2,140.76  1,232.87 
X) Earnings per equity share: 
(1)    Basic ( C per share) [in Absolute Terms]  8.92  5.57 
(2)    Diluted ( C per share) [in Absolute Terms]  8.92  5.57 
Significant Accounting Policy & Notes on Financial Statements 1-48
As per our report of the even date
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED
CIN : L40109GJ2002PLC040833
Daxal Pandya
Partner
M. No.177345
Keyur Shah     
Managing Director
DIN: 01064190
Twinkle Shah
 Director 
 DIN: 03575362
Sumit Poddar
 CFO
 Tushar 
Lakhmapurkar 
 CS 
Place: Vadodara
Date: 20/05/2025
Statement of Profit and Loss
 For the Year Ended 31st March 2025
Balance Sheet 
As at 31st March 2025
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
70 71
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 39]
(C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year Ended
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended
March 31, 2024
A Cash Flow From Operating Activities                 
Net Profit Before Tax  2,814.70  1,773.44 
Adjustments For :
Add: Depreciation  271.32  222.54 
Provisions for Gratuity, Leave Encashment & Liquidated Damages  106.70  11.36 
Finance Charges  315.26  218.79 
Interest Income  (135.55)  (19.28)
Asset Written off  0.09  14.15 
Less: (Gain)/ Loss on Sale of PPE  (6.61)  (3.57)
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes          3,365.92  2,217.44 
Adjustments For :
(Increase) / Decrease Trade Receivables  (1,527.66)  392.07 
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (801.87)  (613.87)
(Increase)/Decrease in Loans & Advances  (657.65)  (47.20)
(Increase)/Decrease in Non Current Assets  257.57  (239.37)
Increase (Decrease) in Other Long Term Liabilities  (8.94)  6.47 
Increase (Decrease) in Trade Payables  437.10  137.61 
Increase (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  518.25  32.31 
Increase (Decrease) in Provisions  (8.20)  (8.15)
Cash Generated from Operations  1,574.51  1,877.30 
Direct Taxes paid  (655.84)  (436.28)
Net Cash From Operating Activities  918.68  1,441.02
B Cash Flow From Investing Activities
(Purchase) of PPE [including CWIP & Capital Advances]  (3,845.00)  (1,334.95)
Net Proceeds from Sale of PPE  9.25  27.34 
Bank balances not considered as Cash & Cash Equivalent (net)  (4,668.53)  360.69 
Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary  (1.00)  -   
Interest Income  135.55  19.28 
Net Cash flow / use In Investing Activities  (8,369.73)  (927.64)
C Cash Flow From Financing Activities
Finance Charges  (315.26)  (218.79)
Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings  436.89  532.01 
Repayment of Long Term Borrowings  (297.64)  (460.59)
Increase / (Decrease) in Short Term Borrowings  1,419.71  (141.38)
Proceeds from IPO net of Issue Expenses  8,434.67  -   
Dividend Paid & Tax Thereon  -    (201.03)
Net Cash From / (In) Financing Activities  9,678.36  (489.77)
D Net Increase In Cash And Cash Equivalents ( A + B + C )  2,227.31  23.61 
E Opening Cash And Cash Equivalents  263.88  240.28 
F Closing Cash And Cash Equivalents (D+E)  2,491.19  263.88 
Cash Flow Statement
 For the Year Ended 31st March 2025
Cash Flow Statement (Cont'd)
 For the Year Ended 31st March 2025
(C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year Ended
March 31, 2025
For the Year Ended
March 31, 2024
Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Balance with Bank  344.31  124.79 
Cheques, drafts on hand  0.33  32.78 
Cash on hand  0.41  0.06 
Earmarked balances with banks (of Unpaid Dividend)  -    -   
Fixed Deposit with Bank (Maturity within 3 Months)  2,033.10  -   
Fixed Deposit with Bank (Maturity within 3 Months)-Held as Margin Money  113.04  106.25 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as per Note No. 17  2,491.19  263.88 
Notes:
1 : The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the AS - 3 Cash Flow Statements 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountant of India.
2 : Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of financial statement comprise cash in hand, balances with bank and Fixed 
deposits with bank as per Note No - 17
3 : Previous Year figures have been regrouped when necessary to confirm to the current year's classification.
As per our report of the even date
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED
CIN : L40109GJ2002PLC040833
Daxal Pandya
Partner
M. No.177345
Keyur Shah     
Managing Director
DIN: 01064190
Twinkle Shah
 Director 
 DIN: 03575362
Sumit Poddar
 CFO
 Tushar 
Lakhmapurkar 
 CS 
Place: Vadodara
Date: 20/05/2025
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
72 73
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 40]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A Company Overview:
 Yash Highvoltage Limited (“the company”) was 
originally incorporated in name of M/s Yash Highvoltage 
Insulators Private Limited in 2002 by technocrats to 
engage in the business of manufacturing of high end 
transformer bushings.
 The Company has been delivering innovative and highly 
efficient transformer bushings to the industry ranging from 
RIP , HV-OIP , LV High Current, HV RIP Condenser Bushings 
and FRP Cylinders since many years. It has spread its 
wings to numerous countries and created a brand name 
for itself. With continued patronage of its discerning 
customers, most of whom are domestic and global giants 
of the industry, clubbed with international collaborations, 
YASH today is synonymous with high-performance and 
world-class quality solutions at competitive value and 
has carved out a distinct niche for itself. It has a distinct 
track record of growth which is expected to only get better 
going forward.
 With the vision of creating a global large scale enterprise, 
the present promotors have decided to take the next step 
whereby, the Company has been converted to a Limited 
Company and the name of the Company was changed 
to Yash Highvoltage Limited, approval to which was 
accorded by the Registrar of Companies on 07.03.2018.
B Basis of Preparation of Financial Statement:
 The Financial Statements are prepared on accrual basis 
of accounting, following historical cost convention, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (‘the Act’), accounting principles generally accepted 
in India and it comply the accounting standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with relevant applicable 
rules, as amended from time to time. Accounting Policies 
have been consistently applied except where a newly 
issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a 
revision to an existing accounting standard requires a 
change in the accounting policy hitherto in use. The 
accounting policies applied are consitent with those in 
the previous year unless otherwise stated.
C Use of Estimate
 The preparation of  financial statements in conformity 
with generally accepted accounting principles requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities 
and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the  
financial statement and the results of operations during 
the reporting period end. Although these estimates are 
based upon management’s best knowledge of current 
E Capital Work in Progress:
a. Capital work-in-progress is carried at cost, comprising 
direct cost and related incidental expenses.
F Leases:
 Operating lease
 Lease rentals in respect of assets acquired under 
operating lease are charged off to the statements of profit 
and loss as incurred on straight line basis.
G Investment:
 Investments that are readily realizable and intended to 
be held for not more than a year are classified as current 
investments. All other investments are classified as long-
term investments.
 Current investments are carried at lower of cost and fair 
value determined on an individual investment basis.
 Long-term investments are carried at cost. However, 
provision for diminution in value is made to recognize 
a decline other than temporary in the value of the 
investments.
H  Inventories:
a. Raw Materials and Consumables are valued at 
Cost or NRV which ever is lower. The cost is arrived 
on FIFO basis. 'Cost' includes all duties, taxes 
(other than those subsequently recoverable by the 
enterprise from the taxing authorities) and other 
expenses incurred to bring the inventories to their 
present location and condition.
b. Finished products are valued at lower of cost or net 
realizable value.
c. The Stock of Work in Progress have been valued 
at Raw Material cost increased by a proportion 
of overheads in consonance with the stage of 
completion as certified by the management.
d.  The Stock of Scrap is valued at Realisable Value.
e.  The Goods in transit are valued at Actual Cost.
 Net Realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs 
of completion and the estimated costs necessary to 
make the sale.
 Spare parts, servicing equipment and standby equipment 
meeting the definition of property, plant and equipment 
as per AS 10 are classified as PPE.
events and actions, actual results could differ from these 
estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed at each balance sheet date.
D Property Plant & Equipment:
a. Property, Plant & Equipment are stated at their cost 
of acquisition less any subsidy / grant received less 
accumulated depreciation. The cost of acquisition 
includes freight, installation cost, duties & taxes 
for which no credit is available and other incidental 
expenses, identifiable with the asset, incurred during 
the installation / acquition /construction stage in 
order to bring the assets to their working condition 
for intended use.
b. Internally generated Intangible assets have been 
stated at cost of generation as per Accounting 
Standard 26 “Intangible Assets” less accumulated 
amortization. Other Intangible assets are stated at 
direct cost incurred and other costs identified as 
incurred towards the same less any subsidy / grant 
received less accumulated amortization.
c. Any Property, Plant & Equipment under construction 
as at the Balance Sheet date are shown as Capital 
Work in Progress.
d. Depreciation on assets is being provided on the 
Written Down Value Method on the basis of useful 
lives specified in Part C of Schedule II to the 
Companies Act, 2013 except in respect of Server & 
mould where the useful life have been determined 
by the management to be 3 years in line with that of 
regular computer units & 5 years respectively based 
on technical assessment. Estimated useful lives of 
the assets are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Useful lives 
(in years)
1 Factory Building 30
2 Plant, Machinery &
Tools & Equipment 15
3 Furniture & Fixtures 10
4 Computer 3
5 Office Equipment 5
6 Vehicle 8
7 R&D Plant & Machinery 15
e. On addition / disposals during the year, depreciation 
has been provided on pro-rata basis depending on 
period of usage.
f. Cost of Intangible Assets is amortized over its 
estimated useful life i.e. 5 years for Software & 10 
years for Technical Know-how on pro-rata basis.
I  Employees Benefit:
a. Employee Benefits comprise short term as well as 
long term defined contribution and benefit plans.
b. Contributions to Provident Fund and Employee State 
Insurance are defined contributions. The Company’s 
Contributions are charged to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss of the year when the contributions to 
the respective funds are due. There are no further 
obligations beyond the periodic contributions.
c. The Company policy of Leave Encashment falls 
under short-term compensation plan as it usually 
pays off the employees against their accumulated 
leave on a short term basis. However, unpaid leaves 
as at year end, if any are provided for.
d. The Company continues to have a defined benefit 
Gratuity plan. The Company has obtained actuarial 
valuation for creating a provision towards Gratuity 
obligations that may arise in the years to come and 
accordingly the amount towards Gratuity as per the 
report of actuarial valuation is provided for.
J Sales/Turnover Income recognition:
a. Revenue is recognized on transfer of property in 
goods or on transfer of significant risks and rewards 
of ownership to the buyer, for a consideration, 
without the seller retaining any effective control 
over the goods.
b. Sales are accounted on dispatch of goods (which 
generally coincides with the transfer of ownership) 
and are net of goods and service tax and net of 
returns/rejections/discounts/deductions on account 
of quality disputes etc.
c. In case of services, revenue is recognized on 
completion of particular services.
d. Other items of income such as Duty Drawback etc 
are accounted on accrual basis (depending on 
certainty of realization) and disclosed under the 
head “Other Operating Income” .
K Goods and Service Tax (GST) and Input Tax Credit 
(ITC):
a. Purchases and Sales are accounted net of GST 
element and net of recoveries, if any.
b. Expenses are accounted net of GST Input Tax 
Credit Available.
c. Element of Input Tax Credit is set off against the 
amount of GST to be paid on sales / provision of 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
74 75
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 41]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
services. Net Amount Payable against GST is shown 
under Current Liabilities and Balance amount of 
Input Tax Credit of GST as at the end of the period 
appears under the head Loans & Advances named-
Balance with revenue authorities.
L Accounting on Tax on Income:
a. Provision for taxation for the year under report 
includes provision for Current tax as well as provision 
for deferred tax.
b. Provision for Current Tax is made, based on tax 
estimated to be payable as computed under the 
various provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
c. Deferred tax is recognized, subject to prudence, 
on timing differences between taxable income 
and accounting income that originate during the 
year and are capable of being reversed in one or 
more subsequent periods. Deferred tax assets 
are recognized only to the extent that there is a 
reasonable certainty that future taxable income will 
be available against which such deferred tax assets 
can be realised. Deferred Tax Liabilities / Assets are 
quantified using the tax rates and tax laws enacted or 
substantively enacted as on the balance sheet date.
M Impairment of Assets:
 At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews 
the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible 
assets to determine whether there is any indication that 
those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any 
such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the 
assets is estimated in order to determine the extent of 
the impairment loss (if any). When it is not possible to 
estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, 
the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the 
cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. 
When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation 
can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated 
to individual CGU, or otherwise they are allocated to 
the smallest group of CGU for which a reasonable and 
consistent allocation basis can be identified.
 An intangible asset not yet available for use is tested for 
impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an 
indication that the asset may be impaired.
 The Company’s corporate assets do not generate 
independent cash inflows. To determine impairment of 
a corporate asset, recoverable amount is determined for 
the CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs.
 An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount 
derivatives. For this the Company enters into forward 
exchange contracts, where the counter-party is a Bank. 
Theses forward contracts are not used for trading or 
speculation purposes.
 In case of forward contracts the gain or loss arising on 
exercise of option or settlement or cancellation are 
recognized in the Statement of profit and loss for the 
period. The forwards contracts outstanding as at the 
balance sheet date, if any, are marked-to-market and 
corresponding exchange gain or loss is recognized 
on the same.
R Contingencies / Provisions:
 Provisions are recognized when an enterprise has a 
present obligation as a result of past event for which it 
is probable that an outflow of resources will be required 
to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable 
estimate can be made. Provisions are not discounted 
to its present value and are determined based on best 
estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance 
sheet date. These are reviewed at each balance sheet 
date and adjusted to reflect the best current estimates.
 Provisions for legal claims, product warranties and make 
good obligations are recognised when the Company has 
a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation and the amount can 
be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for 
future operating losses.
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a 
possible obligation arising from past events, the existence 
of which will be confirmed only by the occurence or non-
occurence of one or more uncertain future events not 
wholly within the control of the company or the present 
obligations that arises from past events, where it is either 
not probable that an outflow of resources will be required 
to settle or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot 
be made. Contingent Asset are neither disclosed nor 
recognised in Financial Statement.
S Cash & Cash Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the cash 
flow statement comprise cash at bank, in hand and 
short-term investments with an original maturity of three 
months or less.
T Earning Per Share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity 
of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable 
amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the 
statement of profit and loss. Impairment loss recognized 
in respect of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to 
reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets of the 
CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.
N Borrowing Cost:
 According to AS-16, borrowing costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition of qualifying assets are 
to be capitalized for the period until the asset is ready 
for its intended use. A qualifying asset being, an asset 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get 
ready for its intended use. Other borrowing costs are to 
be recognized as an expense in the period in which they 
are incurred.
O Government Grants:
 Government grants are recognised where there is 
reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and all attached conditions will be complied with. When 
the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as 
income on a systematic basis over the periods that the 
related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, 
are expensed. When the grant relates to an asset, it is 
shown as a deduction from the gross value of concerning 
asset and thus such grant is recognised in Profit and Loss 
Account over the useful life of asset by way of a reduced 
depreciation charge. Where the government grants are of 
the nature of prmoter's contribution and no repayment 
is ordinarily expected in respect thereof, the grants are 
treated as capital reserve.
P Foreign Currency Transactions:
 Transactions in foreign currency are recorded in Indian 
Rupees at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
the transactions. Balances of monetary items in foreign 
currencies, at the date of Balance Sheet i.e. foreign 
currency monetary transactions not settled on the 
Balance Sheet date, are converted into Indian Rupees at 
the rates of exchange prevailing on that date. Exchange 
gains or losses on settlement, if any, are treated as income 
or expenditure respectively in the Statement of Profit & 
Loss in the year in which they arises. Non Monetary items 
has been recorded at Historical Cost.
Q Foreign Currency Derivative Contracts:
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations 
on foreign currency assets and forecasted cash flows 
denominated in foreign currency. The Company tries to 
limit the effects of foreign exchange rate fluctuations 
by following risk management policies including use of 
shares outstanding during the period. Partly paid equity 
shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share 
to the extent that they were entitled to participate in 
dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during the 
reporting period.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects 
of all dilutive potential equity shares.
U Cash Flow Statement
 Cash flows are reported using the Indirect Method, 
where by net profit before tax is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or 
accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated 
with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities 
are segregated.
V Non-Consolidation of Wholly Owned Subsidiary- 
Section-8 Company
 "The Company has a wholly-owned subsidiary 
incorporated as a Section 8 Company under the 
Companies Act, 2013, established exclusively for 
charitable and not-for-profit purposes.
 As per paragraph 11(b) of Accounting Standard (AS) 21 – 
Consolidated Financial Statements, a subsidiary should 
be excluded from consolidation when:
 ""it operates under severe long-term restrictions 
which significantly impair its ability to transfer funds to 
the parent. ""
 In this case, the Section 8 subsidiary is governed by 
statutory provisions which:
(i)  Prohibit any distribution of profits or surplus to its 
members or parent entity;
(ii)  Require that all income and property be applied 
solely for the promotion of its objects;
(iii)  Result in permanent legal restrictions on the 
transfer of funds, including dividends and capital 
repatriation, to the parent company.
 In view of the above, the Company has assessed 
that the said subsidiary operates under severe long-
term statutory restrictions, significantly impairing its 
ability to transfer funds to the parent.  Accordingly, 
the subsidiary has not been consolidated, in line 
with paragraph 11(b) of AS 21.
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
76 77
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 42]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The Board of Directors has taken note of the same and passed a resolution approving the exclusion of the Section 8 subsidiary 
from consolidation, in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. "
1. Share Capital  (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Authorized Share Capital
 4,00,00,000 Equity Shares of C 5/- each {P . Y . 35,00,000 Equity Shares of 
C 10/- each}   2,000.00  350.00 
Issued, Subscribed and Paid up Capital
2,85,51,249 Equity Shares of C 5/- each fully paid-up {P . Y . 30,75,868 Equity 
Shares of C 10/- each Fully Paid-up}*       
*(20,31,440 equity shares of  C 10/- each issued as fully paid up bonus shares 
by way of capitalization of free reserves during FY 2017-18, 43,06,215 equity 
shares of  C 10/- each issued as fully paid up bonus shares and 73,82,083 
Equity shares of C 5/- each issued as fully paid bonus shares by way of 
capitalization of free reserves during FY 2024-25). 
 1,427.56  307.59 
Total  1,427.56  307.59 
 a. Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
Particular As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
No. of Shares (C In Lakhs) No. of Shares (C In Lakhs)
At the beginning of the year  3,075,868  307.59  3,075,868  307.59 
Add: Bonus Shares Issued on 19th April 2024 [Refer 
below Note No- 1.1]  4,306,215  430.62  -    -   
Add: Split/Sub Division of Shares on 8th July 2024 
[Refer Note No- 1.2]  7,382,083  -    -    -   
Add: Bonus Shares Issued on 8th July 2024 [Refer 
Note No- 1.3]  7,382,083  369.10  -    -   
Add: Fresh Public Issue of Equity Shares [Refer Note 
No-  1.4]  6,405,000  320.25  -    -   
Outstanding at the year end  28,551,249  1,427.56  3,075,868  307.59 
 b Terms / Rights attached to equity shares        
 The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 5 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled 
to one vote per share. All shares are pari passu with reference to all rights realting thereto. In event of liquidation, the equity 
share holders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company after ditribution of allthe preferential amounts in 
proportion to their shareholding.
 The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors if any, is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend.
 c. Details of Promoter / shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the company at the end of Year.
Name of Promoters/Shareholders As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
No. of Shares % holding No of Shares % holding
Equity shares of C 5 each fully paid [P . Y . C 10 each]
Keyur Shah-Promoter  15,225,595 53.33%  2,159,370 70.20%
MGC Moser Glaser AG*-Shareholder  -   0.00%  790,498 25.70%
*(During the FY 2024-25, MGC Moser Glaser AG has sold its entire stake and accordingly its holding in the company has been reduced to zero.)
 As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received from shareholders 
regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal as well as beneficial ownerships of shares.
d. Details of Changes in Promoter holding in the company during the year ended.
Name of promoters As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024 % Change 
during the yearNo of Shares % holding No. of Shares % holding
Equity shares of C 5 each fully paid 
[ P.Y.  C 10 each]
Keyur Shah  15,225,595 53.33%  2,159,370 70.20% 16.88%
Twinkle Shah*  -   0.00%  -   0.00% 0.00%
Total  15,225,595 53.33%  2,159,370 70.20%
(*Twinkle Shah ceased to be Promoter of the Company by virtue of resolution dated 21st July, 2023 and accordingly will be termed as relative 
of Promoter/KMP .)      
e Bonus share, shares buyback and issue of shares for consideration other than in cash during five years im-
mediately preceding 31st March 2025
 During the five years immediately preceding 31st March 2025, the Company have not issued any bonus shares except as stated 
b e l o w .          
Particular 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
No of Shares Ratio No of Shares Ratio
Bonus issue - 19th April 2024 [Refer below note no. 1.1]  4,306,215 7:5  -   0:0
Bonus issue - 8th July 2024 [Refer below note no. 1.3]  7,382,083 2:1  -   0:0
 The company has only One class of equity shares at a face value of C5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one 
vote per share.
1.1 Pursuant to a Shareholders’ resolution dated 19 th April 2024, the Company has issued and allotted 43,06,215 Equity 
Shares of face value of C 10 each as a bonus share in the ratio of 7:5 out of Reserve and Surplus.
1.2 Pursuant to a Shareholders’ resolution dated 08th July, 2024, the Company has splitted its par value of C 10 to C 5 each. 
Accordingly the nos of equity shares increased by 73,82,083.
1.3 Pursuant to a Shareholders’ resolution dated 08 th July 2024, the Company has issued 73,82,083 Equity Shares of face 
value of C 5 each as a bonus shares issue in the ratio of 2:1 out of Reserve and Surplus.
1.4 The Company has issued and allotted 64,05,000 Equity Shares of face value of C 5 each at the price of C 146 each 
(including C 141 Security Premium) for total consideration of C 9351.30 Lakhs through SME IPO (Initial Public Offer) on 
Bombay Stock Exchange of India (BSE). Pursuant to the allotment of Equity shares, the paid up Equity Share capital of the 
company stands increased at C 1427.56 Lakhs.
 The details of utilization of IPO Proceeds of C 9351.30 lakhs are as follows: (C in Lakh)
Particulars Proceeds Utilisation upto  
March 31st, 2025
Unutilised upto  
March 31st, 2025*
Setting up a new factory  7,033.98  1,708.28  5,325.70 
General Corporate Purposes**  1,476.15  260.26  1,215.89 
Issue Expenses Paid- With GST  841.17  841.17  -   
Total  9,351.30  2,809.71  6,541.59 
(*The above unutilised amount as at 31st March 2025, has been kept in the schedule bank.) 
(**The GCP Component 260.26 includes issues expenses 212.76 Lacs with GST on and above estimated issue expenses of C 841.17 lacs paid 
- with GST.) 
2. Reserves And Surplus (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Securities Premium
Opening Balance  575.90  575.90 
Add: Preminum Received  9,031.05  -   
Less: IPO Issue Expenses  916.63  -   
Sub-Total  8,690.32  575.90 
Profit & Loss Account
Opening Balance  3,296.73  2,264.89 
Add: Transferred from Profit & Loss Account  2,140.76  1,232.87 
Less: Final Dividend (FY- 2022-23) [Refer note-2.1]  -    201.03 
Less: Issue of bonus shares  799.73  -   
Sub-Total  4,637.76  3,296.73 
Total  13,328.08  3,872.63 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
78 79
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 43]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2.1  Pursuent to the Board Resolution as on 21.07.2023 and the Shareholders' Resolution as on 02.08.2023, Final Dividend 
of C 6.5358/- per equity share has been declared for the Financial Year ended 31 st March, 2023. The said proposal has 
resulted in a Cash Outflow of C 2,01,03,287/- . [in absolute term]
3. Long Term Borrowings (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Secured (Term Loan)
From Bank
(i)    Axis Bank - Term Loan A/c No. 9624 (Refer note no. 3.1)  152.40  238.80 
(ii)   Axis Bank - Term Loan A/c No. 8762 (Refer note no. 3.2)  11.20  33.40 
(iii)  Axis Bank - Term Loan A/c No. 3095 (Refer note no. 3.3)  707.69  413.98 
(iv)  Axis Bank-  Term Loan A/c No.- 1379 (Refer note no. 3.4)  24.25  -   
(v)   HDFC Bank Car Loan (Refer note no. 3.5)  24.26  -   
Less : Current Maturities/Payment of above loans  285.03  190.65 
 634.78  495.53 
Total  634.78  495.53 
Details of Security, Rate of Interest, EMI (Amount & Nos.) with respect to long term Borrowing:
Note No. Particulars Secured Against Rate of Interest  Monthly 
Installment 
 No of 
Installment 
3.1 Axis Bank - Term Loan 
A/c No. 9624 **
Primary: Hypothecation 
charge on entire movable 
fixed assets incl. P&M, F&F 
etc. both present & future. * 
Repo rate + 2.25%* 7.20 Lacs 53
3.2 Axis Bank - Term Loan 
A/c No. 8762 ** Repo rate + 2.25%* 1.85 Lacs 53
3.3 Axis Bank - Term Loan 
A/c No. 3095 ** Repo rate + 2.25%* 10.26 Lacs 77
3.4 Axis Bank - Term Loan 
A/c No. 1379 ** Repo rate + 2.25%* 4.78 Lacs 60
3.5 HDFC Bank Car Loan Hypothicated against Vehicle 8.87% 0.74 Lacs- Incl. 
Interest 39
* As per latest terms of sanctioned, dated, 08th January 2025. 
** Apart from above, the banking facility of term loan obtained from Axis Bank are also collateraly secured against EM/RM on industrial 
property at 84-A/1 & B/1, PO, Khakharia, Taluka Savli, Vadodara and by the personal guarantee of the Director of the company.
4. Long-Term Provisions (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Provision for employee benefits :
- Provision for Gratuity (Refer note No. 35)  82.04  51.30 
Total  82.04  51.30 
5. Other Long-Term Liabilities (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Others Payable  -    8.94 
Total  -    8.94 
6. Short Term Borrowings   (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Secured
From Banks (Repayable on Demand)
(i)  Cash Credit (Refer point "6.1")     1,346.79  21.46 
Current Maturities/Payment of Long Term borrowings (Refer point "6.2")  285.03  190.65 
Total  1,631.82  212.11 
6.1 The Bank Facilities of Working Capital such as Cash Credit, Working Capital Demand Loan, Letters of Credit and Bank 
Guarantee are obtained from Axis Bank and are secured by hypothecation of Company’s entire current assets incl. Stocks 
of Raw Materials, Semi-Finished and Finished Goods, Consumable Stores and Spares, Book Debts as a primary security 
as well as by the personal guarantee of the directors [however, till 27th Novebmer, 2023, there were personal gurantee by 
two directors] of the Company. Rate of Interest therein is Repo Rate + 2.25 %. Collateral Security to these limits is EM/RM 
on industrial property at 84-A/1 & B/1, PO, Khakharia, Taluka Savli, Vadodara.   
6.2 Please refer to note no. 3.1 to 3.5 for details of Details of Security, Rate of Interest, EMI (Amount & Nos.) with respect to 
long term Borrowing.
7. Trade Payables (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Total outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises  143.32  65.38 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and 
Small Enterprises
 1,858.38  1,499.22 
Total  2,001.70  1,564.60 
 Ageing for trade payables outstanding is as follows:
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment TotalLess than 1 Year 1-2 years 2-3 Years More than 3 Years
As at 31st March 2025
MSME*  143.80  1.68  -    -    -    145.48 
Others  1,370.21  474.73  8.29  2.84  0.16  1,856.23 
Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
 1,514.01  476.40  8.29  2.84  0.16  2,001.70 
As at 31st March, 2024
MSME  62.27  3.01  0.10  -    -    65.38 
Others  965.20  507.56  26.28  0.19  -    1,499.22 
Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
 1,027.46  510.57  26.38  0.19  -    1,564.60 
(The above includes amount payable to medium enterprise C 2.15 Lakhs As at 31st March 2025)
8. Other Current Liabilities  (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Others Payable
(i)    Advance from Customers  244.69  87.99 
(ii)   Statutory Dues Payable  261.68  97.82 
(iii)  Salary, Wages & Incentive payable  237.91  165.91 
(iv)  Sundry Creditors for Capital Goods  85.28  37.61 
(v)   Other payable  112.59  34.58 
Total  942.16  423.90 
9. Short Term Provision (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Provision for Employee Benefits 
(i)    Provision for Bonus  10.64  8.56 
(ii)   Provision for gratuity (Refer note No. 35)  7.07  5.09 
(iii)  Provision for compensated absences  13.80  5.87 
Other Provision
(i)   Provision for Income Tax (net of taxes paid in advance)  132.32  103.37 
(ii)  Provision for Liquidated Damages - LD  55.78  -   
Total  219.61  122.89 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
80 81
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 44]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10. Property, Plant & Equipment, Capital Work in Progress & Intangible Assets under Development (C in Lakh)
As at 31 march 2025
 Particular  
Tangible Assets Intangible assets Total of 
Capital 
Work in 
Progress Land   Factory 
Building 
 Plant, 
Machinery 
& Tools & 
Equipment 
 Furni-
ture & 
Fixtures 
 Computer  Office 
Equipment  Vehicle 
 R&D 
Plant & 
Machinery 
Total of 
tangible 
asset
Software Technical 
Knowhow
Total of 
Intangible 
assets
 Gross Block
 Opening  399.48  948.55  1,089.50  155.79  82.53  75.74  92.22  9.70  2,853.51  26.61  59.17  85.78  494.80
 Deduction  -    -    1.51  -    -    -    17.68  -    19.19  -    -    -    1,314.51
 Addition  908.48  523.38  933.59  71.66  23.66  7.66  37.35  -    2,505.79  4.48  -    4.48  1,058.95
 Closing  1,307.96  1,471.93  2,021.57  227.45  106.19  83.40  111.89  9.70  5,340.10  31.09  59.17  90.26  239.24
 Depreciation
 Opening  -    321.23  466.00  86.13  53.44  41.55  66.70  0.57  1,035.61  12.89  54.86  67.75  -
 Deduction/Disposal  -    -    1.42  -    -    -    15.04  -    16.46  -    -    -    -
 For the year   -    62.00  132.75  20.44  25.46  10.33  7.25  1.65  259.89  7.86  3.57  11.43  -
 Closing  -    383.23  597.33  106.56  78.90  51.88  58.91  2.23  1,279.04  20.75  58.43  79.18  -
 Net Block
 Opening  399.48  627.32  623.50  69.66  29.09  34.20  25.53  9.13  1,817.90  13.72  4.31  18.03  494.80
 Closing  1,307.96  1,088.70  1,424.24  120.89  27.29  31.52  52.99  7.48  4,061.06  10.33  0.74  11.08  239.24
As at 31st March 2024
 Particular  
Tangible Assets Intangible assets Total of 
Capital 
Work in 
Progress Land   Factory 
Building 
 Plant, 
Machinery 
& Tools & 
Equipment 
 Furni-
ture & 
Fixtures 
 Computer  Office 
Equipment  Vehicle 
 R&D 
Plant & 
Machinery 
Total of 
tangible 
asset
Software Technical 
Knowhow
Total of 
Intangible 
assets
 Opening  395.44  848.05  1,005.16  118.11  54.60  51.67  148.58  -    2,621.61  13.40  59.17  72.57  -
 Deduction  -    -    120.52  -    -    2.08  56.36  -    178.96  -    -    -    -
 Addition  4.04  100.50  204.85  37.68  27.93  26.16  -    9.70  410.86  13.21  -    13.21  494.80
 Closing  399.48  948.55  1,089.50  155.79  82.53  75.74  92.22  9.70  2,853.51  26.61  59.17  85.78  494.80
 Depreciation
 Opening  -    263.46  445.37  73.13  38.58  32.47  104.68  -    957.69  9.93  54.24  64.17  -
 Deduction/Disposal  -    -    87.84  -    -    1.97  51.23  -    141.04  -    -    -    -
 For the year   -    57.78  108.46  13.00  14.86  11.05  13.24  0.57  218.97  2.96  0.62  3.58  -
 Closing  -    321.23  466.00  86.13  53.44  41.55  66.70  0.57  1,035.62  12.89  54.86  67.75  -
 Net Block 
 Opening  395.44  584.59  559.79  44.99  16.02  19.19  43.90  -    1,663.92  3.47  4.93  8.40  -   
 Closing  399.48  627.32  623.50  69.66  29.09  34.20  25.53  9.13  1,817.90  13.72  4.31  18.03  494.80 
 Intangible Assets under Development (C in Lakh)
Year Particular
 Gross Block  Depreciation  Net Block 
Opening Opening Deduction Addition Closing  Opening Addition/ 
(Deduction) For the year Closing Closing
As at 31st March 2025 Intangible Asset under 
Development  13.50  -    508.23  521.73  -    -    -    -    521.73  13.50 
As at 31st March 2024  -    -    13.50  13.50  -    -    -    -    13.50  -   
11. Non-current investments (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Investment in Equity Instruments, At Cost
(i)   Investment in Equity Instruments- wholly owned Subsidiary - 
      Abhigam Foundation
 1.00  -   
[Yash Highvoltage Limited - held directly 9, 999 Shares and held 1 
Nominee shares of C 10/- each]
 1.00  -   
Agreegate amount of Unquoted Investments  1.00  -   
12. Deferred Tax Assets (Net) (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Deferred Tax Liability
(i)  Related to PPE  2.46  0.27 
 2.46  0.27 
Deferred Tax Assets
(i)  Related to PPE  -    -   
(ii) Related to Disallowance under Income tax  31.17  18.13 
 31.17  18.13 
Total  28.71  17.86 
13. Long-Term Loans and Advances  (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Unsecured, considered good
Capital Advances  1,484.64  402.58 
Total  1,484.64  402.58 
14. Other non-current assets (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Unsecured, considered good
Security Deposits  106.44  60.47 
Other Bank Balances
(i)     Margin Money Deposits  -    0.23 
(ii)    Fixed Deposit against Bank Guarantee  12.15  11.39 
(iii)   Fixed Deposits with Bank (Maturity More Than 12 Months)  -    304.07 
(Refer Note No: 3.1 to 3.4 relating to terms & condition of sanction)
Total  118.59  376.16 
15. Inventories (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
(Valuation: As per Accounting Policy adopted)
(i)    Raw Materials  1,535.28  1,299.84 
(ii)   Work-in-Progress  545.49  409.20 
(iii)  Finished Goods  111.61  227.12 
(iv)  Stock-in-Transit ( Domestic and High-Seas )  751.94  228.51 
(v)   Scrap  22.22  -   
Total  2,966.54  2,164.67 
16. Trade Receivable (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
(i)   Unsecured, Considered Good  2,779.98  1,252.32 
(ii)  Unsecured, Considered Doubtful  5.76  5.76 
Less: Provision for Bad & Doubtful debts  -5.76  -5.76 
Total  2,779.98  1,252.32 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
82 83
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION
82 ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
PERFORMANCE
POWERED BY INNOVATION
[page 45]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
17. Cash and Bank Balances  (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Balance with Bank  344.31  124.79 
Cheques, drafts on hand;  0.33  32.78 
Cash on hand  0.41  0.06 
Earmarked balances with banks (of Unpaid Dividend)  -    -   
Fixed Deposit with Bank (Maturity within 3 Months)  2,033.10  -   
Fixed Deposit with Bank (Maturity within 3 Months)-Held as Margin Money  113.04  106.25 
 2,491.19  263.88 
Other Bank Balances
(i)    Margin Money Deposit  0.24  -   
(ii)   Fixed Deposits with Bank ( Maturity More Than 3 Months )  4,668.28  -   
(iii)  Fixed Deposits with Bank - Held as Margin Money  -    -   
(Refer Note No: 3.1 to 3.4 relating to terms & condition of sanction)
Total  7,159.72  263.88 
18. Short Term Loans & Advances (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Unsecured, considered good
Advances to Related Parties  -    28.12 
Loans & Advance to Employees  8.84  5.97 
Advance to Suppliers  814.14  69.29 
Prepaid Expenses  33.90  107.94 
Deffered premium on forward contracts  2.48  4.53 
Balance with Revenue Authorities  36.09  21.96 
Total  895.45  237.80 
19. Revenue From Operations  (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Sale of Products
(i)  Domestic Sales  14,186.59  10,379.63 
(ii) Direct Export Sales  769.82  437.08 
Other Operating Income
(i)  Export Incentives and Duty Drawbacks  17.21  10.16 
(ii) Scrap Sale  40.51  21.21 
Total  15,014.13  10,848.08 
20. Other Income (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Interest Income  135.55  19.28 
Net Gain on Foreign Exchange Transactions  56.42  40.20 
Other non-operating Income
(i)  Insuranse Claim Received  1.12  0.48 
(ii)  Gain/(Loss) on Sale of Assets  6.61  3.57 
(iii)  Miscellaneous Income  1.63  0.65 
Total  201.33  64.17 
21. Cost of Material Consumed (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Opening Stock & Stock in transit  1,528.34  1,104.94 
Add: Purchases During The Year  8,990.19  6,506.08 
Less: Closing Stock  1,535.28  1,299.84 
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Less: Stock in Transit (Domestic and High seas)  751.94  228.51 
Total  8,231.31  6,082.67 
Raw Materials
Opening Stock of Raw Materials  1,494.07  1,074.03 
Add : Domestic Purchases  2,425.94  2,073.23 
Add : Import Purchases (incl. duty)  6,225.61  4,061.97 
 10,145.62  7,209.23 
Less : Closing Stock of Raw Materials  1,487.18  1,265.56 
Less : Closing Stock in Transit ( Domestic and High-seas )  751.94  228.51 
Raw Materials Consumed  7,906.50  5,715.16 
Packing Materials
Opening Stock of Packing Materials  16.28  21.36 
Add : Packing Material Purchases  279.48  310.17 
 295.76  331.54 
Less : Closing Stock of Packing Materials  13.72  16.28 
Packing Materials Consumed  282.04  315.26 
Consumables
Opening Stock of  Consumables  17.99  9.55 
Add : Consumables Purchased  59.16  60.70 
 77.16  70.25 
Less : Closing Stock of Consumables  34.38  17.99 
Consumable Materials Consumed  42.78  52.26 
Material Consumption
Imported (incl Customs Duty)  5,702.17  3,825.96 
Indigenous  2,529.14  2,256.71 
Total  8,231.31  6,082.67 
22. Changes in inventory of Finished Goods & Work-In-Progress  (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Opening Stocks
(i)   Finished Goods  227.12  48.99 
(ii)  Work-in-Progress  409.20  396.87 
Closing Stocks
(i)   Finished Goods  111.61  227.12 
(ii)  Work-in-Progress  545.49  409.20 
(iii) Scrap  22.22  -   
Total  -42.99  -190.46 
23. Employee Benefit Expense  (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Salaries and wages  1,358.62  1,097.84 
Contribution to Provident and other funds  85.57  50.08 
Staff Welfare Expense  75.13  40.80 
Total  1,519.31  1,188.72 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
84 85
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 46]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
24. Finance Charges  (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Interest Expense
(i)  Borrowings  165.50  54.31 
(ii) Other  1.33  8.72 
Other borrowing costs  148.43  155.75 
Total  315.26  218.79 
25. Depreciation & Amortisation (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Depreciation & Amortisation Expense  271.32  222.54 
Total  271.32  222.54 
26. Other Expenses (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Direct Expenses
(i) Power & Fuel  59.74  38.93 
(ii) Job Work Charges  87.10  37.42 
(iii) Repairs to Machinery  56.01  24.23 
(iv) Testing Charges  47.36  110.99 
(v) Factory Water Charges  1.56  2.90 
(vi) Freight and Clearing Charges-Inward  207.02  166.77 
Sub-Total  458.79  381.24 
Administrative & Other Expenses
(i) Computer Expense  19.33  12.73 
(ii) Contractual Deduction / Sundry Balances Written Off (Net)  63.89  3.79 
(iii) Gardening Expense  2.54  15.95 
(iv) Insurance Expense  47.42  43.70 
(v) Professional Fees & Legal Expense  253.59  124.32 
(vi) Payment to Auditor (refer below note 26.1)  6.90  4.00 
(vii) Membership Fees  24.32  23.13 
(viii) Office Expenses  61.48  35.55 
(ix) Printing & Stationery Expense  9.03  9.17 
(x) Rent, Rates & Taxes Expense excluding taxes on income  65.65  31.78 
(xi) Repairs & Maintenance (Others)  12.86  9.01 
(xii) Security Expense  57.03  45.99 
(xiii) Travelling, Conveyance & Vehicle Expense  194.68  204.63 
(xiv) Corporate Social Responsibility Expense (refer note 29)  31.13  23.87 
(xv) Director Sitting Fees  21.50  -   
(xvi) Other Expenses  42.07  47.48 
Sub-Total  913.43  635.10 
Reseach & Development Exp
(i) Purchase RM (R&D)  10.99  0.74 
(ii) Professional fees (R&D)  19.80  32.11 
(iii) Salary R&D  67.78  28.00 
(iv) Other R&D Expenses  11.37  13.37 
Sub-Total  109.94  74.22 
Selling & Distribution Expenses
(i) Advertisement Expense  22.75  18.10 
(ii) Exhibition Expense  131.25  37.10 
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
(iii) Sales Commission  38.35  21.18 
(iv) Sales Promotion & Selling Expense  114.55  17.72 
(v) Travelling Expense - Sales  140.99  180.42 
(vi) Other Selling Expenses  26.27  25.15 
(vii) Professional Fees - Marketing  52.60  189.03 
(viii) Freight outward  97.65  37.28 
Sub-Total  624.39  525.99 
Total  2,106.55  1,616.55 
26.1 Payment to Auditor
(i) As Statutory Auditor [including Limited Review]  5.38  3.00 
(ii) As Tax Auditor/ Taxation Matter  1.50  0.25 
(iii) For Other Services  0.03  0.75 
 6.90  4.00 
27. Earning Per Share (EPS) (C in Lakh)
No. Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
(i) Net Profit after Tax as per Statement of Profit & Loss 
attributable to Equity Shareholder (INR in Lakhs)  2,140.76  1,232.87 
(ii) Weighted Average number  of Equity shares used as
denominator for calculating EPS (In Nos)  23,988,783  22,146,249 
(iii) Basic Earning per share (In INR)  8.92  5.57 
(iv) Diluted Earning per share (In INR)  8.92  5.57 
(v) Face Value per Equity share (In INR)  5  5 
 As per AS-20, if the number of ordinary or potential ordinary shares outstanding increases as a result of a capitalisation, bonus 
issue or share split, or decreases as a result of a reverse share split, the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share 
for all periods presented shall be adjusted retrospectively. If these changes occur after the reporting period but before the 
financial statements are approved for issue, the per share calculations for those and any prior period financial statements 
presented shall be based on the new number of shares. Pursuant to a Shareholders’ resolution dated 19th April 2024 & dated 
8th July 2024, the Company has issued and allotted Equity Shares through bonus issue in the ratio of 7:5 & 1:2 respectively. In 
addition, shareholder's resolution dated July 08, 2024 the company has also splitted its par value of C 10 per share to C 5 per 
share and accordingly. per share have been adjusted in the financial statements for all the earlier periods presented in the 
financial statements.
28. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments  (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Contingent Liabilities
Other Moneys for which Company is contingently liable 
-   Sales Tax Demand for F . Y 2015-16*  4.76  4.76 
-   CST demand for FY 2015–16*  4.22  4.22 
   *[Pre-Deposit C 2.59 Lakhs]
-   GST Litigation for period July 2017 to 2022 [Pre Deposit-C 8.22 Lakhs]  40.82  220.95 
 49.81  229.93 
Capital Commitments  5,934.77  272.57 
Total  5,984.58  502.50 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
86 87
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 47]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29. Corporate Social Responsibility   (C in Lakh)
No. Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
(i) Gross Amount Required to be spent by the Company during the year  30.32  22.29 
(as per the provisions of Sec. 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with rules thereon)
(ii) Amount of Expenditure Incurred [Excluding Provision for CSR if any]  31.13  23.87 
(iii) Shortfall, if any, at the end of the year  -    -   
(iv) Total of Previous Years Shortfall  -    -   
(v) Reason for Shortfall  NA  NA 
(vi) Details of Related Party Transactions in CSR- Contribution to Section- 
8 Company, Wholly Owned Subsidiary [included in (ii)]  10.46  -   
(vii) Nature of CSR Activities  Refer Note 29.2  Refer Note 29.1 
Nature of CSR Activities         
29.1 The Company has spent a sum of C 23.87 Lacs through expenditure incurred for Promoting Health Care and Education, 
Ensuring Environmental Sustainability & contributions made to Registered Trusts inter-alia involved in activities specified 
in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
29.2 The Company has spent a sum of C 31.13 Lacs through expenditure incurred for Promoting Health Care and Education, 
Ensuring Environmental Sustainability & contributions made to Registered Trusts inter-alia involved in activities specified 
in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
(C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Balance at the beginning of the year/period  -   
Provision made during year/period  -    -   
Provision utilised during year/period  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year/period  -    -   
30. C.I. F. Value Of Imports (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Raw Materials  6,225.61  4,061.97 
Total  6,225.61  4,061.97 
31. Foreign Currency   (C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Expenditure in Foreign Currency
(i) Consultancy incl. Expenses of Intangible Assets under Development  708.84  134.49 
(ii) Commission  36.57  0.74 
(iii) Exhibition Expense  83.04  36.64 
(iv) Advertisement Expense  -    2.50 
(v) Freight Export  -    0.70 
(vi) Travelling  114.78  66.75 
(vii) Director Sitting Fees  3.75  -   
(viii) Other Capital Expenditure  68.34  -   
Total  1,015.33  241.82 
(C in Lakh)
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Earnings in Foreign Currency
(i) FOB Value of Exports  765.96  429.43 
Total  765.96  429.43 
(C in Lakh)
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Particulars of Unhedged Foreign Currency Exposure
(i) Sundry Debtors  108.81  23.19 
(ii) Sundry Creditors  799.30  492.45 
(iii) Advances for Import of Goods  -    2.53 
Total  908.11  518.16 
32. Derivative Instrument (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Outstanding Forward Contracts (Hedge against Import)
(i) CHF  336.79  6.19 
(ii) USD  112.21  -   
Total  449.00  6.19 
33. Disclosure On Lease
 The Company has taken certain premises under operating lease or leave and license agreement. The lease terms in respect of 
such premises is on basis on individual agreement with respective owners.
(C in Lakh)
Particulars For the Year eneded 
31/03/2025
For the Year eneded 
31/03/2024
Lease Payment recognized in the statement of profit and loss  40.67  15.43 
Total  40.67  15.43 
34  Research & Development Expense 
 The company carries on in-house Research & Development (R&D) for development of new product range as well as upgradation 
/ increasing efficiency of existing product range. The company has also obtained approval of its R&D Unit(s) from Department 
of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR). Expenses directly attributable to R&D activity have been presented under the 
head "R&D Expenses" under Note 26 Other Expenses to the extent identifiable. The Company would also have incurred other 
costs in terms of portions of common expenditures and overheads toward the aforesaid Research & Development activities 
during the year ended. However, the same have not been separately segregated.
 35  Post Employment Benefits
 Providend Fund and ESI dues paid during the year being defined contributions have been charged to the Profit and Loss 
Account in the respective year in which the same has been incurred.
 The Company's policy of Leave Encashment is a short-term compensation plan. Accordingly, amount of (Till 31st March 2025) 
C17,75,063/- & C 2,42,544/- (F . Y . 2023-24) towards Leave Encashment during the year has been debited to P&L account and 
total of (Till 31st March 2025) C 13,79,814 & (F . Y . 2023-24) C 5,87,151/- is appearing as liability in the financial statements. [Note: 
All figures mentioned here is in aboslute terms]
 The Company has defined benefit Gratuity plan. The Company has availed the services of acturial valuation for creating a 
provision towards Gratuity and accordingly the amount towards Gratuity is provided for as per the actuarial valution report. 
The company has also created a plan asset by making contribution towards Gratuity Fund maintained with Life Insurance 
Corporation of India to the tune of  (Till 31st March 2025) C 12,78,798/- & (F . Y . 2023-24) C 11,87,592/- which has been shown as 
a deduction form the Present Value of Gratuity Obligations as per the Actuarial Valuation Report. [Note: All figures mentioned 
here is in aboslute terms]
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
88 89
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 48]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 GRATUITY (C in Lakh)
Change in Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Present Value of Obligations
Present Value of Obligations as at the beginning of the Year  68.27  61.04 
Interest Cost  4.95  4.58 
Current Cost  15.15  10.79 
Benefits Paid  (3.58)  (1.76)
Obligations arising because of previous years accounted as prior 
period expenditure  -    -   
Actuarial (gains) / losses on obligation  17.11  (6.39)
Present Value of Obligations as at the end of the Year/Period  101.90  68.27 
Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at the beginning of the Year  11.88  11.03 
Expected Return on Plan Assets  0.83  0.80 
Contributions  -    -   
Benefits Paid  -    -   
Actuarial gains / (losses) on Plan Assets  0.08  0.05 
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at the end of the Year/Period  12.79  11.88 
Defined Benefit Obligation as recognized in Balance Sheet
Present Value of Obligations as at the Year end  101.90  68.27 
Unrecognised Past Service Cost  -    -   
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at the Year end  12.79  11.88 
Net (Asset) / Liability recognized in Balance Sheet  89.11  56.39 
Net Gratuity Expenditure Recognized in P&L Account
Current Service Cost  15.15  10.79 
Interest Cost  4.95  4.58 
Expected Return on Plan Assets  (0.83)  (0.80)
Net Actuarial (Gain) / Loss Recognized in the Year  17.03  (6.44)
Net Expense Recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  36.30  8.13 
36. Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) aging schedule (C in Lakh)
CWIP
Amount for the period of
TotalLess than 1 
Year 1-2 Year 2-3 Year more than 3 
years
Project In Progess
2024-25  239.24  -    -    -    239.24 
2023-24  494.80  -    -    -    494.80 
 Note:- 
 36.1 There are no projects whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost. 
 36.2 Borrowing cost capitalized is C 27.68 Lakhs [FY-24-25], C 13.01 Lakhs [FY-23-24].
37. Intangible assets under development aging schedule:  (C in Lakh)
Intangible assets under 
development
Amount for the period of
TotalLess than 1 
Year 1-2 Year 2-3 Year more than 3 
years
2024-25  508.23  13.50  -    -    521.73 
2023-24  13.50  -    -    -    13.50 
 Note:- 37.1 There are no projects whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost.
38  Summary of CC Statements Submitted to Bank of Quarterly returns compared with Books of account  
F . Y . 2024-25 (C in Lakh)
Year Particular of 
Security
Balance As 
per Bank
Balance As 
per Books Difference Difference % Reasons 
6/30/2024 Book Debt  1,698.15  1,692.94  5.21  0.00 Not Material
9/30/2024 Book Debt  2,049.77  1,793.39  256.38 14.30% Not Material
12/31/2024 Book Debt  2,758.90  2,501.66  257.25 10.28% Not Material
3/31/2025 Book Debt  2,779.99  2,779.98  0.01 0.00% Not Material
Year Particular of 
Security
Balance As 
per Bank
Balance As 
per Books Difference Difference % Reasons 
6/30/2024 Inventory  1,576.18  2,252.01  -675.83 -30.01%  * 
9/30/2024 Inventory  2,314.12  2,911.17  -597.05 -20.51% Not Material
12/31/2024 Inventory  2,388.58  2,765.32  -376.74 -13.62% Not Material
3/31/2025 Inventory  2,214.60  2,966.54  -751.94 -25.35%  * 
 F . Y . 2023-24 (C in Lakh)
Quarter Particular of 
Security
Balance As 
per Bank
Balance As 
per Books Difference Difference % Reasons 
6/30/2023 Book Debt  1,221.72  1,221.72  -   0.00%
 Not Material9/30/2023 Book Debt  1,703.10  1,703.10  -0.00 0.00%
12/31/2023 Book Debt  1,416.83  1,416.83  -   0.00%
3/31/2024 Book Debt  1,258.08  1,252.32  5.76 0.46%
Quarter Particular of 
Security
Balance As 
per Bank
Balance As 
per Books Difference Difference % Reasons 
6/30/2023 Inventory  1,548.56  1,566.19  -17.63 -1.13%
Not Material9/30/2023 Inventory  1,856.57  1,884.37  -27.80 -1.48%
12/31/2023 Inventory  2,072.93  2,192.91  -119.98 -5.47%
3/31/2024 Inventory  1,901.08  2,164.67  -263.59 -12.18%
*The said variance is on account of value of stock in transit & certain other stores & spares related items & valuation of inventories. 
39. Related Parties Disclosures
 As per Accounting Standard 18, the disclosures of transactions with the related parties are given below:
(i) As per related parties where control exists and related parties with whom transactions have taken place and 
relationships.
Sr. No Relationship Name of the Related Parties
1
KMP/Promoter Keyur Shah-Managing Director
Twinkle Shah - Director [Untill 20th July 2023]
KMP Sumit Poddar [w.e.f 1st August 2024]
Tushar Lakhmapurkar [w.e.f 1st August 2024]
2 Relative of Promoter/KMP Twinkle Shah [w.e.f 21st July 2023]
Bhavin Shah
3 Director Oliver Haerdi -Director [Till 25th March 2024]
4 Enterprise over which KMP's / Relatives 
exercise significant influence
Incredible Garden Art
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.
Narayan Industrial Corporation
Yash Swisstech Private Limited (Formerly known as Incredible 
Landscapes Pvt Ltd.)*
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
90 91
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 49]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Sr. No Relationship Name of the Related Parties
5 Enterprises having Substaintial Interest 
in the Company
MGC Moser Glaser AG  [Till 16th April 2024]
Pfiffiner International AG* [Till 16th April 2024]
6 Enterprises under Common Control as 
the Company Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd [Till 13th June 2024] 
7 Wholly owned Subsidiary Abhigam Foundation- Section-8 Registered Entity 
(*There have been no related party transactions with these two enterprises during Year ended 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024)
(ii)  Related Party Transaction  (C in Lakh)
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
KMP/Relative of Promoter
Directors Remuneration & Perquisites incl. Bonus 
Keyur Shah  140.02  147.17 
Office Rent & Car Lease Rent
Keyur Shah  26.72  6.00 
Twinle Shah  -    6.00 
Personal Guarantee Commission
Keyur Shah  66.21  34.46 
Twinkle Shah  -    34.46 
Professional Fees
Twinkle Shah  22.40  22.34 
Recovery of Issue Expenses of IPO [With GST]
Keyur Shah [Refer below note]  169.67  -   
Contribution towards CSR
Abhigam Foundation- Section-8, Wholly Owned Subsidiary  10.46  -   
Investment Made in Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Abhigam Foundation- Section-8 registered Company  1.00  -   
Salary, Perquisites -KMP 
Sumit poddar - Salary & Perquisites  31.11  -   
Tushar Lakhmapurkar- Salary & Perquisites  8.22  -   
Dividend 
Keyur Shah  -    141.13 
Twinkle Shah  -    5.88 
Bhavin Shah  -    0.33 
Sales / Transfer (net of borrowing) of Assets
Keyur Shah  -    32.78 
Enterprise over which KMP's / Relatives exercise significant influence
Purchases/Office Expense/Sales Promotion Expenses/Issue Expense
Incredible Garden Art  8.57  1.03 
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.  0.02  1.20 
Narayan Industrial Corporation  -    11.64 
PPE (incl CWIP)
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.  0.75  -   
Repairs and Maintenance
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.  1.40  1.88 
Incredible Garden Art  -    11.51 
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Sales
Incredible Garden Art  -    2.16 
Staff Welfare & Training Expenses
Incredible Garden Art  -    1.55 
Advance Provided/(Received Back) - for Tendering Purpose
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.  (28.12)  28.12 
Enterprises having Substaintial Interest in the Company
Purchases including Goods in transit
MGC Moser Glaser AG   144.59  3,382.77 
Dividend 
MGC Moser Glaser AG   -    51.67 
Sales
MGC Moser Glaser AG   -    0.31 
Recovery of Common Expenses
MGC Moser Glaser AG   -    0.79 
Enterprises under Common Control as the Company
PPE
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    1.20 
Sales
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    1.14 
Job Work Expenses
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    32.48 
Testing & Other Expenses
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    41.30 
Recovery of Common Expenses
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    -   
Purchase  -    -   
Shree Narayan Industrial  Corporation
 (iii) Closing Balance (C in Lakh)
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
KMP/Relative of Promoter
Payable 
Twinkle Shah  1.68  -   
Keyur Shah  18.78  -   
Sumit Poddar  2.92  -   
Tushar Lakhmapurkar  1.02  -   
Enterprise over which KMP's / Relatives exercise significant influence 
Purchases / Maintenance- Payable
Incredible Garden Art  5.81  0.42 
Advance/(Payable)
Green Electricals Pvt. Ltd.  (0.59)  28.12 
Enterprises having Substaintial Interest in the Company
Purchases
MGC Moser Glaser AG   -    1,036.10 
Enterprises under Common Control as the Company
Sales
Pfiffner Instrument Transformers Private Ltd  -    6.61 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
92 93
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 50]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Wholly Owned Subsidiary- Section-8 Company  1.00  -   
Investment in Equity Instruments 
 Related Party relationship is as identified by the Company and relied upon by the Auditor.
 Note: In connection with the Initial Public Offering (IPO) of equity shares of the Company, the issue comprised of both a fresh 
issue of shares by the Company and an Offer for Sale (OFS) by promoter of the Company - Mr. Keyur Shah.
 Apportionment of Expenses:
 The total IPO expenses have been allocated between the Company and the promoter in proportion to the respective gross 
proceeds raised through the fresh issue and the offer for sale except where separate bifurcation is available. Accordingly, the 
Company has recognized only its proportionate share of IPO-related expenses (i.e., 916.63 Lakhs) in its books of accounts. 
These expenses have been adjusted against the Securities Premium Account in accordance with the provisions of Section 52 
of the Companies Act, 2013. The balance portion of the IPO expenses attributable to the promoter has been borne by him i.e. 
Keyur Shah and has not been charged to the Company’s Statement of Profit and Loss or reserves.
40  Additional Regulatory Information  
 Ratio Analysis
Ratio Numerator Denominator F.Y.   
2024-25
F.Y.   
2023-24
% of Variance 
in F . Y . 2024-25
Remarks if 
difference is > 25%
Current Ratio 
(in times)
Total Current 
Assets
Total Current 
Liabilities 2.88 1.69 70.66%
The Said Variance is on 
account of increases 
in the Current Asset 
during the year under 
consideration as 
compared to Current 
Liability.
Debt Equity 
ratio (in times) Debt Total Equity 0.15 0.17 -9.26% Not Applicable
Debt Service 
Coverage ratio 
(in times)
Earning for Debt 
Service = Net 
Profit before 
taxes + Non-
Cash operating 
expenses + 
Interest  + 
Other non-cash 
adjustments
Debt Service 
= Interest 
and lease 
payments 
+ principal 
repayment
6.72 5.40 24.43% Not Applicable
Return on 
Equity Ratio 
(in %)
Profit for the year 
less preference 
dividends (if any)
Average total 
equity 22.61% 33.65% -32.80%
The said variance is on 
account of increases in 
the average total equity 
as compared to total 
earnings during the year 
under consideration.
Inventory 
Turnover Ratio 
(in times)
Revenue from 
operations
Average 
Inventory 5.852 5.839 0.22% Not Applicable
Trade 
Receivable 
turnover ratio 
(in times)
Revenue from 
operations
Average Trade 
Receivables 7.45 7.49 -0.57% Not Applicable
Trade Payables 
turnover ratio 
(in times)
Net Purchases & 
Other Expense
Average Trade 
Payables 6.22 5.38 15.58% Not Applicable
Ratio Numerator Denominator F.Y.   
2024-25
F.Y.   
2023-24
% of Variance 
in F . Y . 2024-25
Remarks if 
difference is > 25%
Net Capital 
Turnover Ratio 
(in times)
Revenue from 
Operations
Average 
Working 
Capital (i.e. 
Total Current 
Assets less 
Total Current 
Liabilities)
2.83 7.04 -59.74%
The said variance is on 
account of increases in 
the avg working capital 
without proportionate 
increases in the 
revenue. 
Net Profit 
Ratio (in %) Profit for the year Revenue from 
Operations 14.26% 11.36% 25.46%
The said variances 
is on account of 
increases in the profits 
during the year under 
consideration.
Return on 
Capital 
Employed (in 
%)
Profit before tax 
and finance cost
Capital 
Employed = 
Net Worth + 
Total Debt+ 
Deferred Tax 
Liabilities
18.39% 40.76% -54.89%
The said variance is on 
account of increases in 
the average total capital 
employed as compared 
to total earnings 
during the year under 
consideration.
41.  The Financial Statement has been prepared in absolute numbers and then converted into Lakhs to meet the presentation 
requirement as per Companies Act, accordingly the variance on account of decimals rounding-off may exist.
42.  The Company is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing of high end transformer bushings, which in the context of 
Accounting Standard 17 on Segment Reporting on "Segment Reporting" constitutes a single reportable segment. The analysis 
of geographical segments is based on the areas in which operations are carry out is provided below:
(C in Lakh)
Nature of Expense 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
In India Outside India In India Outside India
Sale of Products  14,186.59  769.82  10,379.63  437.08 
Carrying amount of segment assets  20,158.94  108.81  7,036.31  23.19 
 (Note: Out of the total sales, FY 2024-25, customer 1 represents the sale of C 15.92 Cr, Customer 2 represents the sale of 
C 15.24 Cr.)
 (Note: Out of the total sales, FY 2023-24, customer 1 represents the sale of C 13.72 Cr, Customer 2 represents the sale of 
C 12.65 Cr.) 
43. Disclosure related to Micro & Small Enterprises: (C in Lakh)
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
(a) the principal amount and the interest if any due thereon remaining unpaid 
to any supplier at the end of each accounting year
 143.32  65.38 
(b) the amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the Micro, 
Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (27 of 2006), 
along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each accounting year;
 -    -   
(c) the amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006;
 -    -   
(d) the amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year; and
 -    -   
(e) the amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues above are 
actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a 
deductible expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises.
 -    -   
 (Note: The above information has been complied in respect of parties to the exten they could be identified as Micro & Small 
Enterprises on the basis of information available with the company regarding the status of registration of such vendors under 
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
94 95
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 51]
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND EXPLANATORY NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the said act, as per the information received from them on requests made by the company. In addition, The company deals 
with the various micro and small enterprises on mutually accpeted terms and conditions. Accordingly no interest is payable 
if the terms are adhered to by the company. Accordingly no interest has been paid or is due and no provision for the interest 
payable to such units is required or has been made under the Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Developement Act, 2006.)
44. The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 09 January 2025, considered & approved the “Yash Highvoltage 
Employee Stock Option Scheme – 2025” (ESOS–2025). Subsequently the shareholders of the company, by postal ballot 
approved the scheme on 07 March 2025 for the 11,42,000 stock options to be offered to the employees of the company. In this 
regard, the company has also received the In-principal approval from the BSE Limited vide their letter dated 07 April 2025 for 
the said scheme.
45.  The disclosure as regards to provision for liquidated damages:      
Particulars As at 31/03/2025 As at 31/03/2024
Carrying amount at the beginning of the year  -    -   
 Add: Provision/Expenses during the year  55.78  -   
 Less : Reversal of Provision  -    -   
 Carrying amount at the close of the year  55.78  -   
46. The previous year figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary to corrospond with the current year 
classification for the comparison.
 47.  Other Statutory Information
i) The Company does not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any benami property.
ii) The Company do not have any transactions with companies struck off.
iii) The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
iv) The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the year/period ended.
v) The Company have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
vi) The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
vii) The Company do not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts and that has been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, 
search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961)
viii) There is no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
ix) The company is not  declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
(x) The company has only one subsidiary in India and accordingly provisions of section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017 is not applicable to the company.
(xi)  The title deed of the immovable property are held in the name of company only.
 48.  The financial statements were authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board of Directors on 20 th 
May, 2025. The financial statements as approved by the Board of Directors are subject to final approval by its Shareholders.
For Shah Mehta & Bakshi
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 103824W
For and on Behalf of Board of Directors
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED
CIN : L40109GJ2002PLC040833
Daxal Pandya
Partner
M. No.177345
Keyur Shah     
Managing Director
DIN: 01064190
Twinkle Shah
 Director 
 DIN: 03575362
Sumit Poddar
 CFO
 Tushar 
Lakhmapurkar 
 CS 
Place: Vadodara
Date: 20/05/2025
321
Financial  
Statements
Statutory 
Reports
Corporate 
Overview
96 97
ANNUAL REPORT 24.25YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD.
POWER
GROWTH AMBITION

[page 52]
NOTES NOTES
[page 53]
NOTES
[page 54]
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED
Office and Manufacturing Plant
84/1-B, Khakhariya, Halol-Savli Road, 
Vadodara, Gujarat - 391510, India
Email : sales@yashhv.com
Website : www.yashhv.com
Mobile : +91 90990 96577
