[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 18th August, 2026 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
NSE Script Code - MMP 
 
Subject: Compliance under Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the following: - 
i. Notice to the Shareholders to convene the 53rd Annual General Meeting (AGM)  
scheduled on Saturday, September 12, 202 6 at 1 1:00 p.m. IST through Video  
Conferencing (WC') / Other Audio Visual Means ('OAVM'); and  
ii. The Annual Report for the Financial Year 202 5-2026. 
The Notice of 53rd AGM and the Annual Report for the year ended March 31, 202 6 are 
also available on the website of our Company, www.mmpil .com. 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
                     
Madhura Singh   
CS & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As Above. 
[page 2]

[page 3]
Mr. ARUN RAGHUVIRRAJ BHANDARI
Mr. SANJAY SACHETI 
Chairman & Managing Director
Dr. SANJAY ARORA
Non-executive, Independent Director
Ms. ULKA KULKARNI
Non-executive, Independent Director
        Mr. RAJ SETHIA 
Non-executive, Independent Director
Non-executive, Independent Director Non-executive, Independent Director Non-executive, Director
Mr. SACHIN NIRGUDKAR Ms. ROHINI BHANDARI
Mr. LALIT  BHANDARI
Whole-time Director Whole-time Director
Mr. TENNETI NARASIMHAM MURTHY
Mr. MAYANK BHANDARI
Non-executive, Director

[page 4]
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Mr. ARUN RAGHUVEER RAJ BHANDARI Chairman & Managing Director
 DIN: 00008901
 Mr. SANJAY SACHETI Non-executive, Independent Director
 DIN: 00271310
 Mr. SACHIN NIRGUDKAR Non-executive, Independent Director
 DIN: 06890618
 Ms. ULKA KULKARNI Non-executive, Independent Director
 DIN: 07085469
 Mr. RAJ SETHIA Non-executive, Independent Director
 DIN: 03203265
 DR. SANJAY ARORA Non-executive, Independent Director
 DIN: 08518801
 Mr. LALIT RANJEET RAJ BHANDARI Whole-time Director
 DIN: 00010934
 Mr. TENNETI NARASIMHAM MURTHY  Whole-time Director
 DIN: 08342116
 MR. MAYANK ARUN BHANDARI  Non-executive Director
 DIN: 01176865
 MS. ROHINI BHANDARI  Non-Executive Director
 DIN:06458838
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CA SHARAD MOHANLAL KHANDELWAL
COMPANY SECRETARY CS MADHURA SINGH
STATUTORY AUDITORS  M/s.  MANISH N. JAIN & CO., CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, NAGPUR
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR M/s. V AIBHA V JACHAK & CO., COMPANY SECRETARIES, NAGPUR
COST AUDITORS  M/s. DEEPAK KHANUJA  & ASSOCIATES, COST ACCOUNTANTS, NAGPUR
INTERNAL AUDITORS M/s NITIN ALSHI AND ASSOCIATES, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, NAGPUR
BANKERS AXIS BANK LIMITED
 KOTAK BANK LIMITED
 FEDARAL BANK
REGISTERED OFFICE 211, SHRI MOHINI, 345, KINGSWAY , NAGPUR – 440 001, MH – IN
CORPORATE OFFICE B-24, HINGNA MIDC AREA, HINGNA, NAGPUR – 440 016, MH – IN
WORKS UNIT 1: MMP  Industries Limited, Village Maregaon, Post Shahapur, Dist. Bhandara – 441906, MH, IN.
 UNIT 2: H. M. Engineering (I & II), B-16/2 and B-16/6, MIDC Butibori, Nagpur - 441122, MH, IN.
 UNIT 3: Mars Industries, Village Neri, P.O. Warthi, Tah. Mohadi, Dist. Bhandara – 441905, MH, IN.
 UNIT 4: NPM Industries, B-28, MIDC area, Hingna Road, Digdoh, Hingna, Nagpur - 440016, MH, IN.
 UNIT 5: MMP Industries Limited, Plot No. D-15/2 & D-16, MIDC Umred, Umred 441203, MH, IN.
WEBSITE www.mmpil.com
REGISTRAR & SHARE  BIGSHARE SERVICES PRIV ATE LIMITED, MUMBAI
TRANSFER AGENT
Mr. ARUN RAGHUVIRRAJ BHANDARI
Mr. SANJAY SACHETI 
Chairman & Managing Director
Dr. SANJAY ARORA
Non-executive, Independent Director
Ms. ULKA KULKARNI
Non-executive, Independent Director
        Mr. RAJ SETHIA 
Non-executive, Independent Director
Non-executive, Independent Director Non-executive, Independent Director Non-executive, Director
Mr. SACHIN NIRGUDKAR Ms. ROHINI BHANDARI
Mr. LALIT  BHANDARI
Whole-time Director Whole-time Director
Mr. TENNETI NARASIMHAM MURTHY
Mr. MAYANK BHANDARI
Non-executive, Director

[page 5]
CONTENTS
Sr. No. Particulars Page No.
1. Notice of Fifty Third (53rd) Annual General Meeting 1-17
2. Fifty-Third (53rd) Board’s Report 18-43
3. Management Discussion and Analysis Report 44-50
4. Corporate Governance Report 51-72
5. Auditors Certificate on compliance of Corporate Governance 73-74
6. Standalone Financial Statements & Reports
•	 Independent Auditors’ Report 75-87
•	 Balance Sheet 88
•	 Statement of Profit & Loss 89
•	 Cash Flow Statement 90-91
•	 Accounting Policies and Notes forming part of Financial Statements 94-110
7. Consolidated Financial Statements & Reports
•	 Independent Auditors’ Report 156-165
•	 Balance Sheet 166
•	 Statement of Profit & Loss 167
•	 Cash Flow Statement 168-169
•	 Accounting Policies and Notes forming part of Financial Statements 171-189
[page 6]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
1
MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Corporate Identification Number (CIN) – L 32300 MH 1973 PLC 030813
Registered Office: 211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kingsway, Nagpur – 440001, MH, IN
Tel No.: +91 712 2533 585 Fax No.: +91 712 2530 461
E-mail: companysecretary@mmpil.com; Website: www.mmpil.com
NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given tha t the Fifty-third (53 rd) Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders (Members) of MMP 
Industries Limited will be held on Saturday, the 12th day of September 2026 at 11.00 A.M. through Video Conferencing 
(‘VC’)/Other Audio Visual Means (‘OA VM’) facility, to transact the following business: -
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for 
the year 2025-26 ended 31st March, 2026, comprising of the Balance Sheet as at 31 st March 2026, Statement of 
Profit & Loss and Statement of Cash Flow for the year 2025-26 ended 31st March, 2026, together with the Report 
of the Statutory Auditors and Board’s Report thereon.
2. To declare a final dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2026.
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Mayank Bhandari, [Category – Non - Executive], who retires by rotation and, 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
4. Ratification of Remuneration of Cost Auditors of the Company
 RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification/s 
or re-enactment/s thereof, for the time being in force), M/s Deepak Khanuja & Associates, Cost Accountants, Nagpur, 
[Firm Registration No. 100247], whose appointment as the Cost Auditors of the Company, for the financial year 2026-
27 ending 31 st March 2027, has been duly approved by the Board of Directors based on the recommendations of the 
Audit Committee of the Company, be paid a sum Rs.80,000/- (Rupees Eighty Thousand) only plus applicable tax 
(GST) and reimbursement of actual out of pocket expenses, if any, as a remuneration for audit of cost records of the 
Company for the financial year 2026-27 ending 31 st March 2027, as recommended by the Board of Directors based on 
the recommendations of the Audit Committee of the Company, be and are hereby ratified.
5. Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Arun Bhandari as Managing Director above age of 70 years for his 
term upto 31st January, 2028
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
 RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196(3)(a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the applicable rules made thereunder and Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 
(including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), 
and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors 
of the Company, approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the continuation of Mr. 
Arun Bhandari (DIN: 00008901) as Managing Director of the Company beyond the age of seventy years, for the 
remainder of his existing tenure up to 31st January, 2028, on the existing terms and conditions of his appointment 
as previously approved by the Members of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof) 
be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to execute all such documents, 
instruments and writings as may be necessary, expedient or desirable for giving effect to this Resolution.
6.  Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Lalit Bhandari as Whole Time Director (Executive Director) for his 
term upto 31st March, 2027 and consider and approve his appointment for term of 5 years upto 31st March, 
2032.
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
[page 7]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
2
 RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, approval of the 
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for continuation of Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari (DIN: 
00010934) as Whole-time Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, notwithstanding his attainment 
of the age of seventy years, for the remainder of his existing tenure up to 31st March, 2027, on the existing terms 
and conditions of his appointment as previously approved by the Members of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the aforesaid provisions and subject to such approvals as may be 
required, approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Lalit 
Ranjeet Raj Bhandari (DIN: 00010934) as Whole-time Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
for a further period of five (5) years commencing from 1st April, 2027 up to 31st March, 2032, notwithstanding 
that he has attained the age of seventy years, on such terms and conditions, including remuneration, as approved 
by the Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and as set 
out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof) be 
and is hereby authorised to alter and vary the terms and conditions of appointment and/or remuneration of Mr. Lalit 
Ranjeet Raj Bhandari, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Schedule V thereto and such other 
applicable provisions of law.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof) 
and/or the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things and to execute all such documents, instruments and writings as may be necessary, expedient or 
desirable for giving effect to this Resolution.
7.  To ratify and approve the appointment of M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive financial years commencing from FY 
2025-26 up to FY 2029-30.
 To consider if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution(s) as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(4) 
of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded to ratify and approve 
the appointment of M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Secretarial Auditors 
of the Company for a term of five consecutive financial years commencing from FY 2025-26 and ending with FY 
2029-30, at such remuneration, plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses, as may be 
mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors and the Secretarial Auditor.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any Committee thereof) be 
and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, expedient or desirable 
for giving effect to this resolution.
8.  Appointment of Mr. Raj Sethia as a director and as an Independent Director
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
 RESOLVED THAT Mr. Raj Sethia (DIN - 03203265)  who was appointed by the Board of Directors as an 
Additional Director(Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company with effect from 10 th August, 2026 and who 
holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting of the Company in terms of Section 161(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and Articles of Association of the Company but who is eligible for appointment, 
in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the 
Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as Director 
(Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company.
[page 8]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
3
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Act, the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, read with Schedule 
IV to the Act and Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended 
from time to time, the appointment of Mr. Raj Sethia who meets the criteria for independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Act along with the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations 
and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and who is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director 
of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a term of five years commencing 10th August, 2026 to 9th August 2031 be and is hereby approved.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to 
do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to 
give effect to this resolution.”
9.  Appointment of Dr. Sanjay Arora as a director and as an Independent Director
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
 RESOLVED THAT Dr. Sanjay Arora (DIN - 08518801) who was appointed by the Board of Directors as an 
Additional Director(Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company with effect from 10 th August, 2026 and who 
holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting of the Company in terms of Section 161(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and Articles of Association of the Company but who is eligible for appointment, 
in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the 
Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as Director 
(Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Act, the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, read with Schedule IV 
to the Act and Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from 
time to time, the appointment of Dr. Sanjay Arora who meets the criteria for independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Act along with the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations 
and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and who is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director 
of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a term of five years commencing 10th August, 2026 to 9th August 2031 be and is hereby approved.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to 
do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to 
give effect to this resolution.”
By Order of the Board
Sd/-
Madhura Singh
CS & Compliance Officer
MMP Industries Limited
CIN L32300MH1973PLC030813
211, Shrimohini, 345, Kingsway
Nagpur - 440001, MH, IN
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
[page 9]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
4
NOTES:-
1. The General Circular Pursuant to the General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) and other applicable circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or 
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold AGM 
through Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OA VM), without the physical presence of members at a 
common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars, AGM shall be conducted through VC / OA VM.
2. As the AGM shall be conducted through VC / OA VM, physical attendance of members is not required and the facility 
for appointment of Proxy by the Members is not available for this AGM and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip 
including Route Map are not annexed to this Notice.
3. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act setting out material facts concerning the business under 
Item Nos. 4 to 9 of the Notice is annexed hereto. The relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (ICSI), in respect of Directors seeking appointment/re- appointment at this AGM are also annexed. Mr. Arun 
Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari and Ms. Rohini Bhandari are relatives of each other as defined under 
Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013.
4. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OA VM mode 15 minutes before & after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the 
AGM through VC/OA VM will be made available to at least 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not 
include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account 
of first come first served basis. The detailed instructions for joining the Meeting through VC/OA VM forms part of this 
notes.
5. Institutional / Corporate shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned copy 
(PDF / JPG Format) of their respective Board or governing body Resolution / Authorisation etc., authorising their 
representative to attend the AGM through VC / OA VM on their behalf and to vote through remote e-V oting. The said 
Resolution / Authorisation shall be sent to the Scrutiniser by e-mail on its registered e-mail address to cshelpdesk09@
gmail.com, csvaibhavj@gmail.com with a copy marked to companysecretary@mmpil.com.
6. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OA VM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
7. In line with aforementioned MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2025-26 is 
being sent only through e-mail, to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/ Registrar 
& Share Transfer Agent (RTA)/ Depository Participant/ Depositories. The Notice convening the 53 rd AGM has been 
uploaded on the website of the Company at www.mmpil.com and may also be accessed from the relevant section of the 
websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com.
8. Record Date, Book Closure and Dividend:
a) The Company has fixed Saturday, 5th September, 2026 as the ‘Record Date ’ for determining entitlement of 
members to dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, if approved at the AGM.
b) The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company will be closed from Monday, 7th September, 
2026 to 12th September, 2026 (both days inclusive).
c) If the dividend, as recommended by the Board of Directors, is approved at the AGM, payment of such dividend 
subject to deduction of tax at source will be made within 30 days from the date of AGM as under:
i. To all Beneficial Owners in respect of shares held in dematerialised form as per the data as may be made 
available by the National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and the Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (“CDSL”), collectively “Depositories”, as of end of day on Saturday, 5th September, 2026;
9. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. 1st April, 2020 and the 
Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed 
rates for various categories, please refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and the amendments thereof. The shareholders are 
requested to update their PAN with the Depository Participant (if shares held in electronic form) and Company / RTA (if 
[page 10]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
5
shares held in physical form). A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and who is not liable to pay income tax can 
submit a yearly declaration in Form No. 15G / 15H, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source by e-mail to 
companysecretary@mmpil.com / tds@bigshareonline.com by 11:59 p.m. IST on 5th September, 2026. Shareholders are 
requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a higher rate of 20%. Non-resident 
shareholders [including Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)] can avail beneficial 
rates under tax treaty between India and their country of tax residence, subject to providing necessary documents i.e. 
No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other 
document which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits. For this purpose the shareholder may submit the above 
documents (PDF / JPG Format) by e-mail to companysecretary@mmpil.com / tds@bigshareonline.com. The aforesaid 
declarations and documents need to be submitted by the shareholders by 11:59 p.m. IST on 5th September, 2026.
10. Members are also requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, registering of nomination, power of attorney registration, Bank Mandate details, etc. 
to Registrar/respective DPs as may be applicable.
11. Updation of bank mandate for receiving dividends directly in bank account through Electronic Clearing System or any 
other electronic means in a timely manner:
a. Shares held in electronic form: Members may please note that their bank details as furnished by the respective 
Depositories to the Company will be considered for remittance of dividend as per the applicable regulations of 
the Depositories and the Company will not entertain any direct request from such Members for change/addition/ 
deletion in such bank details. Accordingly, the Members holding shares in demat form are requested to update their 
Electronic Bank Mandate with their respective Depository Participants (DP).
12. Members seeking any information with regard to the financial statements or any matter to be placed at the AGM, are 
requested to write to the Company on or before 6th September, 2026 through e-mail on companysecretary@mmpil.com 
The same will be replied by the Company suitably.
13. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any 
change in address or demise of any Member as soon as possible. Members are also advised not to leave their demat 
account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned DPs and holdings 
should be verified from time to time.
  THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:
 i. The voting period begins on Wednesday, 9 th September, 2026 at 9.00 a,m, and ends on Friday, 11 th September, 
2026 at 5.00 p.m. During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date- 5 th September, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting 
module shall be disabled by Bigshare for voting thereafter.
 ii. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue.
 iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020,  under Regulation 44 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ 
resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders /retail 
shareholders is at a negligible level.
 Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in 
India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the 
shareholders.
 In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to 
enable e-voting to  all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat 
accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their 
vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also 
enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
 iv. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020  on e-V oting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-V oting facility.
[page 11]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
6
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-V oting and joining virtual meetings for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user 
id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-V oting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasi/home/login or visit www.cdslindia.com and click on Login icon and select New 
System Myeasi.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-V oting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-V oting page of 
BIGSHARE the e-V oting service provider and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website 
for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-V oting Service Providers i.e. BIGSHARE, so that the user can visit the e-V oting service 
providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.
cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-V oting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a link www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-V oting option 
where the evoting is in progress, and also able to directly access the system of all e-V oting 
Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of 
NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click 
on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A 
new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-V oting services. Click on “Access to e-V oting” 
under e-V oting services and you will be able to see e-V oting page. Click on company name 
or e-V oting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website 
for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click at https://eservices.
nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-V oting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-V oting page. Click on company 
name or e-V oting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected to i-Vote 
website for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting
[page 12]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
7
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants
   You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-V oting facility. After Successful login, you 
will be able to see e-V oting option. Once you click on e-V oting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-V oting feature. Click on company name or e-V oting service provider name and you will 
be redirected to e-V oting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
 
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.comor contact at 022- 23058738 and 
22-23058542-43.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.
co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 
44 30
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholder other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat mode & 
physical mode is given below:
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
 Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ section to Login on E-V oting Platform.
 Please enter you ‘USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘PASSWORD’ which is shared separately 
on you register email id.
o Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary ID as user id.
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID as user id.
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form should enter Event No + Folio Number registered with the 
Company as user id.
 Note If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email id or contact i-vote 
helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk section).
 Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.
 NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e-V oting system of https://
ivote.bigshareonline.com and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user  
id and password to login.
 If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
 Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click on 
‘Reset’.
 (In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
[page 13]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
8
Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal:
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
 Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
 Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option.
 Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right hand side top corner of the page.
 Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “IN FA VOUR”, “NOT IN FA VOUR” or “ABSTAIN” and 
click on “SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm, else “CANCEL” to 
modify. Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also you will receive an 
email on your registered email id. During the voting period, members can login any number of times till they have 
voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently.
 Shareholder can CHANGE PASSWORD or VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE under PROFILE option on investor 
portal.
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website:
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
 Click on REGISTER under CUSTODIAN LOGIN, to register yourself on Bigshare i-V ote e-V oting Platform.
 Enter all required details and submit.
 After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be sent via email on 
your registered email id.
 NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-V oting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com and/or voted on an 
earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and password to login.
 If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘CUSTODIAN LOGIN’ tab and further Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
 Enter User ID and Registered email ID  Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA)  option and click on 
‘RESET.
 (In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal:
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
Investor Mapping:
 First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “DOCUMENTS” option on custodian portal.
o Click on “DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of attorney (POA).
o Click on upload document “CHOOSE FILE” and upload power of attorney (POA) or board resolution for 
respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”.
 Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be named as the “InvestorID.pdf” (Mention 
Demat account number as Investor ID.)
o Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display.
 Investor vote File Upload:
• To cast your vote select VOTE FILE UPLOAD option from left hand side menu on custodian portal.
• Select the Event under dropdown option.
 Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upload the same file under upload document 
option by clicking on “UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be displayed on the screen and also you can check 
the file status on display (Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently).
 Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on 
custodian portal.
[page 14]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
9
 Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting:
Login type Helpdesk details
Shareholder‘s other than individual shareholders hold-
ing shares in Demat mode & Physical mode.
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries 
regarding E-voting, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-V ote e-V oting mod-
ule available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, un-
der download section or you can email us to ivote@
bigshareonline.com or call us at: 1800 22 54 22.
4. Procedure for joining the AGM/EGM through VC/ OA VM:
 For shareholder other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat mode & physical mode is given 
below:
 The Members may attend the AGM through VC/ OA VM at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com under Investor login 
by using the e-voting credentials (i.e., User ID and Password).
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
 Click on ‘‘VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
 Select event for which you are desire to attend the AGM/EGM under the dropdown option.
 For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on VC/OA VM link placed beside of ‘‘VIDEO CONFERENCE 
LINK” option.
 Members attending the AGM/EGM through VC/ OA VM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum 
under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the AGM/EGM are as under:-
 The Members can join the AGM/EGM in the VC/ OA VM mode 15 minutes before the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the meeting. The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM/EGM is same as the instructions 
mentioned above for remote e-voting.
 Only those members/shareholders, who will be present in the AGM/EGM through VC/OA VM facility and have 
not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-V oting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall 
be eligible to vote through e-V oting system in the AGM/EGM.
 Members who have voted through Remote e-V oting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM.
Helpdesk for queries regarding virtual meeting:
 In case shareholders/ investor have any queries regarding virtual meeting, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download section or you can email us to  
ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 1800 22 54 22.
[page 15]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
10
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item No. 04
Ratification of Remuneration of Cost Auditors of the Company
On recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 10th August, 2026, 
approved and appointed, M/s Deepak Khanuja & Associates, Cost Accountants, Nagpur, [Firm Registration No. 100247] as 
the Cost Auditors of the Company for the FY 2026-27 ending 31st March 2027 to audit the cost records of the Company at a 
remuneration of Rs. 80,000/- (Rupees Eighty Thousand) Only, plus applicable tax (GST) and reimbursement of actual out of 
pocket expenses, if any.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 (as amended), the remuneration as recommended by the Board of Directors, is subject to ratification by the Shareholders 
(Members) of the Company. None of the Director/s, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their relatives are, 
in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company recommends the Ordinary Resolution for ratification of the Shareholders 
(Members) in the interest of the Company.
Item No. 5
Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Arun Bhandari as Managing Director above age of 70 years for his term upto 31st 
January, 2028
Mr. Arun Bhandari (DIN: 00008901) is the Managing Director of the Company and has been associated with the Company 
for several years. He has played a significant role in the growth, development and overall management of the Company and 
possesses extensive experience and knowledge of the aluminium industry, the Company’s business operations and the markets 
in which the Company operates.
The Members of the Company had approved the appointment of Mr. Arun Bhandari as Managing Director of the Company for 
a term up to 31st January, 2028. During his present tenure, Mr. Arun Bhandari has attained the age of seventy years.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 196(3)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, no company shall continue the employment of 
any person as Managing Director, Whole-time Director or Manager who has attained the age of seventy years, unless such 
appointment or continuation is approved by the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
Considering the extensive experience, expertise and in-depth knowledge of the Company’s business and industry possessed 
by Mr. Arun Bhandari and his continued contribution towards the strategic direction, operations and growth of the Company, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors are of the view that his continued association as 
Managing Director would be in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders.
Accordingly, approval of the Members is sought by way of a Special Resolution for continuation of Mr. Arun Bhandari 
as Managing Director of the Company beyond the age of seventy years for the remainder of his existing tenure up to 31st 
January, 2028, on the existing terms and conditions of his appointment as previously approved by the Members.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Except Mr. Arun Bhandari being the appointee and Ms. Rohini Bhandari, Mr. Lalit Bhandari and Mr. Mayank Bhandari, 
none of the other Director/s, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and their relatives, are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution for approval of the Shareholders (Members) in the interest of the 
Company.
Item No. 6
Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari (DIN: 00010934) is presently serving as the Whole-time Director and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and his existing tenure is valid up to 31st March, 2027.
[page 16]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
11
Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari has been associated with the Company for several years and possesses extensive experience 
and in-depth knowledge of the Company’s business, operations and the aluminium industry. He has been actively involved in 
the management and day-to-day operations of the Company and has made significant contributions towards the growth and 
development of the Company.
During his existing tenure, Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari has attained the age of seventy years. Pursuant to Section 196(3)(a) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, continuation of employment of a Whole-time Director beyond the age of seventy years requires 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
Considering his vast experience, expertise, leadership and continued contribution towards the operational and strategic affairs 
of the Company, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors are of the view that his continuation 
as Whole-time Director for the remainder of his existing tenure up to 31st March, 2027 is in the best interests of the Company 
and its stakeholders.
Further, upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors has approved, 
subject to the approval of the Members, the re-appointment of Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari as Whole-time Director and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company for a further period of five (5) years commencing from 1st April, 2027 up to 31st 
March, 2032.
The remuneration payable to Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari shall be as follows:
Particulars Remuneration
Basic Salary ₹1,08250/- per month
House Rent Allowance ₹68125/- per month
Medical & Other Allowances ₹52375/- per month
Special Allowance ₹73833/- per month
Total Monthly Remuneration ₹302583/- per month
Leave Travel Concession ₹30,000/- per annum
Provident Fund, Gratuity & Bonus As per Rules of the Company
Other Allowances, if any As per Rules of the Company
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, shall be authorised to 
revise, vary or modify the aforesaid remuneration and other terms and conditions of appointment from time to time, subject 
to the limits and provisions of Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Minimum Remuneration:
In the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure of Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari as 
Whole-time Director, the remuneration comprising salary, allowances and perquisites as aforesaid shall be paid as minimum 
remuneration, subject to the limits and conditions prescribed under Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 
2013, as amended from time to time.
The Board believes that the continued association of Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari would provide continuity in leadership 
and management and would be beneficial to the Company in pursuing its business plans, growth strategies and ongoing and 
proposed expansion initiatives.
Accordingly, approval of the Members is sought by way of a Special Resolution for continuation of Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj 
Bhandari as Whole-time Director and Key Managerial Personnel beyond the age of seventy years for the remainder of his 
existing tenure up to 31st March, 2027 and his re-appointment for a further period of five (5) years commencing from 1st 
April, 2027 up to 31st March, 2032, on the terms and remuneration set out hereinabove.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Except Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari, being the appointee, and Ms. Rohini Bhandari, Mr. Arun Bhandari and Mr. Mayank 
Bhandari, being his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
[page 17]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
12
Item No. 7
Pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the appointment 
of Secretarial Auditor is required to be approved by the Members of the Company.
The Board of Directors had appointed M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive financial years commencing from FY 2025-26 up to FY 2029-30. The 
approval of the Members in respect of the said appointment remained to be obtained and is accordingly being placed before 
the Members for ratification and approval.
M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associates possess the requisite experience and expertise and are eligible for appointment as Secretarial 
Auditors under the applicable provisions.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives are concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
Item No. 8
Appointment of Mr. Raj Sethia as Independent Director
On the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, has considered 
and approved, the appointment of Mr. Raj Sethia (DIN - 03203265), as an Additional Director (Category - Non-executive, 
Independent) of the Company to hold the office till the conclusion of ensuing Annual General Meeting of the company.
In terms of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Raj Sethia holds 
office as an Additional Director only up to the date of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The Company has received 
a notice from a member under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing the candidature of Mr. Raj Sethia for the 
office of Director (Category - Non-executive, Independent) of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of 5 
years i.e. from 10th August 2026 to 9th August, 2031.
The Company has received declaration from Mr. Raj Sethia to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided 
in Section 149(6) of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). In terms 
of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, he has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation 
which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties. In the opinion 
of the Board, Raj Sethia fulfills the conditions specified in the Act, Rules and SEBI Listing Regulations for appointment as 
Independent Director and he is independent of the management of the Company.
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, considers that given his skills, 
integrity, expertise and experience, the association of Raj Sethia would be beneficial to the Company and it is desirable to avail 
his services as an Independent Director.
Mr. Raj Sethia, may be deemed to be interested in the Resolution set out at Item No.8 of the Notice with regard to his 
appointment as a Director (Category - Non-executive, Independent) of the Company.
Except Mr. Raj Sethia, for himself, being the appointee, none of the other Director/s, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, and their relatives, are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution for approval of the Shareholders (Members) in the interest of the 
Company.
Item No. 9
Appointment of Dr. Sanjay Arora as Independent Director
On the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, has considered 
and approved, the appointment of Dr. Sanjay Arora (DIN - 08518801), as an Additional Director (Category - Non-executive, 
Independent) of the Company to hold the office till the conclusion of ensuing Annual General Meeting of the company.
[page 18]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
13
In terms of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Articles of Association of the Company, Dr. Sanjay Arora 
holds office as an Additional Director only up to the date of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The Company has 
received a notice from a member under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing the candidature of Dr. Sanjay 
Arora for the office of Director (Category - Non-executive, Independent) of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for 
a term of 5 years i.e. from 10th August 2026 to 9th August, 2031.
The Company has received declaration from Dr. Sanjay Arora to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as 
provided in Section 149(6) of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, he has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or 
situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties. In the 
opinion of the Board, Dr. Sanjay Arora fulfills the conditions specified in the Act, Rules and SEBI Listing Regulations for 
appointment as Independent Director and he is independent of the management of the Company.
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, considers that given his skills, 
integrity, expertise and experience, the association of Sanjay Arora would be beneficial to the Company and it is desirable to 
avail his services as an Independent Director.
Dr. Sanjay Arora, may be deemed to be interested in the Resolution set out at Item No. 9 of the Notice with regard to his 
appointment as a Director (Category - Non-executive, Independent) of the Company.
Except Dr. Sanjay Arora, for himself, being the appointee, none of the other Director/s, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, and their relatives, are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution for approval of the Shareholders (Members) in the interest of the 
Company.
For MMP Industries Limited
Sd/-
Place: Nagpur   Madhura Singh
Date: 10.08.2026  CS & Compliance Officer
[page 19]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
14
Details of Director/s seeking appointment / re-appointment at the Fifty Third  (53rd) Annual General Meeting of the 
Company
[Pursuant to Regulations 26(4) and 36(6) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General Meeting]
BRIEF PROFILE OF DIRECTORS
Name of Director & DIN Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari, DIN – 01176865
Brief Resume Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari. He holds a Master ‘s degree in Manufacturing 
Engineering from the University of Warwick, England. He has experience of 
about 20 years in Aluminium Powders and Paste business, with specific area 
as Project Management.
Date of Birth / Age 23rd August 1984, 42 years
Date of First Appointment 27th October 2021
Shareholding in the Company 2.23% (565438 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each)
Relationship with other Director, Manager 
and other Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
Son of Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Chairman & Managing Director of 
the Company, brother of Ms. Rohini Bhandari, Non-Executive Director.
Nephew of Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director of the Company.
No. of Board Meeting attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-2026 Three (3)
Name of the other Companies / LLP in which 
Director/Partner
1. Star Circlips & Engineering Limited
2. Toyal MMP India Private Limited
3. Mayank Fasteners Private Limited
4. Star Autoplast Private Limited
5. MMP Electricals Private Limited
6. MMP Cables Private Limited
7. MMP Alutech Private Limited
8. Bajaj Steel Industries Limited
Chairman / Member of the Committee of 
Board of Directors of the Company or of 
Other Listed Company
MMP Industries Limited
Audit Committee - Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Member
Share Transfer Committee – Member
Name of Director & DIN Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari,[DIN - 00008901]
Brief Resume Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, He holds a Bachelor ‘s degree in Technology 
in Chemical Engineering from the Banaras Hindu University, Banaras, India. 
He has experience of about 45 years in the manufacture of pyro technique 
aluminium powder, paste and conductors and also manufacturing of circlips, 
retaining rings and other carbon steel stampings and formed components
Date of Birth / Age 18-09-1955/ 70 Years
Date of First Appointment He has been on Board since 5th February 1981 [Re-appointment as Manag-
ing Director of the Company for a further period of five (5) years effective 
1st February 2018 ]
Shareholding in the Company 27.40 % (6959461 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each)
[page 20]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
15
Name of Director & DIN Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari,[DIN - 00008901]
Relationship with other Director, Manager 
and other Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
Cousin of Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-Time Director of the Company and 
Father of Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari, and Ms. Rohini Bhandari Director of 
the Company.
Except the above, not related to any other Director, Manager, Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company
No. of Board Meeting attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-2026 Six(6)
Name of the other Companies / LLP in which 
Director/Partner
1.Rohini Horticulture Private Limited
2.Toyal MMP India Private Limited
3.Star Circlips & Engineering Limited
4.Mayank Fasteners Private Limited
5.MMP Electricals Private Limited
6.MMP Cables Private Limited
7.MMP Alutech Private Limited
Chairman / Member of the Committee of 
Board of Directors of the Company or of 
Other Listed Company
MMP Industries Limited
Risk Management Committee - Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Chairman
Project Monitoring Committee – Chairman
Share Transfer Committee – Chairman
Name of Director & DIN Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari [DIN – 00010934]
Brief Resume Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari, qualified as a Graduate, has been 
associated with the MMP Group of Companies since Year 1981. He has 
worked at various positions and has experience of about 40 years in 
the Aluminium powder and paste business and specifically, in project 
management.
Date of Birth / Age 24th February 1956 / 70 Years
Date of First Appointment 1st August 2008 [Re-appointment as the Whole-time Director of the 
Company for a further period of five (5) years effective 1st April 2017]
Shareholding in the Company NIL
Relationship with other Director, Manager 
and other Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
Cousin of Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Promoter, Chairman & 
Managing Director of the Company and Uncle of Mr. Mayank Arun 
Bhandari and Rohini Bahndari Directors of the Company
Except the above, not related to any other Director, Manager, Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company
No. of Board Meeting attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-2026 Six (6)[100%]
Name of the other Companies / LLP in which 
Director/Partner Rohini Farms and Agriculture Private Limited
Chairman / Member of the Committee of 
Board of Directors of the Company or of 
Other Listed Company
MMP Industries Limited
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Member
Project Monitoring Committee – Member
Share Transfer Committee – Member
[page 21]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
16
Name of Director & DIN Mr. Raj Sethia [DIN – 03203265]
Brief Resume Raj Sethia brings 30+ years of cross-sector leadership across corporate 
finance, strategy, business development, HR, high-growth operations, and 
P&L management - with the last 3 years focused on deep tech venture 
investing. His career spans FMCG, Telecom, and Digital Infrastructure, and 
now Defence & Aerospace, Space Economy, Critical Communications, and 
other sovereign-critical sectors.
 He is currently Founder & Managing Partner of MountTech Growth Fund 
(Kavachh), a Category II AIF (Venture Capital Fund).
His long tenure as EVP & CXO at V odafone - including a stint as Founder 
CEO of a start-up backed by two global telecom leaders - gives him deep 
operational and governance experience across business stages and scale. 
Earlier in his career, he held Finance & Commercial roles at global FMCG 
leaders PepsiCo and Pernod Ricard.
 He holds a B.Com (Honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata; a CMA 
from ICMA (USA); and an MBA from Wake Forest University School of 
Business, North Carolina, USA.
Date of Birth / Age 20/05/1970 [56 years]
Date of First Appointment 10/08/2026
Shareholding in the Company NIL
Relationship with other Director, Manager 
and other Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
NA
No. of Board Meeting attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-2026 NA
Name of the other Companies / LLP in which 
Director/Partner MOUNTTECH INDIA VENTURES PRIV ATE LIMITED
Chairman / Member of the Committee of 
Board of Directors of the Company or of 
Other Listed Company
MMP Industries Limited 
Chairman Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
Member of Audit Committee
Name of Director & DIN Dr. Sanjay Arora [DIN – 08518801]
Brief Resume Dr. Sanjay Arora is a distinguished marketing strategist, entrepreneur, and 
academic with over 39 years of experience in brand management, marketing 
communications, and business strategy. He holds a Ph.D. in Brand 
Management, Marketing Communication & Consumer Behaviour, an MBA, 
and has completed executive programmes in Brand Management and Digital 
Marketing from IIM Bangalore.
He is the Founder of Shells Advertising Inc., one of Central India’s leading 
advertising agencies, and has been instrumental in expanding its presence 
internationally. A sought-after keynote speaker and 14-time TEDx speaker, 
Dr. Arora is a mentor at IIM Nagpur’s incubation centre and serves on the 
Boards of Studies of reputed academic institutions. He is also a prolific 
author, with a forthcoming book on marketing.
His expertise in marketing, branding, entrepreneurship, and strategic 
management brings significant value to the Board and contributes to the 
Company’s long-term growth and governance.
[page 22]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
17
Name of Director & DIN Dr. Sanjay Arora [DIN – 08518801]
Date of Birth / Age 30/04/1963 / 63 Years
Date of First Appointment 10/08/2026
Shareholding in the Company NIL
Relationship with other Director, Manager 
and other Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company
NA
No. of Board Meeting attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-2026 NA
Name of the other Companies / LLP in which 
Director/Partner Nagpur First Foundation
Chairman / Member of the Committee of 
Board of Directors of the Company or of 
Other Listed Company
MMP Industries Limited
Member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
For MMP Industries Limited
Sd/-
Place: Nagpur  Madhura Singh
Date: 10.08.2026  CS & Compliance Officer
[page 23]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
18
BOARD’S REPORT
To
The Shareholders (Members) of MMP Industries Limited
The Board of Directors of the Company hereby present the Fifty-third (53rd) Annual Report together with the Audited Financial 
Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the year 2025-26.
1. COMPANY SPECIFIC INFORMATION
1.1 FINANCIAL SUMMARY AND HIGHLIGHTS
 The summarized financial results (Consolidated) of the Company are as follows:-
PARTICULARS FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(` in Lakhs)
Revenue from Operations (Gross) 82400.49 69185.99
Other Income 133.17 104.63
Profit / loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional Items and 
Tax Expenses 6626.71 6550.50
Less: Depreciation / Amortization / Impairment 1134.25 970.55
Profit / loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax Expense 5492.46 5580.49
Less: Finance Costs 1333.31 1019.26
Profit / loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 4159.15 4497.49
Add/(less): Exceptional items (973.69) -
Profit / loss before Tax Expense 3185.46 4497.49
Add: Share of Profit and Loss 820.78 613.67
Profit / loss before Tax Expense 4006.25 5111.17
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 905.32 1223.62
Profit / loss for the year (1) 3100.93 3887.55
Total Comprehensive Income / loss (2) (286.29) (56.41)
Total (1+2) 2814.64 3831.13
Balance carried forward 2814.64 3310.29
 During FY 2025-26, the total revenue from operations was at Rs. 82400.49 Lakhs as against Rs. 69185.99 Lakhs during 
FY 2024-25. Revenue from operations during FY 2025-26 increased compared to the FY 2024-25.
 During FY 2025-26 under review, the share of profits from the associate companies was Rs. 820.78 lakhs as compared 
to profit of Rs. 613.67 lakhs in FY 2024-25.
 The summarized financial results (Standalone) of the Company are as follows:-
PARTICULARS FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(` in Lakhs)
Revenue from Operations (Gross) 82168.59 69185.99
Other Income 150.25 154.55
Profit / loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional Items and 
Tax Expenses 7045.18 6550.50
Less: Depreciation / Amortization / Impairment 1100.22 970.01
[page 24]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
19
PARTICULARS FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(` in Lakhs)
Profit / loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax Expense 5944.96 5580.49
Less: Finance Costs 1303.14 1019.26
Profit / loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 4641.82 4561.23
Add/(less): Exceptional items (973.69) -
Profit / loss before Tax Expense 3668.13 4561.23
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 1025.19 1227.10
Profit / loss for the year (1) 2642.94 3334.13
Total Comprehensive Income / loss (2) (118.33) (23.84)
Total (1+2) 2524.60 3310.29
Balance carried forward 2524.60 3310.29
 During FY 2025-26, the total revenue from operations was at Rs. 82168.59 Lakhs as against Rs. 69185.99 Lakhs during 
FY 2024-25. Revenue from operations during FY 2025-26 increased compared to the FY 2024-25.
1.2 AMOUNT, IF ANY, WHICH THE BOARD PROPOSES TO CARRY TO ANY RESERVES - TRANSFER TO 
RESERVES (BALANCE SHEET)
 The sums transferred to reserves and surplus (balance sheet) accounts viz., Capital Reserve (Special Capital Incentives), 
Securities Premium, Retained Earnings, and closing balances thereof as at 31st March 2026 (FY 2025-26) [Previous Year 
FY 2024-25) is as follows:-
Sr. 
No. Particulars
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Amount in Rupees (Lakhs)
1. Capital Reserve
a. Opening Balance 40.32 40.32
b. (Add) Additions during the year -- --
c. (Less) Transferred during the year -- --
Closing Balance 40.32 40.32
2. Securities Premium
a. Opening Balance 6789.49 6789.49
b. Addition during the reporting period -- --
c. Expenses for Issue of Bonus Shares -- --
d. Expenses for Issue -- --
Closing Balance 6789.49 6789.49
3. Retained Earnings
a. Opening Balance 19027.72 16090.54
b. (Add) Net Profit for the year 2642.94 3334.13
c. (Add) Re-measurement of benefit of defined benefit plans (Net) - (15.90)
d. Expenses for Increase in Authorized Share Capital 508.05 381.04
[page 25]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
20
Sr. 
No. Particulars
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Amount in Rupees (Lakhs)
Closing Balance 21162.60 19027.72
4. Equity Instruments through OCI
Opening Balance
Net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments through 
OCI
Closing Balance
(7.57)
5. Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Plans
Opening Balance (10.98) 2.06
(Add) Net Profit for the year 10.81
(Add) Re-measurement of benefit of defined benefit plans (Net) (110.76) (23.84)
Expenses for Increase in Authorized Share Capital
Closing Balance  (121.74) (10.98)
1.3 DIVIDEND
 As per the Dividend policy of the company and considering the profitability and financial position of the company 
and with a view to reward its Members for showing faith in the management, the Board of Directors recommended its 
maiden Final Dividend @ 20% i.e., Rs. 2/- per equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- each, subject to approval of the 
Shareholders at the ensuing 53 rd Annual General Meeting . the said dividend pay-out is in compliance with the 
applicable Secretarial Standard -3 (SS-3) on Dividend issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(ICSI).
1.4 MAJOR EVENTS OCCURRED DURING THE YEAR
 An explosion and fire incident occurred at the Aluminium Powder plant in Umred in April, 2025. The incident took 
place in the post-production area, not in the main production zone. It caused significant damage to the building 
and parts of the post-production machinery. Additionally, Aluminium Powder stock was destroyed in the finished 
goods (FG) godown and partially damaged in the work-in-progress (WIP) section.
 Tragically, the incident resulted in 7 fatalities and 4 injuries. The company promptly announced and disbursed 
monetary compensation to the families of the deceased and the injured.
 Production of Powder division at the Umred facility was halted for nearly 50 days. the total estimated loss resulting 
from the accident amounts to ₹17.29 Crs.
a) STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS
The overall performance of the respective divisions of the Company during the FY 2025-26 are provided hereunder: 
 ALUMINIUM POWDERS
 The Aluminium Powders division delivered resilient performance during FY26, with revenue growing 21% YoY in 
Q4FY26 and 15% for the full year, despite the operational disruption during Q1FY26. Growth was driven by healthy 
domestic demand, improved exports, and higher value product mix along with better realisations.
 ALUMINIUM FOILS
 The Aluminium Foils segment delivered strong performance during FY26, with revenue growing 14% YoY in Q4FY26 
and 39% YoY for the full year, driven by healthy volume growth and better realisations. Margin performance improved 
both YoY and QoQ during the year, supported by higher capacity utilisation, operational efficiencies, and improved 
pricing.
 ALUMINIUM CONDUCTORS & CABLES
 The Aluminium Conductors and Cables division recorded revenue growth of 13% QoQ in Q4FY26 and 3% for the full 
year FY26, supported by sustained demand across the electrical infrastructure sector.
[page 26]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
21
 FUTURE PLANS / PROSPECTS:-
  Aluminium Powders
  Looking ahead to Q1/H1FY27, the major export enquiries have been from West Asia, Europe and the US and 
we expect a 50 % increase in Exports in FY 27 with higher margins than in the domestic markets. Elevated 
aluminium prices and continued inflation across oil derivatives, chemicals, and packaging materials continue to 
impact customer buying sentiment, while export order conversions have moderated amid global macroeconomic 
uncertainty and raw material price volatility.
  The Company expects demand conditions to improve gradually as raw material prices stabilise. Supported 
by a diversified customer base, healthy export presence across multiple geographies, and continued focus on 
operational efficiencies, the Company remains confident of delivering FY27 revenue growth of ~13 to 15% along 
with improvement in EBITDA margins.
  Aluminium Foils
  While elevated foil stock prices linked to higher aluminium prices have created near term pressure on bare foil and 
allied product demand, the Company believes the current demand environment to be temporary. The MMP brand 
continues to command strong preference within the pharmaceutical sector, supported by consistent product quality 
and long standing customer relationships.
  Value added printed foil capacity utilisation increased significantly during the year, driven by strong customer 
acceptance across both existing and new clients. Despite continued competitive intensity and surplus industry 
capacities, the Company expects meaningful improvement in EBITDA margins both YoY and QoQ, supported by 
better product mix and operating leverage.
  Development of Security Printing and Lidding Foil products in collaboration with leading pharmaceutical 
customers is progressing well. Both product launches are expected by early Q3FY27 with minimal incremental 
capital expenditure and are expected to contribute meaningfully towards value addition and margin improvement.
  Supported by strong positioning within the pharmaceutical packaging segment and improving operational 
efficiencies, the Company expects the Aluminium Foils business to deliver 15% YoY growth in FY27.
  Aluminium Conductors and Cables
  Execution across government linked electrical infrastructure projects continued during the year; however, 
prolonged payment cycles and elevated metal prices continued to impact buying sentiment and project execution. 
Demand for Aerial Bunched Cables (ABC) remained affected due to slower execution of government projects, 
while bare conductor offtake was impacted by elevated aluminium prices.
  The Company has received BIS approval for AL59 bare conductors, a category currently witnessing strong industry 
demand, and expects meaningful traction in this segment beginning H1FY27.
  As previously communicated, the strategic pilot initiative for LT cables at the Bhandara facility remains on track, 
with product launch happened in July 2026.
b) CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
 During the year, the Company incorporated two wholly owned subsidiaries, namely MMP Cables Private Limited 
and MMP Alutech Private Limited, to strengthen business integration. However, there was no change in the nature 
of business of the Company.
d) MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION 
OF THE COMPANY HA VING OCCURRED SINCE THE END OF THE YEAR AND TILL THE DATE 
OF THE REPORT
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, an explosion and fire incident occurred at the Aluminium Powder plant in 
Umred in April, 2025.
 The temporary operational disruption at the Umred manufacturing facility during Q1FY26 impacted the Aluminium 
Powder and Foil segments, resulting in an estimated Revenue loss of ₹45 to ₹50 Cr and exerting pressure on gross 
margins and EBITDA during the period. The net EBITDA impact from the incident is estimated at ₹7 to ₹8 Cr.
 Excluding the impact of the incident, the net positive contribution to PAT would have been ₹11 to ₹12 Cr. Operations 
normalised during the subsequent quarters, and accordingly, FY26 profitability would have been materially higher 
excluding the impact of the incident.
[page 27]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
22
1.5 DETAILS OF REVISION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT OR THE REPORT
 There is no occasion whereby the Company has either revised or required to revise the Financial Statement or the 
Board’s Report of the Company for any period prior to the FY 2025-26. As such, no specific details are required to be 
given or provided.
2. GENERAL INFORMATION
 OVERVIEW OF THE INDUSTRY
 The details discussion on the overview of the industry is covered under Management Discussion and Analysis which 
forms part of this report.
 ECONOMIC OUTLOOK
 The details discussion on the Global Economic outlook is covered under Management Discussion and Analysis which 
forms part of this report
3. CAPITAL AND DEBT STRUCTURE
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, there was no change in the capital structure of the Company. The existing capital 
Structure of the Company is as follows:
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Amount (` in Lakhs)
Authorised Share Capital
26000000 (26000000) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each 2600.00 2600.00
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital
25402613 (25402613) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each 2540.26 2540.26
 Further, the Company has neither issued any convertible or non-convertible securities, debentures, bonds, warrants, 
shares with differential voting rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise, nor issued or granted ESOP, stock option, sweat 
equity during the FY 2025-26.
4. CREDIT RATING OF SECURITIES
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, the Company has neither issued nor required to obtain credit rating of its securi -
ties. As such, no specific details are required to be given or provided.
 CREDIT RATING FOR DEBT
 CRISIL in their review for total credit facilities, has maintained the credit rating of the Company that of the previous 
year. The details of credit rating assigned to the Company for its credit facilities are given below: -
Credit Facilities Credit Rating
Long-Term Rating CRISIL BBB+/Stable
Short-Term Rating CRISIL A2
5. INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, there were no amounts which is required to be transferred to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company. As such, no specific details are required to be given or provided.
6. MANAGEMENT
6.1  DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)
 The changes amongst the Directors including Executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel during the period are 
as follows: -
(A) CHANGES AMONGST THE PROMOTER DIRECTORS
 Ms. Rohini Bhandari was appointed as Additional Director- Non Executive on 8 th August, 2025. Apart from 
this, there were no other changes that took place amongst the Promoter, Directors of the Company during the  
FY 2025-26.
[page 28]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
23
(B) CHANGES AMONGST THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 No changes took place amongst the Non-Promoter, Executive Directors of the Company during the FY 2025-26.
(C) CHANGES AMONGST KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)
 There are no changes in Key Managerial Personnel during FY 2025-26.
 As such, Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, [DIN – 00008901], Managing Director, [Category – Promoter & 
Executive], Mr. Lalit Bhandari, [DIN – 00010934], Whole-time Director, [Category – Promoter & Executive], Mr. 
Tenneti Narasimham Murthy, [DIN – 08342116], Whole-time Director, [Category – Non-Promoter & Executive], 
Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari, [01176865] Non-Executive Director (Category – Promoter, Non-Executive), CA 
Sharad Mohanlal Khandelwal, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and Ms. Madhura Singh, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer continued to act as the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company, 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (as amended).
(D) DIRECTOR RETIREMENT BY ROTATION
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (as amended), Mr. Mayank Bhandari, [DIN - 01176865], Non 
Executive Director, Category -Promoter, of the Company, retires by rotation and being eligible, offers himself for  
re-appointment. The Board recommends his re-appointment as a Director [Category – Non-Executive] of the 
Company, in the interest of the Company.
 The Company has received the self-declarations from all the Executive Directors of the Company, to the effect 
that he (i) was or is not disqualified from being appointed and/or continued to act, as a Director of the Company in 
terms of the provisions of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013; and (ii) was or is not debarred from holding the 
office of a Director pursuant to any order of the SEBI or such other authority in terms of SEBI’s Circular No. LIST/
COMP/14/2018-19 dated 20th June 2018 on the subject “Enforcement of SEBI Orders regarding appointment of 
Directors by listed companies”
 The information (details) of Directors of seeking appointment / re-appointment at the Fifty Third (53 rd) Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to Regulation 26(4) and 36(6) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial 
Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) is annexed to the Notice convening the Fifty Third (53 rd ) Annual General 
Meeting of the Company.
6.2 INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 CHANGES AMONGST THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar [DIN – 06890618] was appointed as Non-Executive, Independent Director and Mr. Karan Yud -
hishtir Varma, [DIN – 06923525] resigned on 8th August, 2025.
 Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna [DIN – 02599024] and Mr. Sunil Khanna, [DIN - 00907147] have been appointed as a Director 
[Category - Non-executive, Independent] for a Second fixed term of consecutive Five (5) years i.e., from the conclusion 
of Forty-Eighth (48th) Annual General Meeting up to the conclusion of Fifty-Third (53rd) Annual General Meeting of 
the Company to be held for the financial year 2025-26 ending 31st March 2026, Both of them Resigned from director -
ship wef. 10th August, 2026. Mr. Raj Sethia [DIN – 03203265] and Dr. Sanjay Arora [DIN – 08518801] were appointed 
on 10th August, 2026.
 Mr. Sanjay Sacheti [DIN: 00271310], Ms. Ulka Kulkarni, [DIN - 07085469], continued as the Directors  [Category - 
Non-executive, Independent] of the Company during the year under review.
6.3 DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND STATEMENT ON COMPLIANCE OF CODE OF 
CONDUCT
 The Company has received the self-declarations from all the Independent Directors of the Company, to the effect that 
he / she (i) meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) [“Listing Regulations”] and 
also, duly complied with Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV to the Act; (ii) was or is not disqualified from being 
appointed and/or continued to act, as a Director of the Company in terms of the provisions of Section 164 of the Compa-
nies Act, 2013; and (ii) was or is not debarred from holding the office of a Director pursuant to any order of the SEBI 
or such other authority in terms of SEBI’s Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated 20 th June 2018 on the subject 
“Enforcement of SEBI Orders regarding appointment of Directors by listed companies”.
[page 29]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
24
 The Company has received the self-declarations from all the Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Com -
pany, as to the due compliance of Company’s Code of Conduct. As such, the Company do hereby confirm that the Com-
pany has duly complied with the Company’s Code of Conduct namely (i) MMP Code for Prohibition of Insider Trading 
and MMP Code of Fair Disclosure, and (ii) MMP Code of Business Principles and Conduct.
6.4 BOARD MEETINGS
 Six (6) meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company were held during the FY 2025-26 under review, on (1) 27 th 
April, 2025 (2) 23rd May, 2025 (3) 8th August, 2025 (4) 7th November, 2025 (5) 13th February 2026 and (6) 27 th March 
2026.
6.5 COMMITTEES
 The Company has constituted all the requisite Committee(s) of the Board, namely Audit Committee, Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee, 
Share Transfer Committee, Risk Management Committee and Project Monitoring Committee, pursuant to the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made there under and Listing Regulations. The details of its constitution, 
objective or terms of reference and other related information has been provided under the Corporate Governance Report, 
which forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
6.6 RECOMMENDATIONS OF AUDIT COMMITTEE
 There is no occasion wherein the Board of Directors of the Company has not accepted any recommendations of the Au-
dit Committee of the Company during the FY 2025-26. As such, no specific details are required to be given or provided.
6.7 COMPANY’S POLICY ON DIRECTOR’S APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION
 The Company’s policy on Director’s appointment and remuneration and such other related information has been provid-
ed under the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
6.8 BOARD EV ALUATION
 The Company’s policy on Board Evaluation and such other related information has been provided under the Corporate 
Governance Report, which forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
6.9 REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES OF LISTED COMPANIES
 The information required under Section 197 of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remu-
neration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (as amended) will be available at Corporate office of the company on the 
day of Annual General Meeting.
6.10 REMUNERATION RECEIVED BY MANAGING / WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR FROM HOLDING OR SUB-
SIDIARY COMPANY
The Company has following Subsidiary Companies:
1. MMP Electricals Private Limited incorporated on 24th September, 2024
2. MMP Cables Private Limited incorporated on 6th June, 2025
3. MMP Alutech Private Limited incorporated on 16th June, 2025
6.11 DIRECTORS’ RESPONSBILITY STATEMENT
 The Board of Directors confirms: -
(i) That in the preparation of the Annual Accounts (Financial Statements), the applicable Accounting Standards had 
been followed along with proper explanation, relating to material departures;
(ii)  That the Directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at 
the end of the financial year and of the profits of the Company for that financial year;
(iii)  That the Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities;
(iv) That the Directors had prepared the Annual Accounts (Financial Statements) on going concern basis;
[page 30]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
25
(v)  That the Directors had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
financial controls were adequate and operating effectively; and
(vi)  That the Directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and 
regulations and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
6.12 INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
 M/s Manish N. Jain & Company, Chartered Accountants, Nagpur, the Statutory Auditors of the Company, has reviewed 
and accordingly, issued their Report on the Internal Financial Controls over the Financial Reporting, in terms of Clause 
(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act, which is annexed as an ‘Annex – B’ to the Independent Auditors’ Report 
of the Company. The Report on the Internal Financial Controls over the Financial Reporting for the FY 2025-26 do not 
contain any qualification or adverse remarks. The observations made by the Statutory Auditors in their report are self-
explanatory and have also been further amplified in the notes to the financial statements and as such, do not call for any 
explanations.
 INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
 The Company has in place adequate internal control systems and procedures commensurate with the size and nature of 
business. These procedures are designed to ensure:-
(a)  that all assets and resources are used efficiently and are adequately protected;
(b)  that all the internal policies and statutory guidelines are complied with; and
(c)  the accuracy and timeliness of financial reporting and management information is maintained.
6.13 FRAUDS REPORTED BY AUDITOR
 During the FY 2025-26 under review:-
(a)  no fraud occurred, noticed and/or reported by the Statutory Auditors under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (as amended);
(b) the observations made by the Statutory Auditors on the financial statements including the affairs of the Company 
are self-explanatory and do not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remarks or disclaimer thereof.
 As such, no specific information, details or explanations required to be given or provided by the Board of Directors 
of the Company.
7. DISCLOSURES RELATING TO SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
7.1  REPORT ON PERFORMANCE AND FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND 
JOINT VENTURES
MMP Electricals Private Limited [MEPL] – WOS
  Phase II capacity at MEPL is now fully operational, with only minor balancing equipment expected to be added 
over the near term at limited capital expenditure.
  A key milestone during the year was the successful in house development of the FRP rod manufacturing line, 
a critical component used in polymer insulators. This has reduced dependence on external sourcing while 
strengthening quality control, product reliability, and overall manufacturing integration.
  On the export front, commercial supplies to Nepal have commenced, while discussions with prospective customers 
in the United States are progressing positively.
  With vendor registrations and product validations expected to conclude over the coming months, the Company 
remains well positioned to capitalise on emerging opportunities across the transmission infrastructure segment. 
MEPL is expected to witness meaningful sales ramp up from Q3FY27 onwards, with healthy margin potential 
supporting overall profitability.
MMP Cables Private Limited [MCPL] – WOS
•  Construction of the 18,000 MTPA aluminium wire rod facility is progressing as planned, with all major machinery, 
electricals, and utilities already ordered. Civil works are currently underway, while initial machinery installation is 
expected to commence from July 2027. Hiring activities have also commenced, with plant trials anticipated during 
H2FY27.
[page 31]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
26
•  The facility is expected to strengthen backward integration across the Company’s Conductors, ABC, and LT Cable 
businesses by improving supply chain integration, reducing dependence on external suppliers, and supporting 
margin improvement across downstream products. In addition to internal consumption, the project is also expected 
to generate standalone revenue opportunities.
   MMP ALUTECH PRIV ATE LIMITED [MAPL] – WOS– The company is not functional yet.
 STAR CIRCLIPS AND ENGINEERING LIMITED (‘SCEL’)
 Q4FY26 Revenue of ₹ 518 Mn (Q4FY25: ₹ 413 Mn) and full-year Revenue of ₹ 1,930 Mn (FY25: ₹ 1,662 Mn)
 PAT stood at ₹ 76 Mn in Q4 FY26 (Q4FY25: ₹ 67 Mn) and ₹ 285 Mn for FY26 (FY25: ₹ 218 Mn)
 TOYAL MMP INDIA PRIV ATE LIMITED (TMI)
 Q4FY26 Revenue of ₹ 218 Mn (Q4FY25: ₹ 148 Mn) and full-year revenue of ₹ 743 Mn (FY25: ₹ 609 Mn)
 PAT was ₹ 5 Mn in Q4FY26 (Q4FY25: ₹ -15 Mn) and ₹ 30 Mn for FY26 (FY25: ₹ 18 Mn)
7.2  COMPANIES WHICH HA VE BECOME OR CEASED TO BE SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT 
VENTURES
During the FY 2025-26 under review, the Company is Holding Company to following companies:
1.  MMP Electricals Private Limited – from 24th September, 2024 [CIN - U23934MH2024PTC432604]
2.  MMP Cables Private Limited - from 6th June, 2025 [CIN - U27310MH2025PTC450153]
3. MMP Alutech Private Limited – from 16th June, 2025 [CIN - U27320MH2025PTC450616 ]
 Also, Star Circlips & Engineering Limited [CIN – U 24110 MH 1974 PLC 017301] and TOYAL MMP India Private 
Limited [CIN – U 36990 MH 2016 FTC 281521] were continued to be the Associate Companies of the Company during 
the FY 2025-26.
8. DETAILS OF DEPOSITS
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, the Company has neither invited nor accepted any public deposits within the 
meaning of Section 73 and 74 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 
2014 (as amended). As such, no specific details prescribed in Rule 8(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (as 
amended) are required to be given or provided.
9. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, the Company has secured guarantees in connection with the loans availed by  and 
MMP Electricals Private Limited and MMP Cables Private Limited. However, not made any investments pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 185 and 186 the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014 (as amended). As such, no specific details are required to be given or provided as the guarantee was 
within limits prescribed under Section 185 and 186 the Companies Act, 2013.
10. PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
 The details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis and/or the details of contracts or ar -
rangements or transactions at arm’s length basis for the FY 2025-26 in the prescribed Form No. AOC - 2 pursuant to 
Clause (h) of Sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Ac -
counts) Rules, 2014 (as amended) are given in the Annex - B, which forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
11. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
 The Company believes in the Corporate Social Responsibility as an integral part of its business. Education specifically 
Education for Girls, Women, Poor, Under-privileged or Disabled (Divyang), Special Education, Research, Training & 
Skill Development, Environment, Health, Drinking Water, Rural Development, are some of the most critical problems 
that our country has been facing for years. One of the most effective direct and indirect solutions to solve these is an 
education, but a great number of people cannot afford to get themselves educated.
 Keeping this in mind, the Board of Directors through its CSR Committee has implemented certain CSR projects either 
directly or through implementing agency nominated by the CSR Committee of the Company. All the activities and 
programmes covered under CSR are being monitored and implemented by the CSR Committee of the Company. The 
[page 32]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
27
Company does confirm that the Company is in due compliance of the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014. The CSR Projects of the Company 
are in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of, Schedule VII to, the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Com-
panies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and the Company’s CSR Policy. The Annual Report on the 
CSR Activities for the FY 2025-26 is given in the Annex - C, which forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
12. CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 The particulars relating to energy conservation, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo, for the 
FY 2025-26 as required to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are given in the Annex - D to this report.
13. RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Company has a Risk Management framework in place to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate various risks to its 
business. It has framed the Risk Management Plan and adopted in its Risk Management Policy.
 The Board of Directors based on the recommendations of the Risk Management Committee of the Company, period -
ically reviews the Company’s risk assessment and minimization procedures to ensure that management identifies and 
controls risks through a properly defined framework. The details of the Risk Management Committee and its terms of 
reference are set out in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Report.
14. DETAILS OF ESTABLISHMENT OF VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
 The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy to report genuine concerns or grievances and to provide adequate safeguards 
against victimization of persons who is using this platform and direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee 
is also available in exceptional cases. The detailed objectives of the policy are given in Corporate Governance Report 
which forms part of this report. This Whistle Blower Policy is applicable to all the Directors, employees, vendors and 
customers of the Company and it is also posted on the Website of the Company.
15. MATERIAL ORDERS OF JUDICIAL BODIES OR REGULATORS
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, no significant and material order is passed by any of the Regulators or Courts 
or Tribunals impacting the going concern status and Company’s operations in future. As such, no specific details are 
required to be given or provided.
16. AUDITORS
(A) STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THEIR REPORT
 The Shareholders (Members) of the Company, at their Forty-ninth (49th) Annual General Meeting of the Compa-
ny held on 29 th August 2022, were appointed M/s Manish N. Jain & Co., Chartered Accountants, Nagpur [ICAI 
Firm Registration No. 138430W, Peer Review Certificate No. 010231], as the Statutory Auditors of the Company 
to hold office from the conclusion of 49th Annual General Meeting held for the financial year 2021-22 ended 31st 
March 2022 till the conclusion of 54 th Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held for the financial year 
2026-2027 ending 31st March 2027.
 The Auditors’ Report submitted by M/s Manish N. Jain & Co., Chartered Accountants, Nagpur, [ICAI Firm Reg-
istration No. 138430W, Peer Review Certificate No. 010231], the Statutory Auditors of the Company to the Share-
holders (Members) for the FY 2025-26 do not contain any qualification. The observations made by the Statutory 
Auditors in their report are self-explanatory and have also been further amplified in the Notes to the financial 
statements and as such, do not call for any explanations.
(B) SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
 M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 & Certificate of Prac-
tice No. 18495], have furnished a Certificate of their consent, qualification and eligibility and also, have confirmed 
about their not being disqualified for the appointment including re-appointment as the Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company for the term of five years starting from FY 2025-26.
 Accordingly, the Board of Directors, on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, of the Company, has 
approved and appointed, M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-
8821 & Certificate of Practice No. 18495], as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for the FY 2025-26 to 2029-
30. Pursuant to Regulation 24A(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. However, Shareholders’ approval will 
be sought at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, which will be obtained in ensuing Annual General Meeting.
[page 33]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
28
(C) COST AUDITORS
 M/s Deepak Khanuja & Associates, Cost Accountants, Nagpur, [Firm Registration No. 100247] have furnished 
a Certificate of their eligibility for appointment pursuant to Section 141(3)(g) and 148(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the rules made there under, Certificate for independence and arms’ length relationship with the 
Company and have confirmed about their not being disqualified for such appointment including re-appointment 
within the meaning of Section 141(3) of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act 2013, the Board of Directors, on the recommenda-
tions of the Audit Committee, of the Company, has approved and appointed, Deepak Khanuja & Associates, Cost 
Accountants, Nagpur, [Firm Registration No. 100247], as the Cost Auditors of the Company, for the FY 2026-27 
and has also recommended their remuneration to the Shareholders (Members) for their ratification at the ensuing 
53rd Annual General Meeting of the Company.
(D) INTERNAL AUDITORS
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014 (as amended), the Board of Directors, on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, of the Company, has 
approved and appointed M/s Nitin Alshi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Nagpur, as the Internal Auditors of 
the Company, for the FY 2025-26.
 The Internal Audit Findings and Reports submitted by the said Internal Auditors, from time to time, during the FY 
2025-26, to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, do not contain any adverse remarks and 
qualifications, is self-explanatory and do not call for any further explanations by the Company.
 Further, the Company has appointed M/s Nitin Alshi & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Nagpur as the Internal 
Auditors of the Company of FY 2026-27.
17. SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
 The Secretarial Audit Report in Form No. MR-3 submitted by M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company Secretaries, Nagpur 
[ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 & Certificate of Practice No. 18495], the Secretarial Auditors of the Company, do not 
contain any adverse remarks and qualifications, is self-explanatory and do not call for any further explanations by the 
Company. The Secretarial Audit Report in Form No. MR-3 submitted by the said Secretarial Auditors of the Company, 
for the FY 2025-26, is attached herewith as an Annex - E and forms part and parcel of the Board’s Report.
18. EXPLANATIONS IN RESPONSE TO AUDITORS’ QUALIFICATIONS
 The Audit Reports submitted by the Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditors, Cost Auditors and Internal Auditors of the 
Company, for the FY 2025-26 do not contain any qualification or adverse remarks. The observations made by all the 
Auditors in their respective Reports are self-explanatory and as such, do not call for any explanations.
19. COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 The Board of Directors confirms that the Company, has duly complied and is in compliance, with the applicable Secre-
tarial Standards, namely Secretarial Standard – 1 (‘SS-1’) on Meetings of the Board of Directors and Secretarial Stan -
dard - 2 (‘SS-2’) on General Meetings, during the FY 2025-26.
20. CORPORATE INSOLVENCY RESOLUTION PROCESS INITIATED UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND 
BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016 (IBC)
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, no such event occurred by which Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process can be 
initiated under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC). As such, no specific details are required to be given or 
provided.
21. FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT ANY CORPORATE ACTION
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, there is no occasion wherein the Company failed to implement any Corporate 
Action. As such, no specific details are required to be given or provided.
22. ANNUAL RETURN
 The Annual Return of the Company as on 31st March, 2026 in Form MGT - 7 in accordance with Section 92(3) of the 
Act read with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, is available on the website of the Compa-
ny at www.mmpil.com.
[page 34]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
29
23. OTHER DISCLOSURES
(A) AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – STANDALONE & CONSOLIDATED
 For the FY 2025-26 under review, the Company has prepared the audited financial statements on standalone as 
well as consolidated basis after incorporating the share of profit or loss from its associate and joint-venture com -
panies namely Star Circlips & Engineering Limited and TOYAL MMP India Private Limited and wholly owned 
subsidiary MMP Electricals Private Limited, MMP Cables Private Limited and MMP Alutech Private Limited.
(B) MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT IN HUMAN RESOURCES
 During the FY 2025-26 under review, industrial relations remained cordial. Employees’ competencies and skills 
were enhanced by exposing them to several internal and external training programmes. A number of measures 
were taken to improve motivation level of employees. Additional efforts are continued to be implemented with a 
view to obtain commitment and loyalty towards the organisation.
(C) INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS, HEALTH AND SAFETY
 The  departmental safety coordinators are identified for monitoring and training on safety related matter at shop-
floor. Safety Committee and Apex Committee are available for periodical review on health, safety & environment 
of all departments. Regular training on safety is being organised for new appointee, regular employees & contract 
labour. Mock-drills are conducted for practical exposure to meet emergency need on regular basis. Hand book on 
safety awareness are distributed to all employees.
(D) COST RECORDS
 Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 8(5)(ix)(d) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Board 
of Directors do confirm that, the Central Government has prescribed for maintenance of cost records under Section 
148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 by the Company and accordingly, such cost accounts and records, subject to 
cost audit, have been made and maintained by the Company during the FY 2025-26.
24. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES UNDER LISTING REGULATIONS
24.1 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT (MDAR)
 The Management Discussion and Analysis Report (MDAR) on the affairs of the Company for the FY 2025-26, as re -
quired under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) is provided 
in a separate section and forms an integral part of this Report.
24.2 CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 Your Directors are pleased to report that your Company has duly complied with the SEBI Guidelines on Corporate Gov-
ernance for the year 2025-26 relating to the Listing Regulations. A Certificate from M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Compa-
ny Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 & Certificate of Practice No. 18495] confirming compliance 
with conditions as stipulated under Listing Regulations is annexed to the Corporate Governance Report of the Company.
24.3 SUSPENSION OF TRADING
 The equity shares of the Company have been listed and actively traded on Main Board of National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited. There was no occasion wherein the equity shares of the Company have been suspended for trading during 
the FY 2025-26.
• OTHER MATTERS
(A) DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES
 As on 31st March 2026, the entire 100% issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital i. e. 25402613 equity shares 
of the Company were held in dematerialised form through depositories namely National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSIL).
(B) PAYMENT OF LISTING AND DEPOSITORIES FEES
 The Company, has duly paid the requisite annual listing fees for the FY 2026-27, to the National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited (NSE).
 The Company, has also duly paid the requisite annual custodian and other fees for the FY 2026-27, to the National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Service (India) Limited (CDSL).
[page 35]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
30
(C)  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR BUSINESS PRINCIPLES & ETHICS AND PREVENTION OF INSIDER 
TRADING AND OTHER CODE AND POLICIES OF THE COMPANY
 Your Board of Directors are pleased to report that your Company has complied with the:-
(i) Code of Conduct of Business Principles and Conduct;
(ii) Code of Prevention of Insider Trading in MMP securities by the designated persons (insider) (as amended 
from time to time);
(iii) Code for Vigil Mechanism - Whistle Blower Policy;
(iv) Code for Independent Directors;
(v)  Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy;
(vi) Risk Management Policy;
(vii) Policy on Document Preservations (Regulation 9 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015);
(viii) Policy for determining of ‘material’ Subsidiary (Regulation 16 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015);
(ix) Policy on materiality of related party transactions and on dealing with related party transactions (Regulation 
23 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015); and
(x) Policy for determination of materiality, based on specified criteria and accordingly, grant authorization for 
determination of materiality of events (Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015).
 The aforesaid codes and policy(ies) are available on the Company’s website www.mmpil.com.
25. DISCLOSURES PERTAINING TO THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT THE WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
 MMP Industries Limited (“the Company”) has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirements 
of the Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013. Internal 
Complaints Committee (ICC) has been set up to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment. All employees 
(permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees etc.) are covered under this Policy.
 The following is a summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed of during the FY 2025-26:-
(a) Number of complaints pending at the beginning of the year NIL
(b) Number of complaints received during the year NIL
(c) Number of complaints disposed off during the year NIL
(d) Number of cases pending at the end of the year NIL
[page 36]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
31
 ENCLOSURES
Annex – A Form No. AOC-1 – Information or Details about the Associate Companies of the Company
Annex – B Form No. AOC-2 – Information / Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length 
basis and/or the details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis
Annex – C Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities together with expenditure details
Annex – D Report on Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
Annex – E Secretarial Audit Report in Form No.MR-3
Annex – F Certificate on compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board of Directors acknowledges with gratitude for the co-operation and assistance received from National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE), Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI), Auditors, Advisors & Consultants, other 
Intermediary service providers and other Investors for their continuous support for the working of the Company.
The Board of Directors also take this opportunity to extend its sincere thanks for co-operation and assistance received by the 
Company from the Central – State – Local Government and other regulatory authorities, Bankers and Members.
The Directors also record their appreciation of the dedication of all the employees at all levels for their support and commit -
ment to ensure that the Company continues to grow.
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
 Sd/-  
Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari 
Managing Director
DIN - 00008901
 Sd/-  
Lalit Bhandari  
Whole-time Director  
DIN - 00010934
[page 37]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
32
ANNEX – A TO BOARD’S REPORT
Form No. AOC-1
(Pursuant to First Proviso to Sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries / associate companies / joint ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in Rupees)
Sr. 
No.
Particulars
1. Name of the subsidiary MMP Electricals 
Private Limited
MMP Alutech 
Private Limited
MMP Cables 
Private Limited
2. Reporting period, if different from the holding 
company’s reporting period
NA NA NA
3. Reporting currency and Exchange rate in the case of 
foreign subsidiaries
NA NA NA
4. Share capital Rs. 500 Lakh Rs. 25 Lakh Rs. 500 Lakh
5. Reserves & surplus Rs. (10.34) Lakh Rs. (3.22) Lakh Rs. (12.22) Lakh
6. Total assets Rs. 1038.75 Lakh Rs. 22.53 Lakh Rs. 1031.47 Lakh
7. Total Liabilities Rs. 949.09 lakh Rs. 0.75 lakh Rs. 510.81 lakh
8. Investments
9. Turnover  - - -
10. Profit before taxation Rs. (13.82) lakh Rs. (4.35) Lakh Rs. (16.37) lakh
11. Provision for taxation Rs. 3.48 lakh Rs. 1.13 Rs. 4.15
12. Profit after taxation Rs. (10.34) lakh Rs. (3.21) Lakh Rs. (12.22) Lakh
13. Proposed Dividend NA NA NA
14. % of shareholding 100% 100% 100%
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
Name of Associates / Joint Ventures
M/s Star Circlips 
and Engineering 
Limited
M/s Toyal MMP 
India Private 
Limited
1. Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date 31-03-2026 31-03-2026
2. Shares of Associate /Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
Number of Equity Shares 998260 7022600
Amount of Investment in Associates / Joint Venture Rs. 9,782,890 Rs.70,226,000
Extend of Holding% 26.06% 26.00%
3. Description of how there is significant influence Shareholding
@26.06%
Shareholding
@26.00%
4. Reason why the associate / joint venture is not consolidated Not Applicable Not Applicable
5. Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet 1828173046 24,84,54,380
6. Profit / (Loss) for the year (PAT) 284967367 30033576
Considered in Consolidation 74269701 7808730
Not Considered in Consolidation Not
Applicable
Not
Applicable
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
 Sd/-  
Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari 
Managing Director
DIN - 00008901
 Sd/-  
Lalit Bhandari  
Whole-time Director  
DIN - 00010934
[page 38]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
33
ANNEX – B TO BOARD’S REPORT
Form No. AOC-2
(Pursuant to Clause (h) of Sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts / arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in 
Sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso 
thereto.
1. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis
 The Company has not entered into any contracts or arrangements or transactions with its related parties which is not at 
arm’s length during the financial year 2025-26:
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts / 
arrangements
/transactions
Duration of 
the contracts / 
arrangements
/transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions including 
the value, if any
Date(s) of 
approval by 
the Board,
if any
Amount paid 
as advances, 
if any for the 
FY 2025-26
(Rs. In Lakh)
M/s. Star Circlips 
and Engineering 
Limited
Purchase of 
Goods
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Purchase of Packing 
Material, Stores & Spares 23.05.2025 1.49
Toyal MMP India 
Private Limited Sale of Goods
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Sale of Goods 23.05.2025 1801.51
M/s. Star Circlips 
and Engineering 
Limited
Job work 
charges
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Job work charges 23.05.2025 277.06
M/s. Mayank 
Fasteners Private 
Limited
Registered 
Office Rent
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Rent for Registered 
Office of the Company 23.05.2025 3.00
Ms. Rohini Arun 
Bhandari Legal Advisor
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Legal Advisory and 
Consultancy Services 23.05.2025 30.00
Mrs. Saroj Arun 
Bhandari Unit Head
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Remuneration by way of 
Salary 23.05.2025 61.98
Mrs. Sakshi 
Mayank Bhandari Manager
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Remuneration by way of 
Salary 23.05.2025 25.83
MMP Electricals 
Private Limited
Reimbursement 
of Expenses
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Reimbursement of 
Expenses 23.05.2025 325
MMP Electricals 
Private Limited Investment
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Investment 23.05.2025 900
MMP Cables 
Private Limited Investment
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Investment 23.05.2025 500
[page 39]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
34
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts / 
arrangements
/transactions
Duration of 
the contracts / 
arrangements
/transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions including 
the value, if any
Date(s) of 
approval by 
the Board,
if any
Amount paid 
as advances, 
if any for the 
FY 2025-26
(Rs. In Lakh)
MMP Alutech 
Private Limited Investment
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Investment 23.05.2025 25
MMP Electricals 
Private Limited Advance
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Advance 23.05.2025 125
MMP Cables 
Private Limited Advance
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Advance 23.05.2025 90
MMP Cables 
Private Limited Services Offered
Continuing Contact/ 
Arrangement/
Transactions
Services Offered 23.05.2025 5.92
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
 Sd/-  
Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari 
Managing Director
DIN - 00008901
 Sd/-  
Lalit Bhandari  
Whole-time Director  
DIN - 00010934
[page 40]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
35
ANNEX C - TO BOARD’S REPORT
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014]
1. A brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
 The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee to 
implement or monitor implementation of CSR activities as per the CSR Policy of the Company.
 The CSR activities are carried out and monitored mainly through in-house Departments of the Company. The 
Contributions or donations made to such other Organization or Institutions as may be permitted under the applicable 
provisions from time to time.
 The CSR Committee has formulated a comprehensive Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy to cover various 
activities like Promotion of Education and Health Care, Rural Development, Water Conservation, Protection of Flora 
and Fauna, Environment Sustainability and other activities or project/s, which are in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 135 of, Schedule VII to, the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014. The Members are requested to refer the CSR Policy of the Company for more specific details.
2. The composition of the CSR Committee:
Sr 
No Name of Persons & Designation Role in 
Committee
Number of 
Committee Meeting 
held during the year
Number of  
Committee Meeting 
attended during theyear
1 Mr. Arun Raghuveer Raj Bhandari (Managing 
Director) Chairman 2 2
2 Mr. Sanjay Sacheti 
(Non-executive, Independent Director) Member 2 2
3 Ms. Ulka Kulkarni 
(Non-executive, Independent Director) Member 2 2
4 Mr. Lalit Ranjeet Raj Bhandari 
(Whole-time Director) Member 2 2
5 Mr. Mayank Bhandari (Non- Executive Director) Member 2 1
3. The web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board are disclosed 
on the website of the Company: Web-link : https://mmpil.com/investor-info-mmp/
4. The details of Impact assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report) : Not Applicable
5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any : Not Applicable
6. Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): Rs. 10383.62 Lakh
 Turnover : 69340.54 lakh
 Net Worth: 28368.82 lakh
a)  Two percent of Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): Rs.68.56 Lakh
b)  Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Not 
Applicable
c)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL
d)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): Rs. 68.56 Lakh
7. a)      CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: 
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year 
(Amount in Lakh)
Amount Unspent (Amount in Lakh)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
60.07 -- -- -- -- --
[page 41]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
36
b)  Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing Projects for the financial year:  Nil
c)  Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing Projects for the financial year :
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Sl.
No.
Name of the 
Project
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
schedule VII 
to the Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No).
Location of the project. Amount 
spent for 
the project 
(in Lakhs)
Mode of 
implementation 
-
Mode of implementation - 
Through implementing agency.
State. District. Direct (Yes/
No).
Name CSR 
registration 
number.
1 Health Care 
including 
Preventive 
Health Care
Health Care 
including 
Preventive 
Health Care
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
0.06 NO Mahavir 
International 
Service Trust
CSR00017589
2 Promotion 
of Education 
including Special 
Education
Promotion of 
Education
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
2.50 No Sandhya 
Sanwardhan 
Sanstha
CSR00006991
3 Promotion 
of Education 
including Special 
Education, 
Research, 
Training 
and Skill 
Development
Promotion of 
Education
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
47.42 Yes - -
4
Promoting 
Healthcare
Environmental 
Sustainability
Yes Rajasthan Rajasthan 
(Rural & 
Urban)
5.00 NO PHD Rural 
Development 
Foundation 
(Rajasthan)
5 Health Care 
including 
Preventive 
Health Care
Health Care 
including 
Preventive 
Health Care
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
0.57 Yes - -
6 Religious and 
other activities
Environmental 
Sustainability
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
6.00 Yes - -
7 Promoting 
Education 
and Special 
Education
Promoting 
Education 
and Special 
Education
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
5.74 Yes - -
8 Promoting 
education, 
including special 
education
Promoting 
Education 
and Special 
Education
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
1.35 No Helpline 
Charitable 
Trust
9 Promoting 
Environmental 
sustainability and 
other activities
Direct 
Expenses
Yes Maharashtra Nagpur 
(Rural & 
Urban)
6.00 Yes - -
68.56
[page 42]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
37
d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil
f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+:8e): Rs. 68.56 Lakh
g) Excess amount for set off, if any: Nil
9.  a)  Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: NA
Sl.  
No.
Preceding 
FY
Amount transferred 
to Unspent CSR 
Account under 
Section 135(6)
Amount spent 
in the coming 
FY (Rs. in 
Lakhs)
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as per 
Section 135(6), if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding FYName of 
Fund
Amount Date of 
Transfer
1 FY 2024-25 -- - -- -- -- --
b)  Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): Nil
10.  In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through
  CSR spent in the financial year: Not Applicable
11.  Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5).: Not
   Applicable
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
 Sd/-  
Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari 
Managing Director
DIN - 00008901
 Sd/-  
Lalit Bhandari  
Whole-time Director  
DIN - 00010934
[page 43]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
38
ANNEX – D TO BOARD’S REPORT
CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS / 
OUTGO
A. CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY
(i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy
 The Company has been giving utmost priority to conservation of various forms of energy used in the manufacturing 
process. The major conservation measures implemented so far are optimization of utility output to match process 
requirement thereby reducing wasteful running of equipment and timely replacement or servicing wherever 
required. Progressively, we are replacing normal Star Delta Starters with VFD’S for various machines.
 The major Energy conservation projects implemented in FY 2025-2026 are as follows:
1) Load Factor improvement above 85 % and its monitoring and control to ensure the incentives and government 
subsidy from MSEDCL implemented. Benefits accrued are sizable amounts.
2) During the FY 2025-26 the company has taken steps for replacing normal Star Delta Starters with VFD’S for 
various machines.
3) The Company is replacing progressively with IE3 Motors. This leads to conserve the energy to large extent.
4) The Company has replaced the old fluorescent lights with the new energy efficient LED lights.
 Total energy consumption and energy consumption per unit production is as follows: -
Sr.
No.
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
A Power & Fuel Consumption
1 Electricity
Purchased Units (in lakh) 275.365 286.976
Total Amount (Rupees in lakh) 2358.51 2289.11
Rate per Unit (in Rupees) 8.57 7.98
2 Furnace Oil
Quantity (MT) 951.301 943.654
Total Amount (Rupees in lakh) 478.67 521.17
Average Rate in Rupees (per kg) 50.32 55.23
3 Coal Lumps & Fire Wood
Quantity (MT) --
Total Amount (Rupees in lakh) --
Average Rate in Rupees (per kg) --
(ii) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy
 As an environmentally conscious company and with a view to reduce the constantly increasing electricity costs, 
the company has through internal accruals, invested in 1.5 MW solar capacities at its two locations of Umred and 
Bhandara. These were operative and has lowered Electricity bills as expected. This will also reduce our carbon 
footprint and is first of the several steps which the company is taking towards a greener future.
(iii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipment’s
 The Company has made capital investment in 1.5 MW solar power at its two locations of Umred and Bhandara. 
In addition to that company has made investment in VFD’S and Energy efficient IEC motors for various machines 
for conservation of energy.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption
 The Company has obtained know how from our four decade old sales and technology partner namely, A VL Metal 
Powders for production of various grades of aluminium powder for AAC applications.
[page 44]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
39
(ii) The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution
 The Company has developed Aluminium Powder for AAC applications in India and for export market.
(iii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the 
financial year)
 The Company has not imported technology during the last three preceding years.
(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development
 The Company does not have a separate independent research and development activity. As such, no material 
amount of expenditure was incurred on research and development activity of the Company.
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS /OUTGO
 The foreign exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the year and the foreign exchange outgo during the year 
in terms of actual outflows.
 The foreign exchange earned (on account of services or otherwise) in terms of actual inflows during the Financial 
Year 2025-2026 under review and the foreign exchange outgo (on account of value of imports, remittances in foreign 
currency or otherwise) during the Financial Year 2025-26 under review in terms of actual outflows are as follows:-
Particulars Amount in Rupees Lakh
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Foreign Exchange earned (on account of sale of services or otherwise) in 
terms of actual inflows - On Account of Export FOB Value
3836.87 2300.88
Total Foreign Exchange Earnings  3836.87  2300.88
Foreign Exchange outgo (on account of value of imports,
remittances in foreign currency or otherwise) in terms of
actual outflows -
Raw Material 1278.05 896.76
Store Goods
Capital Goods - 242.68
Stores and Spares
Expenditure in Foreign Currency (Remittances)
Commission on Export sales
Royalty on Technical know how
Travelling Expenses (Other)
Total Foreign Exchange Outgo 1278.05 1139.44
For and on behalf of the Board
Place: Nagpur
Date: 10th August, 2026
 Sd/-  
Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari 
Managing Director
DIN - 00008901
 Sd/-  
Lalit Bhandari  
Whole-time Director  
DIN - 00010934
[page 45]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
40
FORM No. MR -3 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-2026 ENDED ON 31ST MARCH 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (as amended)
To.
The Shareholders  (Members)
MMP Industries Limited
CIN : L32300MH1973PLC030813
Registered Office: 211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kings way, Nagpur 440001, MH, IN
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by MMP Industries Limited (hereinafter called as ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in 
a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts or statutory compliances and expressing 
our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed, and other records maintained 
by the Company, the information, explanations and clarifications provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised 
representatives, during the conduct Of Secretarial Audit, review of mana gement representation letter alon g with Quarterly 
compliance reports by respective Department Head/s. Company Secretary. Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, 
noted and taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting/s, and verification of physical record/s of 
the Company. Some of which were obtained through electronic mode, we hereby report that, in Our opinion, the Company has, 
during the audit period coverin g the financial year 2025-2026 ended 31 March 2026 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in 
the manner and Subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and 
made available to us for the financial year 2025-2026 ended on 31st March 2026 according to the applicable provisions of:-
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the rules made there under;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act. 1956 (‘SCRA’) read with the rules made there under;
(iii) The Depositories Act. 1996 read with Regulation and Bye-laws framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 read With the rules and regulations made there Under to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment. Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations. Circulars and Guidelines [as amended] prescribed Under the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) to the extent applicable:-
a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (ISSLIC of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2018:
b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 — Not Applicable to the 
Company during the audit period;
h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 — Not Applicable to 
the Company for the audit period
i) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 — Not Applicable 
to the Company during the audit period:
[page 46]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
41
j) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible and Redeemable Preference Shares) 
Regulations, 2013 — Not Applicable to the Company during the audit period:
k) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 — Not Applicable to the 
Company during the audit period; and
l) The other Regulations and Guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Board of India to the extent and as may be 
applicable to the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the followings:-
(i) Secretarial Standards (SS-1 for Meetings of the Board of Directors and SS-2 for General Meetings) issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, to the extent and as may be 
applicable to the Company; and
(ii) The Listing Agreements under SEBI (Listing Obligation Disclosure Requirement) 2015, entered into by the Company 
with the Stock Exchange
 During the audit period under review, the Company has duly complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above except enumerated below:
a. As per information received by the Company, due to some technical glitches at Service Provider’s end, some data 
was not properly updated on the website.
b. The Company has regular in filing various e-forms with the Registrar of Companies/ Ministry of Corporate affairs 
except few with delay which were filed with additional fees.
We further report that, having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on examination of the relevant 
documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the Company has complied with the following laws applicable 
specifically to the Company:-
(i) The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006:
(ii) Legal Metrology Act, 2009:
(iii) The Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992;
(iv) The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 and the rules made there under;
(v) The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act. 1974 and the rules made there under;
(vi) The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act. 1981 and the rules made there under;
(vii) Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Trans-boundary Movement) Rules, 2016 and Manufacture, Storage and 
Import of Hazardous Chemical Rules, 1989;
(viii) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923; and
(ix) The Indian Electricity Act, 1910; The Electricity Act, 2003; and the rules made there under.
We further report that:-
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Director/ 1s, Non-executive 
Director/s and Independent Director/s including Woman Director. There were no changes took place in the composition of 
the Board of Directors during the audit period under review, except resignation of Mr. Karan Verma (DIN: 0693525) w.e.f. 
08.08.2025 and Ms. Rohini Arun Bhandari (06458838) as Additional Director (Promoter) and Mr. Sachin Suresh Nirgudkar 
( 06890618) as Additional Director (Independent) w.e.f. 08.08.2025. Later in Annual General Meeting, both directors were 
confirmed as Directors on the Board of the Company.
Adequate notice of at least seven clear days in advance, except where consent of the requisite number of Director’s was 
received for scheduling meeting at a shorter notice, was given to all the Director/s to schedule the Board and Committee 
meeting/s. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent well in advance. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda item/s before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
As per the minutes of the meeting/s duly recorded and signed by the Chairman_ all decisions at the Board and Committee 
meeting/s, as the case may be, are carried out unanimously and no dissenting views have been recorded.
We further report that as per the information and explanations given to us, the representation made by the management and 
[page 47]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
42
relied upon by us there are adequate systems. processes and control mechanism exist in the Company commensurate with 
the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations. 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. to the Company.
We further report that, during the audit period, there were no other specific events / actions in pursuance of the above referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, etc., having major bearing on the company’s affairs except incorporation of wholly own 
subsidiary Company namely MMP CABLES PRIV ATE LIMITED (CIN: U27310MH2025PTC450153) on 09.06.2025 and 
MMP ALUTECH PRIV ATE LIMITED (CIN: U27320MH2025PTC450616) on 16.06.2025.
We further report that, the Company has appointed Secretarial Auditor in the Board meeting, but has not taken approval in the 
Annual general meeting as per newly amended provisions mentioned in regulation 24A of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended). The Company will ratify the same 
in ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Accordingly, the issue of this Secretarial Audit Report in Form No. MR-3, is subject to the relaxation/s granted by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India and also, the limitation for verification of physical 
record/s of the Company, which were obtained through electronic mode.
Signed and Issued on Tuesday, the 28th day of July 2026 at Nagpur.
For V AIBHA V JACHAK & CO.
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS V AIBHA V YASHWANT JACHAK
Proprietor
Company Secretary in Practice
M No. FCS —8821, CoP No. 18495
Peer Reviewed Firm No. 7569/2025
UDIN: F008821H000954678
Note - This Secretarial Audit Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as an Annex A and forms an 
integral part of this Report.
[page 48]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
43
Annex I
To.
The Shareholders  (Members)
MMP Industries  Limited
CIN : L32300MH1973PLC030813
Registered Office: 211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kings way, Nagpur 440001, MH,IN
Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this letter:-
1. Management’s Responsibility
(a) It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are 
adequate and operate effectively.
(b) The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
2. Auditor’s Responsibility
(a) Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the 
Company with respect to secretarial compliances.
(0) We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe, the processes and practices that we followed provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion. We also believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s 
management is adequate and appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.
(b) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the 
Company.
(c) Wherever required. we have obtained the managements representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events, etc.
3. Disclaimer
 The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. Further the Financial and Internal 
Audit reports are self explanatory and therefore any comment in our report is not required.
Signed and Issued on Tuesday, the 28th day of July, 2026 at Nagpur.
For V AIBHA V JACHAK & CO.
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS V AIBHA V YASHWANT JACHAK
Proprietor
Company Secretary in Practice
M No. FCS —8821, CoP No. 18495
UDIN: F008821H000954678
[page 49]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
44
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS FY 2025–26
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Global Economy
As we progress through FY 2025–26, the global economy is navigating a complex and rapidly evolving landscape, shaped by 
the interplay of rising protectionism, technological transformation, and lingering geopolitical tensions. After a period of post-
pandemic recovery, the world now faces a new round of structural headwinds, most prominently the imposition of sweeping 
US tariffs during 2025 — described as the disruption to the multilateral trading system in decades — alongside the escalation 
of conflicts in the Middle East that has added fresh pressure on energy and commodity markets.
According to the IMF’s latest World Economic Outlook (January 2026 Update), global growth has been revised upward to 
3.3% for 2026 and 3.2% for 2027, reflecting modest improvements since the October 2025 forecast. This resilience has been 
supported by— particularly the AI infrastructure boom — fiscal and monetary stimulus in select jurisdictions, accommodating 
financial conditions, and the adaptability of the private sector. However, growth remains below the historical (2000–19) 
average of 3.7%, underscoring that the global economy has not yet achieved a return to full-trend performance.
Advanced economies are projected to grow at around 1.5%–1.6% in 2025–26, weighed down by sluggish momentum in 
the Euro Area (approximately 1.1%–1.2%) and Japan (below 1%), while the United States has shown greater resilience, 
with growth anticipated around 2.0%–2.1% buoyed by fiscal expansion under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) and 
technology-led investment. Emerging markets and developing economies are expected to maintain growth of around 4.0%–
4.2%, serving as the primary engine of global output.
Inflation globally continues its downward trajectory. The IMF projects global headline inflation at 4.2% in 2025, moderating 
further to 3.6% in 2026, a broadly positive trend reflecting the cumulative effects of monetary tightening over the past three 
years. However, the path is uneven: inflation in the United States remains above target owing to tariff-related cost pass-
through, while inflation in other large economies remains more subdued, enabling a gradual easing of monetary policy.
Trade dynamics have been profoundly reshaped by the tariff environment of 2025. The US imposed broad-based tariffs 
on trading partners, triggering retaliatory measures and accelerating trade fragmentation. Despite these headwinds, global 
merchandise trade grew faster than expected, with merchandise volumes expanding nearly 5% in the first half of 2025, partly 
aided by front-loading ahead of tariffs. AI-related goods — semiconductors, data-centre equipment — emerged as a structural 
new engine of trade, accounting for roughly one-third of global trade growth. Asian manufacturing hubs, Southeast Asia, and 
India gained ground in selected sectors, while global value chains underwent significant rerouting.
On the fiscal front, global public debt levels remain elevated, particularly in advanced economies and low-income countries. 
Rising interest payments are constraining fiscal space, forcing many governments to pursue consolidation strategies even as 
growth remains below trend. Financial sector vulnerabilities associated with the prolonged period of high interest rates also 
persist, and central banks in most jurisdictions are pursuing a cautious, data-dependent approach to monetary easing.
As the global economy moves deeper into FY 2025–26, the central challenge for policymakers remains balancing the 
management of inflation and fiscal sustainability with the imperative of sustaining growth, private investment, and structural 
reform. Countries that can leverage technology, maintain open trade relationships, and invest in productive infrastructure are 
best positioned to weather the ongoing uncertainty.
Indian Economy
Against a challenging and uncertain global backdrop, India continues to stand out as the world’s fastest-growing major 
economy, reinforcing its position as a beacon of macroeconomic stability and structural dynamism. FY 2025–26 has emerged 
as a year of broad-based acceleration, with the economy delivering robust performance across sectors despite external 
headwinds from global trade realignment and geopolitical volatility.
India’s real GDP expanded by 7.8% in Q1 FY 2025–26 and accelerated further to 8.2% in Q2 — the highest in six quarters — 
driven by resilient domestic demand, income tax and GST rationalisation, softer crude oil prices, front-loading of Government 
capital expenditure, and supportive monetary and financial conditions. The RBI has revised its GDP growth forecast for FY 
2025–26 upward to 7.3% from an earlier estimate of 6.8%, while the IMF projects growth of 6.6% for FY2025/26 before a 
moderate softening to 6.2% in FY2026/27 as cyclical and temporary tailwinds ease.
[page 50]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
45
Multiple international institutions have echoed optimism about India’s trajectory:
• The IMF (Article IV Consultation, November 2025) raised its FY 2025–26 forecast to 6.6%, citing GST reforms and 
robust domestic demand.
• The OECD projects 6.7% growth in 2025 and 6.2% in 2026.
• S&P raised India’s long-term sovereign credit rating to ‘BBB’ from ‘BBB−’, recognising India’s growing financial 
resilience.
• Fitch raised its FY26 projection to 7.4% on stronger consumer demand, while the Asian Development Bank lifted its 
2025 forecast to 7.2%.
• India is currently the world’s fourth-largest economy and is on track to become the third-largest by 2030, with a 
projected GDP of USD 7.3 trillion.
Inflation has been a standout positive story in FY 2025–26. CPI inflation, which stood at 4.26% in January 2025, softened 
significantly through the year, reaching 2.10% in June 2025 and touching multi-year lows of around 0.25% in October 2025, 
well within the RBI’s target band of 4% (±2%). This disinflationary trend, driven primarily by a correction in food prices, 
has supported real incomes, improved household purchasing power, and enabled the RBI to adopt accommodating monetary 
conditions. The RBI has lowered its CPI inflation forecast for FY 2025–26 to 2.0%, with a normalisation towards the 4% 
target expected in FY 2026–27.
India’s industrial sector has shown strengthening momentum in FY 2025–26. The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) registered 
strong growth of 7.8% in December 2025, supported by broad-based expansion in manufacturing (8.1%) and continued 
growth in mining (6.8%). This represents the strongest industrial expansion in over two years and marks a significant recovery 
compared to the four-year low of 4.0% IIP growth recorded in FY 2024–25. Manufacturing GV A accelerated, reaching 7.72% 
in Q1 and 9.13% in Q2 FY 2025–26, underscoring the economy’s increasingly broad-based industrial revival.
Infrastructure development remains a central pillar of India’s growth strategy. The Union Budget 2025–26 earmarked capital 
expenditure of ₹11.21 lakh crore (approximately 3.1% of GDP) for infrastructure-led development, with ₹5.24 lakh crore 
specifically allocated to roads and railways. This commitment to public investment continues to crowd in private capital and 
drive activity in construction, logistics, and allied industries. Additionally, the Union Budget 2026–27 further raised public 
capital expenditure by approximately 9% to ₹12.2 lakh crore, reflecting an unwavering emphasis on infrastructure-driven 
growth.
Key flagship schemes continue to propel India’s structural transformation:
• Bharatmala Pariyojana: Development of 34,800 km of national highways, advancing connectivity and freight 
movement.
• Sagarmala Programme: Over 800 port and logistics infrastructure projects strengthening maritime trade.
• PM Gati Shakti: Integrated multi-modal infrastructure planning to accelerate project execution.
• Production-Linked Incentive (PLI) Schemes: Cumulative investments of over ₹2 lakh crore realised till September 
2025, with significant gains in automotive, advanced chemistry cells, and electronics manufacturing.
• National Manufacturing Mission: A dedicated focus on clean-tech manufacturing and EV ecosystem development, 
including battery localisation under the PLI-ACC scheme (40 GWh capacity awarded).
India is also poised to benefit from global trade realignment. As US–China trade tensions have accelerated the diversification 
of supply chains, India has emerged as an attractive destination for manufacturing investments, particularly in electronics, 
textiles, pharmaceuticals, and specialty chemicals. India’s proactive trade diplomacy — with a trade agreement signed with 
the United Kingdom and negotiations with the European Union at an advanced stage, as well as expectations of an India–US 
trade deal — further enhances its positioning in the evolving global trade order.
While the outlook remains positive, risks to India’s growth trajectory include potential escalation of geopolitical conflicts 
leading to energy price spikes, volatility in global commodity and currency markets, the impact of erratic monsoon seasons 
on agricultural output, and the gradual normalisation of inflation back towards the 4% target, which could tighten monetary 
conditions in FY 2026–27. Nonetheless, with healthy GDP growth, a stable external sector, a supportive fiscal and monetary 
policy framework, and rising global investor confidence, India’s economic fundamentals remain among the strongest of any 
major economy in the world.
[page 51]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
46
Aluminium Industry
A significant development for the domestic aluminium foil industry has been the imposition of anti-dumping duty on 
aluminium foil imports from China. The measure is expected to promote fair competition, improve capacity utilisation for 
domestic manufacturers and encourage investments in technology, quality enhancement and value-added products, thereby 
strengthening India’s aluminium manufacturing ecosystem.
Looking ahead, the long-term outlook for the aluminium industry remains positive. Increasing investments in infrastructure, 
renewable energy, defence, transportation and electrical transmission, coupled with favourable government policies and the 
growing global preference for sustainable materials, are expected to create significant opportunities for value-added aluminium 
manufacturers. Companies with diversified product portfolios, strong technological capabilities, operational efficiencies and 
a focus on innovation will be well positioned to capitalise on these emerging opportunities.
Construction, Infrastructure & Mining
India’s construction and infrastructure sector continues to remain one of the primary engines of economic growth, supported 
by sustained Government expenditure, increasing private investments and large-scale urbanisation. Continued investments 
in highways, railways, metro rail projects, airports, industrial corridors, smart cities and renewable energy infrastructure are 
expected to drive long-term demand for construction materials and allied industrial products.
The Government’s continued emphasis on infrastructure development through initiatives such as PM Gati Shakti, Bharatmala 
Pariyojana, Smart Cities Mission, affordable housing programmes and expansion of logistics infrastructure is expected 
to strengthen demand across the construction value chain. Simultaneously, increasing investments in renewable energy, 
transmission networks and industrial manufacturing are creating new opportunities for manufacturers supplying specialised 
materials and engineering products.
The housing sector also continues to witness healthy growth, supported by rapid urbanisation, rising disposable incomes and 
increasing demand for affordable and sustainable construction solutions. Autoclaved Aerated Concrete (AAC) blocks have 
gained widespread acceptance owing to their lightweight properties, superior thermal insulation, fire resistance and ease of 
construction. Aluminium powder, being an essential foaming agent in AAC block manufacturing, is expected to witness 
sustained demand as the adoption of modern construction technologies continues to increase.
Mining remains another important growth driver for aluminium powder. India continues to increase production of coal, iron ore 
and other minerals to support industrial development, power generation and infrastructure projects. Rising mining activities, 
together with increasing investments in tunnelling, road construction, rail connectivity and underground infrastructure, 
continue to drive demand for industrial explosives.
Aluminium powder is a critical raw material in slurry explosives and other industrial explosive formulations owing to its 
high energy content and combustion efficiency. These explosives are extensively used in mining, quarrying, infrastructure 
development and large-scale engineering projects. Growing investments in mineral exploration, commercial mining and 
infrastructure expansion are therefore expected to support long-term demand for aluminium powder used in explosive 
applications.
The explosives industry is also witnessing increasing emphasis on safety, regulatory compliance and environmentally 
responsible handling practices. Manufacturers are adopting advanced production technologies, automated handling systems 
and stringent quality controls to improve operational safety while meeting evolving regulatory requirements.
Looking ahead, continued Government focus on infrastructure creation, mining reforms, urban development and industrial 
expansion is expected to provide sustained growth opportunities for industries catering to the construction and mining sectors. 
Companies with diversified product offerings, consistent product quality and strong customer relationships are well positioned 
to benefit from these long-term structural growth drivers.
Aluminium Foil
The aluminium foil industry continued to demonstrate resilient growth during FY 2025–26, driven by increasing demand from 
the pharmaceutical, food packaging, consumer goods and industrial sectors. Aluminium foil remains one of the most preferred 
packaging materials owing to its superior barrier properties, light weight, corrosion resistance, hygiene, recyclability and 
ability to preserve product quality by protecting against moisture, oxygen, light and contaminants.
The pharmaceutical industry continues to be one of the largest consumers of aluminium foil, where it is extensively used in 
blister packs, strip packs and other specialised packaging applications. Rising healthcare awareness, expanding pharmaceutical 
manufacturing capacity and increasing exports from India are expected to sustain long-term demand for high-quality 
aluminium foil.
[page 52]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
47
The food and beverage industry is another significant growth driver. Changing consumer lifestyles, increasing urbanisation, 
growth in organised retail, expansion of e-commerce and food delivery services, and rising demand for ready-to-eat and 
convenience foods have accelerated the adoption of aluminium foil packaging. Its excellent barrier properties and recyclability 
make it an ideal packaging solution for maintaining product safety, extending shelf life and meeting evolving sustainability 
expectations.
Beyond packaging, aluminium fo il also finds increasing application in insulation, electronics, electrical equipment, heat 
exchangers and energy storage systems. Growing investments in renewable energy, electric mobility and advanced industrial 
applications are expected to create additional opportunities for specialised aluminium foil products in the coming years.
A significant development for the domestic aluminium foil industry has been the imposition of anti-dumping duty on aluminium 
foil imports from China. The measure is expected to promote fair competition, improve capacity utilisation for domestic 
manufacturers and encourage investments in technology, product quality and value-added manufacturing. The policy is also 
expected to strengthen the competitiveness of Indian manufacturers by reducing the impact of unfairly priced imports and 
supporting long-term industry growth.
Despite favourable long-term demand prospects, the industry continues to face challenges arising from fluctuations in 
aluminium prices, energy costs, global supply chain disruptions, evolving environmental regulations and intense market 
competition. Manufacturers are therefore increasingly focusing on operational efficiency, product innovation, process 
automation and customer-centric product development to enhance competitiveness and improve profitability.
Looking ahead, the long-term outlook for the aluminium foil industry remains positive. Continued growth in pharmaceutical 
manufacturing, food processing, organised retail, consumer packaging and industrial applications, coupled with supportive 
Government policies promoting domestic manufacturing and sustainable packaging, is expected to create significant 
opportunities for value-added aluminium foil manufacturers.
Aluminium Conductors & Cables
The aluminium conductors and cables industry continued to witness healthy growth during FY 2025-26, supported by 
sustained investments in power transmission and distribution infrastructure, renewable energy integration, urban electrification 
and industrial development. Aluminium remains the preferred material for overhead transmission lines owing to its high 
conductivity-to-weight ratio, corrosion resistance, mechanical strength and cost-effectiveness.
India’s power sector continues to undergo rapid transformation with increasing investments in transmission networks, grid 
modernisation and renewable energy integration. The Government’s continued emphasis on expanding transmission capacity, 
strengthening distribution infrastructure and improving electricity access is expected to generate sustained demand for 
aluminium conductors and cables over the long term.
The country’s ambitious renewable energy targets have further accelerated investments in transmission infrastructure required 
to evacuate power from solar and wind generation projects. The integration of renewable energy into the national grid 
requires extensive development of transmission corridors, substations and distribution networks, thereby creating significant 
opportunities for manufacturers of conductors, cables and allied electrical products.
Urbanisation, industrialisation and rising electricity consumption continue to support demand for reliable and energy-
efficient power infrastructure. Expansion of industrial corridors, smart cities, metro rail systems, commercial developments 
and residential projects is driving increased demand for low-voltage and medium-voltage cable solutions, while continuous 
upgradation of ageing transmission networks is creating replacement demand for advanced conductor technologies.
Aluminium conductors continue to offer significant advantages over conventional alternatives due to their lighter weight, 
lower installation costs, excellent conductivity and ease of handling. Technological advancements have further improved 
conductor performance through the development of high-strength, low-sag and high-capacity conductors capable of enhancing 
transmission efficiency while reducing line losses.
The domestic cables and conductors industry is also witnessing increasing emphasis on product quality, energy efficiency 
and sustainability. Manufacturers are investing in advanced manufacturing technologies, process automation and quality 
assurance systems to meet stringent technical specifications prescribed by utilities, EPC contractors and industrial customers.
As part of its long-term growth strategy, MMP Industries Limited has expanded its presence in the power transmission 
and distribution sector through its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company is developing manufacturing capabilities for 
Low V oltage Power Cables (LVPC) and Composite Polymer Insulators, enabling it to offer a broader range of products for 
transmission and distribution infrastructure. These strategic initiatives are expected to strengthen the Company’s position in 
[page 53]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
48
the electrical products segment and create opportunities for long-term value creation.
Despite favourable demand fundamentals, the industry continues to face challenges arising from volatility in aluminium 
prices, competitive market conditions, supply chain disruptions and evolving regulatory standards. Manufacturers are therefore 
increasingly focusing on operational efficiencies, backward integration, product innovation and sustainable manufacturing 
practices to enhance competitiveness and improve margins.
Looking ahead, the long-term outlook for the aluminium conductors and cables industry remains highly encouraging. 
Continued investments in power transmission, renewable energy, smart grids, industrial infrastructure and rural electrification 
are expected to support sustained demand. Companies with diversified product portfolios, strong manufacturing capabilities, 
technological expertise and integrated operations will be well positioned to benefit from the significant opportunities emerging 
across India’s rapidly expanding power sector.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
MMP Industries Limited (“MMP” or “the Company”) is a leading manufacturer of aluminium-based value-added products 
with manufacturing facilities located in and around Nagpur, Maharashtra. The Company has established a diversified product 
portfolio comprising 1. Aluminium Powders (Pyro, Flake and Atomised), 2. Aluminium Pastes, 3. Aluminium Foils, 4. 
Aluminium Conductors and Cables, serving domestic as well as international markets.
The Company’s aluminium powder products cater to a wide spectrum of industries, including:
• Construction industry for manufacturing of AAC (Autoclaved Aerated Concrete) blocks;
• Mining and infrastructure through aluminised slurry explosives;
• Agriculture for pesticide formulations;
• Defence and aerospace applications;
• Railways for thermite welding;
• Pyrotechnics and fireworks;
• Specialised industrial applications requiring high-performance Aluminium Powders.
The Company’s Aluminium Foils are primarily used in pharmaceutical and food packaging applications, offering superior 
barrier properties and product protection. Aluminium conductors and cables manufactured by the Company cater to the power 
transmission and distribution sector and support India’s expanding power infrastructure.
The Company continues to strengthen its position through technological advancements, product development and expansion 
into high-growth electrical infrastructure segments while maintaining a strong focus on quality, operational excellence and 
customer satisfaction.
BUSINESS EXPANSION AND GROWTH INITIATIVES
As part of its long-term growth strategy, the Company continues to invest in expanding its presence across the electrical 
transmission and distribution value chain through its wholly owned subsidiaries.
MMP Electricals Private Limited
MMP Electricals Private Limited is developing a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility for Composite Polymer Insulators 
used in transmission and distribution networks. During FY 2025-26, the Company made significant progress in establishing 
the facility and commenced commercial production of selected products. Product approvals and customer qualification 
processes with utilities and EPC contractors are underway for higher voltage applications.
Composite insulators offer several advantages over conventional porcelain and glass insulators, including:
• Higher mechanical strength;
• Superior resistance to pollution and environmental degradation;
• Lower weight resulting in easier installation;
• Longer service life and reduced maintenance.
The project is expected to strengthen the Company’s presence in India’s rapidly growing transmission infrastructure sector.
[page 54]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
49
MMP Cables Private Limited
MMP Cables Private Limited is implementing a Greenfield manufacturing facility for Low V oltage Power Cables (LVPC) 
and Covered Conductors. The project is being executed in phases to cater to increasing demand from the power distribution, 
industrial, renewable energy and infrastructure sectors.
The Company has also initiated the establishment of a Wire Rod manufacturing facility under this subsidiary as part of its 
backward integration strategy. The project is expected to improve operational efficiencies, strengthen supply chain reliability 
and enhance margins in the conductor and cable business through captive availability of a key raw material.
These investments are aligned with the Company’s objective of building an integrated electrical products business and 
diversifying into high-growth segments supporting India’s energy transition and infrastructure development.
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES / JOINT VENTURE
Toyal MMP India Private Limited
The Company has a Joint Venture with Toyo Aluminium K.K., Japan, namely Toyal MMP India Private Limited , for 
manufacturing specialised grades of aluminium paste. MMP Industries Limited holds 26% equity in the Joint Venture.
The association enables access to advanced manufacturing technology, product development capabilities and global marketing 
opportunities, particularly for specialised aluminium paste applications.
Star Circlips & Engineering Limited
Star Circlips & Engineering Limited is an Associate Company in which MMP Industries Limited holds 26.06% equity. 
The Company is engaged in the manufacture of circlips, retaining rings, washers, shims and formed components used 
predominantly in the automotive and engineering industries.
EXPORTS
Exports continue to be an important contributor to the Company’s business.
The Company exports its products to several international markets, primarily across:
• Europe;
• Africa;
• Middle East;
• Select Asian markets.
Through its Joint Venture, Toyal MMP India Private Limited, specialised aluminium paste products are also being supplied to 
customers in Japan and other global markets, expanding the Company’s international footprint.
OPPORTUNITIES
India’s continued investment in power transmission, renewable energy, infrastructure, urbanisation and manufacturing is 
expected to drive sustained demand for aluminium-based products.
The Company is well positioned to benefit from:
• Growing demand for AAC blocks driven by affordable housing and infrastructure development and redevelopment, 
reconstruction.
• Expansion of power transmission and distribution networks requiring conductors, cables and composite insulators.
• Increasing demand from defence, aerospace and specialised industrial applications for high-performance aluminium 
powders.
• Export opportunities across Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Asia through long-standing customer relationships and 
developing new relationships.
• Access to advanced technologies and global marketing channels through the Joint Venture with Toyo Aluminium K.K.
• Backward integration through captive wire rod manufacturing, expected to improve margins and supply chain efficiencies 
for the conductor and cable business.
[page 55]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
50
• Government initiatives supporting domestic manufacturing, infrastructure development and renewable energy projects.
Further, the imposition of anti-dumping duty on aluminium foil imports from China is expected to provide a favourable 
operating environment for domestic manufacturers by promoting fair competition, improving capacity utilisation and 
encouraging investments in technology and quality enhancement.
THREATS
The Company continues to operate in a dynamic business environment and remains exposed to various external risks, 
including:
• V olatility in aluminium prices and other input costs, which can impact profitability and working capital requirements.
• Global geopolitical developments, trade policies and fluctuations in international demand affecting export markets.
• Increasing competitive intensity from domestic and international manufacturers.
• Delays in infrastructure and capital expenditure projects that may affect demand from end-user industries.
• Foreign exchange fluctuations impacting export realisations and import costs.
• Manufacturing of aluminium powder involves inherently hazardous processes. The Company places the highest priority 
on safety through robust process controls, regular safety audits, employee training and continuous improvement of safety 
systems. Following the unfortunate industrial accident during FY 2025-26, the Company has further strengthened its 
safety framework, process controls and operational monitoring to enhance workplace safety and minimise operational 
risks.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
The statements in this 'Management Discussion and Analysis' describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates, 
and expectations may be 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning applicable to securities laws and regulations. 
Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the 
Company’s operations include economic conditions affecting demand or supply and price conditions in domestic and overseas 
markets, changes in government regulations, tax laws and other statutes, and other incidental factors.
[page 56]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
51
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT – FY 2025-26
Corporate Governance, at its essence, is about trust — trust between a company and everyone it serves: its shareholders, 
employees, customers, partners, regulators, and the communities in which it operates. It goes beyond compliance and box-
ticking. True governance means making decisions that are transparent, accountable, and guided by a long-term vision for 
sustainable and inclusive growth.
At MMP, we view Corporate Governance not as an obligation but as an opportunity — to demonstrate integrity, build 
stakeholder confidence, and create enduring value. Our governance framework recognises that financial performance alone 
is insufficient. It must be complemented by a genuine commitment to ethical conduct, social responsibility, and meaningful 
contribution to the nation’s socio-economic progress.
As the business environment continues to evolve, so does our approach to governance. We continuously strengthen our 
internal systems, review our decision-making structures, and raise the bar on disclosure and accountability — not merely to 
meet regulatory expectations, but because responsible corporate citizenship is central to who we are.
COMPANY POLICY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
MMP has embedded strong Corporate Governance practices at every level of its operations since inception. We firmly believe 
that sound governance is built on three pillars: disciplined management practices, strict compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations, and an unwavering commitment to ethics and transparency. These principles, combined with our active 
engagement in Corporate Social Responsibility within local communities, form the cornerstone of our mission to be the most 
sustainable and competitive player in our industry.
In line with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and the Companies Act, 2013, MMP has adopted all requisite policies, constituted all statutory committees, and put 
in place a robust governance framework to ensure effective oversight and accountability. The Company fully adheres to the 
Secretarial Standards SS-1 (Board Meetings) and SS-2 (General Meetings) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India — both in letter and in spirit.
In our commitment to transparency and stakeholder accessibility, all relevant policies, disclosures, and updates are made 
available on MMP’s official website in a timely manner. We recognise that good governance is not a destination but a 
continuous journey, and we remain steadfast in our resolve to uphold the highest standards of corporate conduct across all 
areas of operation.
MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS
The Board of Directors and the Management of MMP Industries Limited are firmly committed to upholding the highest 
standards of Corporate Governance. This commitment is reflected through the following guiding principles:
(i)  Commitment to Stakeholder Value Creation 
We strive to enhance stakeholder value by:
–  Making sound and well-informed business decisions,
–  Practicing prudent financial management, and
–  Upholding the highest standards of ethics and integrity across all levels of the organization.
(ii)  Promoting Transparency and Professionalism
 We ensure that all decisions and transactions of the Company are conducted with complete transparency and 
professionalism, fostering trust and accountability.
(iii)  Pursuit of Excellence in Corporate Governance 
We are dedicated to achieving excellence in governance by:
–  Adhering to and, wherever possible, exceeding the applicable statutory Corporate Governance requirements, and
–  Continuously reviewing and improving Board procedures and management systems to ensure relevance and 
effectiveness.
(iv)  Integrated Approach to Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE)
 We recognize health, safety, and environmental sustainability as integral components of our business strategy. We are 
committed to raising awareness and promoting best practices in HSE not only within the Company but also among our 
partners and stakeholders.
[page 57]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
52
(v)  Environmental Stewardship
 We actively implement, maintain, and continually enhance our environmental management systems to ensure responsible 
operations and sustainable practices.
(vi)  Operational Excellence and Employee Engagement
 We aim to achieve excellence in all areas of our operations by fostering employee involvement at every level. Our focus 
remains on reducing costs, improving productivity, enhancing quality, and striving towards the goals of Zero Failure, 
Zero Defect, and Zero Accident.
(i) The Vision and Mission of the Company
VISION MISSION
To be the most preferred manufacturer and brand of 
aluminium foils, aluminium powders and aluminium 
conductors/cables for all user applications.
To consistently exceed customer’s expectations of quality, 
cost and delivery through process optimization, system 
improvements and continuous customer interaction.
To generate and sustain an atmosphere of trust and mutual 
respect with all stakeholders in the business and outside.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
a. Composition: The Board of Directors of the Company as of 31st March 2026 consisted of:-
Sr. 
No.
DIN /PAN Name Designation
1 00008901 Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari Executive Director
2 00010934 Mr. Lalit Bhandari Executive Director
3 08342116 Mr. Tenneti Narasimham Murthy Executive Director
4 01176865 Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari Non- Executive Director
5 02599024 Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna** Non- Executive Independent Director
6 07085469 Ms. Ulka Kulkarni Non- Executive Independent Director
7 00907147 Mr. Sunil Khanna** Non- Executive Independent Director
8 00271310 Mr. Sanjay Sacheti Non- Executive Independent Director
9 06890618 Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar* Non-Executive Independent Director
10 06458838 Ms. Rohini Bhandari* Non-Executive Director
11 03203265 Mr. Raj Sethia** Non- Executive Independent Director
12 08518801 Dr. Sanjay Arora** Non- Executive Independent Director
13 ADCPK2636D Mr. Sharad Khandelwal Chief Financial Officer
14 ABKPU5688B Ms. Madhura Singh Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
 During the financial year 2025-26 ended 31st March 2026 under review:
 *Mr. Karan Varma resigned owing to preoccupation and M r. Sachin Nirgudkar and Ms. Rohini Bhandari were 
appointed on 8th August, 2025.
 **Mr. Vijay Bapna and Mr. Sunil Khanna resigned from directorship on 10th August, 2026 and Mr. Raj Sethia and 
Dr. Sanjay Arora were appointed on same day.
b. Meetings, agenda and proceedings etc. of the Board of Directors
 The attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings and Fifty Second (52nd) Annual General Meeting, details 
of their Directorship in other Companies, Partnership in other Firms or LLP and Membership in the Board 
Committees of the Company: -
• Six (6) meetings of the Board of Directors were held on (1) 27th April, 2025 (2) 23rd May, 2025 (3) 8th August, 
2025 (4) 7th November, 2025 (5) 13th February 2026 (6) 27th March 2026 during the Financial Year 2025-26 
ended 31st March 2026 under review.
• Fifty Second (52nd ) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 8th September, 2025.
[page 58]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
53
Sr. 
No. Name of Director
No. of Board 
Meetings 
Attended / 
Entitled
Whether 
Attended 
52nd AGM
Directorship 
in Other 
Companies
Partnership 
in LLP’s
Committee 
Membership
Directorship 
in other 
Listed 
Companies
1. Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj 
Bhandari 6/6 Yes 7 -- -- --
2. Mr. Lalit Bhandari 6/6 Yes 1 -- 1 --
3. Mr. Karan Varma 1/3 No -- -- - --
4. Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna 6/6 Yes 3 - 5 2
5. Mr. Sunil Khanna 6/6 Yes 1 -- 1 --
6. Mr. Tenneti Narasimham 
Murthy 3/6 Yes -- -- -- --
7. Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari 3/6 Yes 8 -- -- 2
8. Mr. Sanjay Sacheti 6/6 Yes 4 - 3 -
9. Ms. Ulka Kulkarni 4/6 Yes 2 - 2 -
10. Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar 4/4 NA - - 1 -
11. Mr. Rohini Bhandari 3/4 NA 2 - - -
12. Mr. Raj Sethia NA NA - - - -
13. Dr. Sanjay Arora NA NA - - - -
* Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna is Director in Two (2) Listed Companies namely:-
i)  Lagnam Spintex Limited (CIN: L17119RJ2010PLC032089);
ii) Usha Martin Limited (CIN: L31400WB1986PLC091621)
 Mr. Mayank Bhandari is Director in One Listed company, namely:
i.  Bajaj Steel Industries Limited (CIN: L27100MH1961PLC011936)
• Directorship in other Companies meant for Companies other than Foreign Companies.
• Committee Membership meant for Chairman or Member of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee of the Company and other companies also.
• None of the Directors of the Company are inter-se related to each other except Mr. Arun Bhandari, 
Managing Director is father of Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari, Non-Executive Director and Ms. Rohini 
Bhandari and cousin of Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director and accordingly Mr. Lalit Bhandari is 
Uncle of Mr. Mayank Bhandari and Ms. Rohini Bhandari
• None of the Independent Directors have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the 
Company other than receiving Sitting Fees for the Board and its Committee Meetings of the Company.
• The Company ensures that all statutory, significant material information are placed before the Board 
or Committees of Board, for their information, consideration, review and approval, if any, to enable 
them to discharge their responsibilities as trustees of the large family of stakeholders. The Board 
periodically reviews compliance of all laws applicable to the Company.
 Scheduling and selection of Agenda items for the Board Meetings:-
• All departments of the Company schedule their work and plans in advance, particularly with regard to 
matters requiring consideration at the Board or its Committee Meetings of the Company.
 Post meeting follow-up mechanism
• All important decisions taken at the Board or its Committee Meetings are promptly communicated 
to the concerned departments. Action Taken Report on decisions and minutes of previous meetings 
are placed at the succeeding meetings of the Board and its Committee for their information, review, 
ratification and approval, if any.
[page 59]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
54
 Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors and Senior Management:-
• The Code of Conduct has already been communicated to all the Board and senior management members. 
The Code is also available on the Company’s website https://mmpil.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/
Evaluation-of-the-Boards-Performance.pdf. All the Board members and senior management personnel 
have confirmed compliance with the Code for the financial year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 2026. The 
Annual Report contains a declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director of the Company.
c. Woman Director
 As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Listing Regulations, Ms. Ulka Kulkarni [DIN: 
07085469] is appointed as Woman Director of the company since 6th November, 2023.
d. Separate Meeting of Independent Directors
 As stipulated by Schedule IV - Code of Independent Directors to the Companies Act, 2013 and the Regulations 
25 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a separate meeting 
of the Independent Directors of the Company was held on Friday, 23 rd May, 2025 to review inter-alia, the 
performance of all the Directors including Executive Directors & Chairman and Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company, and the Board including its Committees. The Independent Directors also reviewed the quality, 
content and timeliness of the flow of information between the Management, the Board and its Committees, which 
is necessary to effectively and reasonably perform and discharge their duties.
e. Induction, Training and Familiarization Program for Board Members
 An effective induction program for newly appointed Directors, along with continuous training for existing 
Directors, plays a vital role in upholding the Company’s high standards of Corporate Governance. Every new 
Director undergoes a structured induction process, which includes a presentation by the Managing Director 
covering key aspects of the Company such as manufacturing, marketing, finance, and other critical functions. 
The Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary are jointly responsible for facilitating these induction and 
training programs.
 Independent Directors may, as needed, request detailed insights into specific projects, operations, or processes. 
The management addresses such requests by providing the necessary information and training either during Board 
meetings or through separate sessions.
 The induction program typically includes interactive meetings with members of the executive committee, business 
and functional heads, site visits to manufacturing facilities, and visits to locations where the Company’s CSR 
initiatives are implemented. For subjects requiring specialized knowledge, the Company engages external experts 
and consultants to conduct presentations and discussions with the Board.
 To familiarize Directors with the Company’s operations and business model, the management team regularly 
delivers presentations. Directors are also kept informed about industry trends, new initiatives, and strategic plans 
of the Company. Board members receive relevant reports, internal policies, and periodic updates during Board and 
Committee meetings.
 Additionally, Directors are briefed on their roles, powers, rights, and responsibilities under applicable laws and 
regulations, including the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, among others.
f. Evaluation of the Board’s Performance
 During the financial year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 2026, the Board continued with a formal mechanism for 
evaluating its performance as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors, including the Chairman of the 
Board. The exercise was carried out through a structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the Board 
functioning such as composition of the Board and its Committees, experience and competencies, performance 
of specific duties and obligations, governance issues, etc. Separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the 
performance of individual Directors including the Chairman of the Board, who were evaluated on parameters 
such as attendance, contribution at the meetings, independent judgment, safeguarding of minority shareholders 
interest, etc. by framing suitable questionnaire.
 The evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board and that of the Chairman and the 
Non-Independent Directors were carried out by the Independent Directors. The Directors were satisfied with the 
evaluation results, which reflected the overall engagement of the Board and its Committees with the Company.
[page 60]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
55
g. Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes
 The Board comprises of qualified members who possess required skills, expertise and competencies that allow 
them to make effective contributions to the Board and its Committees. The key qualifications, skills, and attributes 
which are taken into consideration while selecting candidates to serve on the Board are namely:- i) Experience / 
knowledge of Industry/ Sector; ii) Finance & Taxation; ii) Diversity; iii) Sales & Marketing; iv) Projects; v) Public 
Relations and iv) Sustainability and Environment, Social and Governance.
 The list comprising the name of Board Members of the Company and the core skills, expertise and competencies 
possessed by them is given hereunder:
Name of Director
Skills / Expertise / Competencies
Industry Knowledge 
and Experience
Technical Knowledge / Skills/ Experience Integrity 
& High 
Ethical 
Standards 
and ability 
to devote 
time and 
energy to 
their role
Experience 
/knowledge 
of Industry/ 
Sector
Finance 
& 
Taxation
Diversity Sales & 
Marketing
Projects Public 
Relations
Sustainability 
and 
Environment, 
Social and 
Governance
Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj 
Bhandari √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr. Lalit Bhandari √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr. Sanjay Sacheti √ √ √ √ -- √ √ √
Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna √ √ √ -- √ √ √ √
Mr. Sunil Khanna √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr. Raj Sethia √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Dr. Sanjay Arora √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr. Tenneti Narasimham 
Murthy √ -- √ -- √ √ √ √
Mr. Mayank Arun 
Bhandari √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Ms. Ulka Kulkarni √ √ √ - √ √ √ √
Ms. Rohini Bhandari √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
h. Agenda
 All the meetings are conducted as per well designed and structured agenda. All the agenda items are backed 
by necessary supporting information, notes and documents (except for critical or unpublished price sensitive 
information, which is circulated at the meeting itself) to enable the Board and its Committee to take informed 
decisions. The agenda also includes item related to ratification, confirmation and approval, if any, of minutes of 
the previous Board and its Committee meetings. Additional agenda items, if any, in the form of “Other Business” 
are included with the permission of the Chairman and with the requisite consent of majority of the Directors of the 
Company. The agenda including notes thereof are generally circulated together with Notice, Seven (7) clear days 
prior to date of the Board and its Committee Meetings. In addition, the resolutions passed by circulation, if any, for 
any business exigencies, were later placed in the ensuing Board Meeting for ratification and approval, if any.
 The Companies Act, 2013 read with the relevant rules made there under, now facilitates the participation of 
Directors in the Board and its Committee Meetings through video conferencing or other audio visual mode. 
Accordingly, the option to participate in the meeting through video conferencing (subject to technical aspects) 
was made available for the Directors.
 The Board periodically reviews the items required to be placed before it and in particular, reviews and approves the 
quarterly and yearly financial statements (Audited or Un-audited), statement of Deviation or Variation (Utilization 
of IPO proceeds), corporate strategies, business plans, annual budgets, projects and capital expenditure. The 
[page 61]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
56
Board monitors overall operating performance, progress of major projects and review such other items which 
require Board’s attention. It directs and guides the activities of the management towards the set goals and seeks 
accountability. It also sets standards of corporate behavior, ensures transparency in corporate dealings and 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The agenda for the Board meeting covers items set out 
as per the various laws and regulations applicable to the Company, including but not limited to, the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the rules made there under and the Listing Regulations to the extent these are relevant and 
applicable to the Company.
i. Invitees and Proceedings
 Apart from the Board members, the Company Secretary is a Secretary to the Board and all its Committees, while 
the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) is invited to attend the Board Meetings as well as its Committee Meetings. 
Auditors and other senior management executives are called, as and when necessary, to provide additional inputs 
for the items being discussed by the Board and its Committees. The CFO makes presentations on the quarterly 
and annual operating financial performance and capital expenditure budget. The Managing Director, CFO and/
or other Senior Executives make presentations on capital expenditure proposals and progress, operational health, 
safety and other business issues. The Chairman of various Board Committees regularly brief the Board on all the 
important matters discussed and decided at their respective Committee meetings, which are generally held prior to 
the Board meeting of the Company.
j. Post Meeting Action
 Post meetings, all important decisions taken at the meeting were communicated to all the concerned officials and 
departments. An Action Taken Report is prepared and reviewed periodically by the Company Secretary for the 
action taken and pending for further action.
 The matters considered at the Board Meetings, which needs to be disseminated to the investors at large, in terms 
of SEBI Regulations including Listing Regulations, were communicated through online submission to Stock 
Exchange i.e., NSE.
k. Support and Role of Company Secretary
 The Company Secretary is responsible for convening the Board and its Committee meetings, preparation and 
distribution of agenda and other documents, recording of the minutes of the meetings. He acts as an interface 
between the Board and the management, provides required assistance or assurance to the Board and the management 
on compliance and governance aspects.
l. Brief Profile of Directors
 Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Chairman & Managing Director [DIN - 00008901]
 Arun Bhandari, aged 70 years, is the Promoter, Chairman & Managing Director of the Company. He holds a 
Bachelor‘s degree in Technology in Chemical Engineering from the Banaras Hindu University, Banaras, India. He 
has experience of more than 40 years in the manufacture of pyro technique aluminium powder, paste and conductors 
and also manufacturing of circlips, retaining rings and other carbon steel stampings and formed components. He has 
been on Board since 5th February 1981.
 Presently he holds position as the Director of Toyal MMP India Private Limited and Director of Star Circlips & 
Engineering Limited, Mayank Fasteners Private Limited, Rohini Horticulture Private Limited and wholly owned 
subsidiaries of MMP Industries Limited- MMP Electricals Private Limited, MMP Cables Private Limited and 
MMP Alutech Private Limited. He is a Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee, Share 
Transfer Committee and Project Monitoring Committee, and a Member of Risk Management Committee and is 
an Invitee to Audit Committee of the Company. He is holding 69,59,461 equity shares (constituting 27.40% of 
Shareholding) in the capital of the Company.
 Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director [DIN - 00010934]
 Lalit Bhandari , aged 70  years, is a Whole-time Director of the Company. He is qualified as a Graduate, has 
been associated with the MMP Group of Companies since Year 1981. He has worked at various positions and 
has experience of more than 40 years in the Aluminium powder and paste business and specifically, in project 
management.
 Presently, he holds directorship in Rohini Horticulture Private Limited. He is a Chairman of Risk Management 
Committee; and a Member of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
Committee, Share Transfer Committee and Project Monitoring Committee of the Company. He is holding 125 
equity shares in the capital of the Company.
[page 62]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
57
 Mr. Mayank Bhandari, Non Executive Director [DIN – 01176865]
 Mayank Bhandari, aged 41 years, is the Promoter, Director of the Company. He holds a Master’s degree in 
Manufacturing Engineering from the University of Warwick, England.
 His responsibilities include administration, sales & marketing and commercial functions.
 He is the Executive Director of Star Circlips & Engineering Ltd. as well as Director of Toyal MMP India Pvt. Ltd., 
MMP Alutech Private Limited , MMP Cables Private Limited, MMP Electricals Private Limited
 Ms. Ulka Kulkarni, Non-executive, Independent Director [DIN -07085469]
 Ulka Kulkarni, holds Bachelor degrees of Commerce and Law and Fellow Membership of Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India. Currently working as Practicing Company Secretary, she has versatile experience of 
working in field of Accounts Field and Secretarial field various renowned companies. Her acumen of working in 
Manufacturing companies and legal field will be beneficial for the company.
 She is a Member of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee 
and Share Transfer Committee of the Company. She is not holding any equity shares in the capital of the Company.
 Mr. Raj Sethia, Non-executive, Independent Director [DIN - 03203265]
 Raj Sethia brings 30+ years of cross-sector leadership across corporate finance, strategy, business development, 
HR, high-growth operations, and P&L management - with the last 3 years focused on deep tech venture investing. 
His career spans FMCG, Telecom, and Digital Infrastructure, and now Defence & Aerospace, Space Economy, 
Critical Communications, and other sovereign-critical sectors.
  He is currently Founder & Managing Partner of MountTech Growth Fund (Kavachh), a Category II AIF (Venture 
Capital Fund).
 His long tenure as EVP & CXO at V odafone - including a stint as Founder CEO of a start-up backed by two global 
telecom leaders - gives him deep operational and governance experience across business stages and scale. Earlier 
in his career, he held Finance & Commercial roles at global FMCG leaders PepsiCo and Pernod Ricard.
  He holds a B.Com (Honours) from St. Xavier›s College, Kolkata; a CMA from ICMA (USA); and an MBA from 
Wake Forest University School of Business, North Carolina, USA
 Dr. Sanjay Arora, Non-executive, Independent Director [DIN - 08518801]
 Dr. Sanjay Arora is a distinguished marketing strategist, entrepreneur, and academic with over 39 years of experience 
in brand management, marketing communications, and business strategy. He holds a Ph.D. in Brand Management, 
Marketing Communication & Consumer Behaviour, an MBA, and has completed executive programmes in Brand 
Management and Digital Marketing from IIM Bangalore.
 He is the Founder of Shells Advertising Inc., one of Central India’s leading advertising agencies, and has been 
instrumental in expanding its presence internationally. A sought-after keynote speaker and 14-time TEDx speaker, 
Dr. Arora is a mentor at IIM Nagpur’s incubation centre and serves on the Boards of Studies of reputed academic 
institutions. He is also a prolific author, with a forthcoming book on marketing.
 His expertise in marketing, branding, entrepreneurship, and strategic management brings significant value to the 
Board and contributes to the Company’s long-term growth and governance.
 Mr. Tenneti Narasimham Murthy, Whole-time Director [DIN - 08342116]
 T. N. Murthy, aged 57 years, is a Whole-time Director of the Company. He holds Master’s Degree in Sociology. 
He has also completed Post Graduate Diploma in Industrial Relations and Personnel Management (PGDIRPM) and 
Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management (PGDHRM). He has over 27 Years’ corporate working 
experience in various aspects of Human Resources, Industrial (Employees) Relations, Contract Management, 
Welfare, Administration, Training & Development, Performance Appraisal, and related activities, including Statutory 
Compliances. He is associated with the Company since February 2018 as General Manager (HR and Admin).
 He joined the Board of Directors as a Whole-time Director since 2 nd February 2019. He is a Member of Risk 
Management Committee of the Company. He is not holding any equity shares in the capital of the Company.
 Mr. Sanjay Sacheti, Independent Director [DIN - 00271310 ]
 Mr. Sanjay Sacheti is currently Country Manager of Olam Agri India Pvt Ltd which is one of the Indian subsidiaries 
of the Singapore headquartered global agribusiness of Olam Group Ltd. In a career spanning around 34 years, he 
[page 63]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
58
has also worked with various MNCs and Indian corporate houses like Unilever, ITC ConAgra, the Tata group and 
the Eicher group.
 He is a Chartered Accountant and a Company Secretary.
 Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar, Independent Director [DIN: 06890618]
 He brings over 30 years of leadership experience in the manufacturing and engineering sector, with proven 
expertise in business transformation, technology promotion, and international operations.
 As Partner at Industrial Interface India (3i), he leads the promotion of advanced manufacturing technologies such 
as fine blanking, hot stamping, and PVD coatings for the automotive industry. He has deep knowledge of hot 
forming processes and extensive market insight into India’s evolving industrial landscape.
 Previously, as Managing Director of ABP Induction Systems (India), he successfully turned around an eight-year 
loss-making unit into a profitable enterprise through operational restructuring, ERP implementation, and financial 
discipline. He has also held key leadership roles at Schuler India and Mahindra Group companies, with a track 
record of strategic growth and international project execution.
 Ms. Rohini Bhandari, Non- Executive Director [DIN: 06458838]
 Ms. Rohini Bhandari, aged 36 years, is a qualified legal professional with significant experience in the legal 
domain. She holds a Master’s degree in Law from Columbia University, USA, and a Bachelor’s degree in Law 
from the prestigious ILS Law College, Pune.
 Ms. Bhandari has worked with reputed legal firms based in Mumbai, where she gained substantial expertise in 
various aspects of corporate and commercial law. Her academic background and professional experience make her 
well-suited to contribute meaningfully to the governance and legal oversight functions of the Board.
 She is a relative of Mr. Arun Bhandari, Mr. Mayank Bhandari, and Mr. Lalit Bhandari.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
(a) Constitution
 The Board of Directors has, constituted the Audit Committee of the Company in due compliance of applicable 
provisions of laws, rules and regulation governing it. Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna acted as the Chairman of the Committee 
until 10.08.2026, and Mr. Sanjay Sacheti was appointed as Chairman from 10.08.2026. All other members including 
Chairman of the Audit Committee are the Non-executive, Independent Directors of the Company. They all possess 
requisite knowledge of accounts, audit, finance, taxation, internal controls, etc.
(b) Terms of Reference, Roles & Responsibility of the Committee is as follows:-
 Pursuant to Regulation 18(3) read with Part C of Schedule - II to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the terms of reference, roles and responsibilities of the Audit 
Committee shall include, amongst others, the following:-
1. oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure 
that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
2. recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;
3. approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other permissible services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4. reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission 
to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:
(a) matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s 
Report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
(b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
(c) major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgement by management;
(d) significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
(e) compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to fi nancial statements;
(f) d isclosure of any related party transactions;
(g) modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;
[page 64]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
59
5. reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the Board for approval;
6. reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses or application of funds raised through an issue (public 
issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated 
in the offer document, prospectus or notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the 
utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take 
up steps in this matter;
7. reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
8. approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties;
9. scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
10. valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;
11. evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
12.  reviewing with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control 
systems;
13. reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit department, 
staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit;
14. discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up thereon;
15. reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected 
fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the 
Board;
16. discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as 
post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
17. to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders 
(in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
18.  to review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism;
19. approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, 
etc. of the candidate;
20. carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.
21.  reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary 
exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing 
loans / advances / investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision.
22.  consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders.
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:
- management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
- statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the Audit Committee), submitted by management;
- management letters or letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
-  internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and
- the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Internal Auditors shall be subject to review by the 
Audit Committee.
- Statement of deviations:
-  quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1).
[page 65]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
60
- annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice in 
terms of Regulation 32(7).
In addition to above:
•  The Audit Committee shall have discussions with the Statutory Auditors on the audit of the quarterly, half-yearly 
and yearly financial statements, the yearly audit plan, matters relating to compliance of Accounting Standards and 
Policies, their observations arising from the audit of the Company’s financial statements and other related matters.
•  The Audit Committee during its meetings shall review with the management and auditors (both external and 
internal) on all issues which are required to be reviewed by the Audit Committee pursuant to the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. The Audit Committee shall also review the observations of the Internal and 
Statutory Auditors in relation to all areas of operations of the Company as also the Internal Control Systems. The 
Audit Committee shall also review the actions taken by the Company on various observations and queries of the 
Auditors.
(c) Composition:-
 Chairman :   Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna, Non-executive, Independent Director (till 10.08.2026) Mr. Sanjay Sacheti, Non-
executive, Independent Director (from 10.08.2026)
 Members :     Mr. Raj Sethia and Ms. Ulka Kulkarni, Non-executive, Independent Directors , Mr. Mayank Bhandari 
Non-Executive Director of the Company (till 10.08.2026) Mr. Arun Bhandari, Chairman and Managing 
Director (from 10.08.2026)
 Secretary :     Madhura Singh, Company Secretary
(d) Invitees / Participants:-
(i)  CA Sharad Mohanlal Khandelwal, Chief Financial Officer
(ii)  Statutory Auditors
(iii)  Secretarial Auditors
(iv)  Internal Auditors
(v)  Cost Auditors
(e) Meetings and Attendance:
 Four (4) meetings of the Audit Committee were held during the Financial Year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 2026 on (1) 
23rd May, 2025 (2) 8th August, 2025 (3) 7th November 2025 (4) 13th February, 2026.
 Attendance
Name of Director Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna Mr. Sanjay Sacheti Mr. Mayank Bhandari Mr. Sunil Khanna
No. of Meetings 
Attended / Entitled 4/4 4/4 3/4 4/4
4. NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
(a)  Constitution:
 The Board of Directors has, constituted in due compliance of applicable provisions of laws, rules and regulation 
governing it. Mr. Sunil Khanna acted as the Chairman of the Committee until 10.08.2026 and Mr. Raj Sethia from 
10.08.2026. All other members including Chairman of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee are the Non-
executive, Independent Directors of the Company.
(b) Terms of Reference of the Committee is as follows:-
 Pursuant to Regulation 19(4) read with Part D of Schedule - II to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the committee is empowered to:
(a)  identify persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in 
accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and shall 
carry out evaluation of every director’s performance;
(b)  formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and 
recommend to the Boards policy, relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and 
other employees;
[page 66]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
61
(c)  while formulating the policy under (b) above, ensure that:-
i. the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 
directors of the quality required to run the company successfully;
ii. relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; 
and
iii. remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance 
between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate to 
the working of the company and its goals:
(d) devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;
(e)  whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report 
of performance evaluation of Independent Directors;
(f) recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to Senior Management;
(g) such other functions or activities as may be assigned or delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors 
of the Company and/or pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 / Listing Regulations].
(c) Composition:-
Chairman   Mr. Sunil Khanna, Non-executive, Independent Director (upto 10.08.2026) Mr. Raj Sethia, Non-
executive, Independent Director (from 10.08.2026)
Members :   Mr. Sanjay Sacheti and Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna( upto 10.08.2026) Dr. Sanjay Arora (from10.08.2026)    
, Non-executive, Independent Directors of the Company.
Secretary :   Madhura Singh, Company Secretary
 Invitees / Participants:-
(i) Statutory Auditors
(ii) Secretarial Auditors
(d)  Meeting and attendance
 One (1) meeting of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee were held during the Financial Year 2025-26 
ended 31st March 2026 on (1) 8th August, 2025
 Attendance
Name of Director Mr. Sunil Khanna Mr. Sanjay Sacheti Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna
No. of Meetings Attended / Entitled 1/1 1/1 1/1
(e) The details of Sitting fees, Remuneration paid for the Financial Year 2025-26 and Commission, if any, for 
the Financial Year 2024-25 paid during the Financial Year 2025-26 are as under:-
Name Designation Sitting Fees Total 
Remuneration
Commission 
for the FY 
2024-25
Total Amount
Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj  
 Bhandari
Chairman &
Managing Director - 1,34,40,000 - 1,34,40,000
Mr. Lalit Bhandari Whole-time
Director - 35,13,000 - 35,13,000
Mr. Tenneti Narasimham 
Murthy
Whole-time
Director - 23,69,000 - 23,69,000
[page 67]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
62
Name Designation Sitting Fees Total 
Remuneration
Commission 
for the FY 
2024-25
Total Amount
Mr. Karan Yudhishtir
Varma
Non-executive,
Independent
Director
25,000 - - 25,000
Mr. Mayank Arun
 Bhandari
Non-executive,
Director - - - 0
Mr. Vijay Singh
 Bapna
Non-executive,
Independent
Director
2,35,000 - - 2,35,000
Mr. Sunil Khanna
Non-executive,
Independent
Director
2,35,000 - - 2,35,000
Mr. Sanjay Sacheti
Non-executive,
Independent
Director
2,00,000 - - 2,00,000
Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar
Non-executive,
Independent
 Director
1,00,000 1,00,000
Mr. Ulka Kulkarni
Non-executive,
Independent
Director
1,10,000 - - 1,10,000
5. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
 Objective
 This Committee is responsible for the satisfactory redressal of shareholders or investors’ grievances and such other 
functions or activities as may be assigned or delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company and/
or pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended) and the Listing Regulations.
 Composition
 The Board of Directors has, constituted including re-constituted, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of the 
Company, from time to time in due compliance of applicable provisions of laws, rules and regulation governing it. The 
composition of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are Mr. Sanjay Sacheti, Non-executive, Independent Director, 
as its Chairman and Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar, Non-executive, Independent Director, Mr. Sunil Khanna, Non-Executive and 
independent Director (upto 10.08.2026) and Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director, as the Committee members, while 
Madhura Singh, is a Secretary to the Committee.
 Pursuant to Regulation 20(4) read with Part D of Schedule - II to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the terms of reference, roles and responsibilities, of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee shall be as follows:
i) Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the Company including complaints related to transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate 
certificates, general meetings etc.
ii) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
iii) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered 
by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.
iv) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed 
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports statutory notices by the shareholders of 
the Company.
v) Such other functions as per Regulation 20(4) read with Part- D of Schedule - II to the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended).
[page 68]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
63
 Meeting and attendance
 One (1) meetings of the Stakeholder & Relationship Committee were held during the Financial Year 2025-26 ended 31st 
March 2026 on (1) 8th August, 2025.
Attendance
Name of Director Mr. Sanjay Sacheti Mr. Sunil Khanna Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar Mr. Lalit Bhandari
No. of Meetings 
Attended / Entitled 1 /1 1/1 NA 1 / 1
6. SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE
 Objective
 This Committee is responsible to consider, review and ratify, all the transfer, transmission, transposition, deletion of 
name, re-materialisation of shares, issue of duplicate shares, consolidation, splitting of shares and ratify dematerialisation 
of shares, duly approved by the Company Secretary and in his absence, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on 
regular basis to comply with the directions issued by the SEBI and such other functions or activities as may be assigned 
or delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company and/or pursuant to the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and the 
Listing Regulations.
 Composition
 The Board of Directors has, constituted including re-constituted, the Share Transfer Committee of the Company, from 
time to time in due compliance of applicable provisions of laws, rules and regulation governing it. The composition 
of Share Transfer Committee are Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Managing Director as its Chairman and Mr. Sanjay 
Sacheti, Non-executive, Independent Director, Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director and Ms. Ulka Kulkarni, Non-
executive, Independent Director, as the Committee members, while Madhura Singh, was a Secretary to the Committee.
7. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE (CSR)
 The Company is an eligible Company qualifying under Section 135(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 (as amended) for undertaking the Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) activities as per the Company’s CSR Policy during the financial year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 
2026.
 The Board of Directors has, constituted including re-constituted, the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee 
of the Company, from time to time in due compliance of applicable provisions of laws, rules and regulation governing it. 
The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee are constituted with Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Managing 
Director as its Chairman and Mr. Sanjay Sacheti, Non-executive, Independent Director, Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time 
Director and Ms. Ulka Kulkarni Non-executive, Independent Director, as the Committee members, while Madhura Singh, 
was a Secretary to the Committee.
 During the financial year 2025-26 ended 31st March 2026, the CSR Committee had Two (2) meetings held on 23rd May 
2025 and 13th February 2026, which were attended by the members as under:-
Name of Director Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj 
Bhandari
Mr. Sanjay 
Sacheti
Mr. Lalit 
Bhandari
Mr. Mayank 
Bhandari
Ms. Ulka 
Kulkarni
No. of Meetings 
 Attended / Entitled 2/2 2/2 2/2 1/2 2/2
 The Terms of Reference of the Committee is as follows:-
(i) formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy which shall indicate the 
activities to be undertaken either by the Company or through implementing agency as specified in Schedule VII to 
the Companies Act, 2013 as amended from time to time;
(ii) recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred to in clause (a); 
(iii) monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy of the Company from time to time;
(iv) such other functions or activities as may be assigned or delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors of 
the Company and/or pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate 
[page 69]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
64
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 / Listing 
Regulations].
 Disclosures
Sr. 
No. Particulars Amount
1 Average net profits of the Company for last three 
(3) financial years Rs. 3427.87 Lakh
2 Prescribed CSR Expenditure [two percent (2%) of 
the amount as in item 1 above] Rs. 68.55 Lakh
3 Details of CSR spent during the financial year
(2023-24):-
a) Total amount spent for the FY2024-25
a) Amount unspent, if any;
b) Manner in which the amount spent during the 
FY 2025-26
Rs. 68.55 Lakh
The Company has spent Rs.68.55 Lakh against the 
mandated Rs.68.55 Lakh during the financial year 2025-
26. Hence, there is no unspent amount.
The manner in which the amount spent is detailed in the 
Annex - C to Board’s Report.
 The details pertaining to the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities together with details of expenditure is 
enclosed and attached as an Annex – C to the Boards’ Report of the Company.
8. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (RMC)
 The Risk Management Committee (RMC) is required to lay down the procedures for risk assessment, risk minimization 
procedures and in turn, the Board shall be responsible for framing, implementing and monitoring the risk management 
plan of the Company.
 The Business Risk Evaluation and Management (BREM) is an ongoing process within the Organization. The Company 
has a robust risk management framework to identify, monitor and minimize risks as also identify business opportunities. 
The objectives and scope of the Risk Management Committee broadly comprises:-
(1)  To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:
(a)  A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically facedby the listed entity, in particular 
including financial, operational, sectoral,sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), information, cyber 
security risks or
 any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
(b)  Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal
 control of identified risks.
(c)  Business continuity plan.
(2)  To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated 
with the business of the Company;
(3)  To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including 
evaluating the adequacy of risk management systems;
(4)  To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, 
including by considering the changing industry dynamics and evolving 
complexity;
(5)  To keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its 
discussions, recommendations and actions to be taken;
(6)  The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer 
(if any) shall be subject to review by the Risk Management Committee.
(7)  Oversight of risk management performed by the executive management; Reviewing the BREM policy and 
framework in line with local and legal requirements and SEBI guidelines; and
(8) Reviewing risks and evaluate treatment including initiating mitigation actions and ownership as per a pre-defined 
cycle.
 T he Board of Directors has, constituted including re-constituted, the Risk Management Committee of the Company, 
from time to time in due compliance of applicable provisions of laws, rules and regulation governing it. Risk 
[page 70]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
65
Management Committee comprises of the Directors and Senior Executives as its Members, as follows: -
 Members
Mr. Lalit Bhandari Chairman
Mr. Arun Bhandari Member
Mr. Sunil Khanna (upto 10.08.2026) Member
Mr. Raj Sethia (from 10.08.2026) Member
Mr. Tenneti Narasimham Murthy Member
9. PROJECT MONITORING COMMITTEE (PMC)
 Objective
(a) To monitor implementation of capital projects as to timeline, investments, milestones, objectives, etc., in line with 
the Objects of the IPO and submit their recommendations and/or observations to the Board of Directors of the 
Company from time to time;
(b) To explore new capital projects to be implemented in the overall interest of the Company including its viability 
study, utility to the business affairs of the Company, cost – benefit analysis;
(c) To review and examine the progress of the capital projects in line with the authorisation, milestones, targets and 
Objectives;
(d) To foreclosing, dropping or modification in the components of the capital projects, within the overall approved 
Objectives, budget and timeframe;
(e) To update in timely interval to the Board of Directors of the Company about the progress of the capital projects; 
and
(f) Such other functions or activities as may be assigned or delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors of 
the Company and/or pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meetings of 
Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and the Listing Regulations.
Composition
 In view of implementation of new projects as provided in the Objects of the Issue (IPO), it is necessary to constitute the 
Project Monitoring Committee to look after the process and progress of these new projects. Accordingly, the Board of 
Directors of the Company has constituted the Project Monitoring Committee (PMC), as follows:-
 Chairman:     Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Chairman & Managing Director
 Members:     Mr. Sanjay Sacheti (Non-executive, Independent Director) and Mr. Lalit Bhandari, Whole-time Director.
 Secretary:     Madhura Singh, Company Secretary
 The meetings usually held at the Corporate Office of the Company at B-24, MIDC Industrial Area, Hingna Road, Nagpur 
440016. However, keeping up with changing times and in line with provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Most of the Board, Committee meetings and 
53rd Annual General Meeting in FY 2025-26 were held through permitted mode namely Video Conferencing and Other 
Audio-Visual Means.
10. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
 With the rapid expansion of business in terms of volume, value and geography, various risks associated with the business 
have also increased considerably. One such risk identified is the risk of fraud & misconduct. The Audit Committee 
is committed to ensure fraud-free work environment and in this directions, the Audit Committee had formulated the 
Whistle Blower Policy providing a platform to all the employees, vendors and customers to report any suspected or 
confirmed incident of fraud or misconduct through any of the reporting protocols.
 In order to instill more confidence amongst Whistle Blowers, the management of the reporting protocols were managed 
by an independent agency. Adequate safeguards have been provided in the Whistle Blower Policy to prevent victimization 
of anyone who is using this platform and direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee is also available in 
exceptional cases.
[page 71]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
66
 This Whistle Blower Policy is applicable to all the Directors, employees, vendors and customers of the Company and it 
is also posted on the Website of the Company.
 The main objectives of the policy are as follows:-
(a) to protect the brand, reputation and assets of the Company from loss or damage, resulting from suspected or 
confirmed incidents of fraud /misconduct.
(b) to provide guidance to the employees, vendors and customers on reporting any suspicious activity and handling 
critical information and evidence.
(c) to provide healthy and fraud-free work culture.
(d) to recommend to the management for taking appropriate actions such as disciplinary action, termination of service, 
changes in policies & procedure and review of internal control systems;
(e) to review the policy from time to time
11. GENERAL MEETINGS
a)  Details of previous three (3) Annual General Meetings (AGM)
S. No AGM and Year Location Date Time
1. Fifty Second (52nd) 
AGM – 2025
Meeting conducted through VC / OA VM 
pursuant to the MCA Circular
Monday, 8th 
September, 2025
11:00 Hrs
2. Fifty First (51st ) 
AGM- 2024
Meeting conducted through VC / OA VM 
pursuant to the MCA Circular
Wednesday, 28th 
August, 2024
11:00 Hrs
3. Fiftieth (50th) AGM 
– 2023
Meeting conducted through VC / OA VM 
pursuant to the MCA Circular
Saturday, 26th 
August, 2023
11:00 Hrs
b)  Some special resolutions were passed at the above meetings.
c)  The Company has provided e-voting platform to the shareholders during all the previous 3 Annual General 
Meetings including the 52nd t Annual General Meeting held for the Financial Year 2025-26.
12. DISCLOSURES
(a) Related Party Disclosures
Related Party Relationship
MMP Electricals Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary
MMP Alutech Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary
MMP Cables Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Star Circlips & Engineering Limited
Associate Company
Toyal MMP India Private Limited Associate (Joint Venture) Company
Mayank Fasteners Private Limited
Rohini Horticulture Private Limited Promoter & Promoter Group Company
Mrs. Saroj Arun Bhandari
Mrs. Sakshi Mayank Bhandari
Ms. Rohini Arun Bhandari
Relatives of Chairman & Managing Director, Belonging to the Promoter 
and Promoter Group
Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari Chairman & Managing Director, Designated Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP), Belonging to the Promoter and Promoter Group
Mr. Lalit Bhandari Whole-time Director, Designated Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), 
Belonging to the Promoter and Promoter Group
Mr. Tenneti Narasimham Murthy Whole-time Director, Designated Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari Director, (Category -Promoter, Non-Executive) Belonging to the 
Promoter and Promoter Group
CA Sharad Mohanlal Khandelwal Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Designated Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP)
Madhura Singh Company Secretary (CS), Designated Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
[page 72]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
67
13. Transactions  with the related parties :
Sr. 
No. Name of Related Party Relationship Particulars
Amount
(Rupees in 
Lakh)
1. Star Circlips & Engineering
 Limited
Associate Company Purchase of Goods 1.49
2. Mayank Fasteners Private
 Limited
Promoter Group Company Payment of Office Rent 3.00
3. Mrs. Saroj Arun Bhandari Relative of CMD (KMP) / 
Promoter Group
Remuneration by way of Salary 61.98
4. Mrs. Sakshi Mayank
 Bhandari
Relative of CMD (KMP) / 
Promoter Group
Remuneration by way of Salary 25.83
5. Ms. Rohini Arun Bhandari Relative of CMD (KMP) / 
Promoter Group
Payment against Legal Advisory 
and Consultancy Services
30.00
6. Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj 
Bhandari
CMD (KMP) / Promoter Remuneration by way of Salary 134.40
7. Mr. Lalit Bhandari WTD (KMP) / Promoter 
Group
Remuneration by way of Salary 35.13
8. Mr. Tenneti Narasimham
 Murthy
Whole-time Director Remuneration by way of Salary 23.69
9. CA Sharad Mohanlal 
Khandelwal
Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO),
Remuneration by way of Salary 31.71
10. Madhura Singh Company Secretary (CS), Remuneration by way of Salary 10.67
11. MMP Electricals Private
 Limited
Wholly Owned Subsidairy Investment 400.00
12. MMP Alutech Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidairy Investment 25.00
13. MMP Cables Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidairy Investment 500.00
14. Disclosures under Section 22 & 28 of the Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
& Redressal) Act, 2013
 The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013. The Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) 
has been set up to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment. All employees (permanent, contractual, 
temporary, trainees) are covered under this Policy.
 The following is the Summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed-off during the financial year 
2025-26 ended 31st March 2026:-
Number of Complaints received NIL Number of Complaints disposed off NIL
15. Credit Rating
 The Company has neither issued any debt instruments nor undertaken any fixed deposit program or any scheme or 
proposal involving mobilization of funds, whether in India or abroad. However, the details of credit rating assigned to 
the Company for its credit facilities are given below:-
Credit Facilities Credit Rating
Long-Term Rating CRISIL BBB+/Stable
2Short-Term Rating CRISIL A2
16. Compliance with Regulators
 The Company has duly complied with the all the requirements of regulatory authorities in capital markets and There has 
been no instance of non-compliance by the Company on any matters related to the capital markets, nor have any penalty 
or strictures been imposed on the Company by the SEBI, Stock Exchanges or any other statutory authorities on such 
matters, for the last 3 (Three) Financial Year.
[page 73]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
68
17. Other Disclosures
(a) Transactions with related parties, as per requirements of Ind-AS 24, are disclosed in the notes to Financial 
Statements, part and parcel of Annual Report of the Company.
(b) The total fees paid by the Company, to the Statutory Auditors during the Financial Year 2025-26 is ₹2,52,000/-
(c) There are no materially significant transactions with the related parties, viz. Promoters, Directors, KMP , their 
relatives or Subsidiaries that had potential conflict with the Company’s interest. Suitable disclosures as required 
by the Ind AS 24 have been made in the Annual Report of the Company.
(d) The Company has followed all relevant Accounting Standards notified by the Companies (Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2006 while preparing Financial Statements of the Company.
(e) There are no pecuniary relationships or transactions of Independent Directors vis-à-vis the Company which has 
potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
(f) During the financial year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 2026, the Company does not have any material listed and 
unlisted Subsidiary Company(ies) as defined in Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations. The Board has 
approved a policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries which has been uploaded on the Company’s website 
https://mmpil.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/MMP-Policy-for-Determining-Material-Subsidiary.pdf
(g) The Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of ‘Independence’ as stipulated under Section 
149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made there under, and Regulations 16(1)(b) and 25 of the 
Listing Regulations, as the case may be.
18. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
(a)  The quarterly and annual financial results are being furnished to Stock Exchanges and normally published in 
Indian Express in English and Loksatta in Marathi in Nagpur Edition and Financial Express, Mumbai Edition. The 
quarterly and annual financial results are also displayed on the Company’s Notice Board as well as uploaded on 
the Company’s website https://mmpil.com/investor-info-demo/.
(b) Management Discussion and Analysis forms part of this Annual Report of the Company.
19. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(a) Fifty Third (53) Annual General Meeting Saturday, 12 th September, 2026 at 11.00 A.M. through Video 
Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Video Mode (OA VM)
(b) Book Closure Dates
 Record Date for Dividend
 Cut-off Date for E-voting
Monday, 7th September, 2026 to Saturday 12 th September, 2026 
(both days inclusive)
Saturday, 5th September, 2026
Saturday, 5th September, 2026
(c) Financial Calendar
Unaudited Results for the Quarter (Q-1) ending  
30th June 2026
Unaudited Results for the Quarter (Q-2) ending  
30th September 2026
Unaudited Results for the Quarter (Q-3) ending  
31st December 2026
Audited Results for the Quarter (Q-4) / year ending  
31st March 2026
 
upto 14 August, 2026 or such extended permissible timeline
upto 14 November 2026 or such extended permissible timeline
upto 14 February 2027 or such extended permissible timeline
upto 30 May 2027 or such extended permissible timeline
(d) Listing of Equity Shares
For the Financial Year 2025-26, the Equity Shares 
of the Company were listed with National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited
Listing fees for the Financial Year 2025-26 has already 
been paid to the Stock Exchange.
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051, MH, IN
(e) Equity Shares - Stock Codes
 Trading symbol at Stock Exchanges
 Demat ISI Number in NSDL & CDSL
MMP
INE511Y01018
[page 74]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
69
(f) Registrar & Share Transfer Agent and process of 
transfer of shares
M/s Bigshare Services Private Limited, Pinnacle Business Park, 
Office No S6-2, 6th, Mahakali Caves Rd, next to Ahura Centre, 
Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400093 have been acting 
as the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. All the Shareholders and 
Investors related Services, subject to the approval of the Company 
either through Board or Committee of the Board, are done by the said 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for and on behalf of the Company.
(g) Stock Market Data
 The high and low (based on daily closing) prices recorded on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE) are as under:-
Month Share Price of MMP (NSE) Trade VolumeHigh Low
April 2025 286.45 228.20 6,80,899
May 2025 287.00 231.50 7,89,338
June 2025 298.72 239.98 12,60,203
July 2025 318.00 261.25 10,00,881
August 2025 290.05 235.55 6,76,787
September 2025 298.05 269.00 3,75,124
October 2025 295.00 257.35 4,66,475
November 2025 295.90 252.50 3,64,414
December 2025 266.00 242.35 2,14,506
January 2026 281.10 237.60 2,63,303
February 2026 269.00 235.05 3,95,799
March 2026 246.99 185.20 5,45,846
 Note: For disclosure and comparison purpose the performance of Nifty 50 (Index) is taken into account.
(h) Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March 2026
No of Equity Shares
Number
Shareholders Value of Shares
% Amount in 
Rupees
%
1 5000 9450 86.77 10177270 4.00
5001 10000 707 6.46 5674140 2.23
10001 20000 344 3.15 5270480 2.07
20001 30000 110 1.00 2758070 1.09
30001 40000 76 0.69 2756570 1.09
40001 50000 50 0.46 2348760 0.92
50001 100000 78 0.71 6166270 2.42
100001 25402613 83 0.76 218874570 86.16
TOTAL 10938 100.00 254026130 100.00
 * The difference of 188 (10938 less 10750) shareholders in the total number of shareholders, is due to 
elimination of number of shareholders holding equity shares in the capital of the Company, having multiple 
demat accounts with same IT PAN. The SEBI directed the RTA’s to provide the pattern of shareholding to 
listed entity, after clubbing and eliminating the shareholders having multiple folios or demat account with 
same IT PAN while filing shareholding pattern on quarterly basis with the Stock Exchanges.
[page 75]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
70
(i)  Pattern of Shareholdings as on 31st March 2026
Sr. 
No. Category No. of 
Shareholders
No. of Equity 
Shares Percentage (%)
A Promoters and Promotor Group
i) Indian
 a) Individuals
 b) Body Corporate
6
3
12854420
6066359
50.60
23.88
ii) Foreign
 a) Individuals
 b) Body Corporate
--
--
--
--
--
--
Total (A) 9 18920779 74.48
B Public
i) Institutions
a) -- -- --
b) -- -- --
c) -- -- --
d) -- -- --
e) 2 5369 0.021
f) -- -- --
g) -- -- --
h) -- -- --
Sub Total (B-1) 2 5369 0.021
ii) Central Government / State 
Government
-- -- --
Sub Total (B-2) -- -- --
iii) Non-Institutions
Relatives of Directors 2 3725 0.014
a) Individuals 10043 4770438 18.779
b) NBFC registered with RBI -- -- --
c) Employee Trust -- -- --
d) Overseas Depositories -- -- --
e) Bodies Corporate 111 1031924 4.062
f) Any Other -
i) Clearing Members 5 5780 0.02
ii) NRI’s 256 242748 0.95
iii) HUF’s 322 421850 1.66
Sub Total (B-3) 10739 5073711 25.49
Total (B) 10741 6481834 25.52
TOTAL (A + B) 10750 25402613 100.00
(i) Dematerialization of Shares and Trading at Stock Exchanges (Liquidity)
 The equity shares of the Company are compulsorily traded in electronic form only. As on 31 st March 2026, there 
were 2,54,02,613 equity shares dematerialized through depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited 
and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, which represents 100% of the total paid-up capital of the 
Company.
[page 76]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
71
(j) Plant Location
Unit 1: MMP Industries Limited, Village Maregaon, Post Shahapur, Dist. Bhandara - 441906, MH, IN.
Unit 2: H. M. Engineering (I & II), B-16/2 and B-16/6, MIDC Butibori, Nagpur - 441122, MH, IN.
Unit 3: Mars Industries, Village Neri, P.O. Warthi, Tah. Mohadi, Dist. Bhandara – 441905, MH, IN.
Unit 4: NPM Industries, B-28, MIDC area, Hingna Road, Digdoh, Hingna, Nagpur - 440016, MH, IN.
Unit 5: MMP Industries Limited, Plot No. D-15/2 & D-16, MIDC Umred, Umred 441203, MH, IN.
ADDRESS FOR CORRESPONDENCE OF SHAREHOLDERS / INVESTORS
For all matters relating to Shares & Dematerialization 
of shares be sent to
For all matters relating to Annual Reports / Dividend 
/ Grievances
M/s. Bigshare Services Private Limited
Pinnacle Business Park, Office No S6-2, 6th, Mahakali 
Caves Rd, next to Ahura Centre, Andheri East, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra 400093
Phone : 022 – 62638200
Fax : 022 – 62638299
E-mail : investor@bigshareonline.com
Website : http://www.bigshareonline.com
Company Secretary
MMP Industries Limited
211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kingsway, Nagpur – 440001, MH, IN
Phone : 0712 - 2533 585
Fax  : 0712 - 2530 461
E-Mail  : companysecretary@mmpil.com
Website : https://www.mmpil.com
20. CEO/CFO Certificate on Corporate Governance
 The Company has also obtained a certificate from the CEO / CFO of the Company regarding compliance in terms of Part 
B of Schedule II read with Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations.
21. Certificate on Corporate Governance
 The Company has obtained a certificate regarding compliance stipulation of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the 
Listing Regulations from M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 
& Certificate of Practice No. 18495] and the same is reproduced hereunder.
 The Company has also obtained a certificate of non-disqualification of Directors from M/s. Vaibhav Jachak & Co, 
Company Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 & Certificate of Practice No. 18495] pursuant to 
Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the Listing Regulations and the same is also reproduced 
hereunder.
22. Confirmation of Compliance
i)  The Company has duly complied with submission of Annual Secretarial Compliance Report obtained from M/s. 
Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company Secretaries, Nagpur [ICSI Membership No. FCS-8821 & Certificate of Practice 
No. 18495], for the Financial Year 2025-26 pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) [Listing Regulations] 
read with the SEBI Circular bearing No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019 dated 08 th February, 2019, with the Stock 
Exchange NSE.
ii) The Company has complied with the requirements specified in Regulation 15(2) [Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses 
(b) to (t) of the Regulation 46(2)] of the Listing Regulations. It has also fully complied with the requirements of 
Part C, D and E of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations applicable to the Corporate Governance Report.
NON-MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS
1. Shareholder Rights
 All the important information pertaining to the Company are uploaded and posted from time to time on the 
Company’s website www.mmpil.com.
2. Postal Ballot
 No resolutions were passed by postal ballot in FY 2025-26.
3. Report on Corporate Governance
 This chapter “Report on Corporate Governance” of the Annual Report – together with the information given under 
“Management Discussion and Analysis” constitutes a detailed compliance report on Corporate Governance during 
the Financial Year 2025-26 ended 31st March 2026 under review.
[page 77]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
72
4. Reporting of Internal Auditors
 The Internal Auditors report to the Audit Committee and/or Board of Directors of the Company from time to time.
5. Audit Qualifications
 The Company’s financial statements for the financial year 2025-26 ended 31 st March 2026 does not contain any audit 
qualifications / remarks.
                                      For and on behalf of the Board
             Sd/-                 Sd/-
                          Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari                                  Lalit Bhandari
Place: Nagpur                         Managing Director                                   Whole-time Director
Date: 10.08.2026                                       DIN - 00008901                                   DIN - 00010934
[page 78]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
73
Certificate on compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance
To
The Shareholders (Members)
MMP Industries Limited
CIN : L32300MH1973PLC030813
Registered Office: 211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kingsway, Nagpur 440001, MH, IN
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by MMP Industries Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as ‘the Company’) for the financial year 2025-2026 ended 31 March 2026, as stipulated in Regulation 15(2) [Regulation 
17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and Para C. D and E of Schedule V] of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [as amended], (hereinafter referred to as SEBI 
Listing Regulations’)
Managements’ Responsibility
The compliance of conditions of the Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. This 
responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance 
with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring 
the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the 
financial statements of the Company.
We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the 
purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
Opinion
Based on our examination of the relevant records and accordingly, to the information and explanations provided to us together 
with the representations provided by the Company Management, and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India and also, the limitation for verification of physical records of 
the Company, some of which were obtained through electronic mode, we certify that the Company has complied with the 
conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulation 15(2) [Regulation 17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 
46(2) and Para C, D and E of Schedule V] of the SEBI Listing Regulations for the financial year 2025-2026 ended 31st March 
2026;
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the further viability of the Company nor the efficiency or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Signed and Issued on this Monday, 10th day of August, 2026 at Nagpur.
For V AIBHA V JACHAK & CO.
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS V AIBHA V YASHWANT JACHAK
Proprietor
Company Secretary in Practice
M No. FCS —8821, CoP No. 18495
UDIN: F008821H001069023
[page 79]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
74
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)]
To
The Shareholders (Members)
MMP Industries Limited 
CIN: L32300MH1973PLC030813
Registered Office: 211, Shri Mohini, 345, Kingsway, Nagpur 440001, MH, IN
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and declarations or disclosures received from all the Director/s 
of MMP Industries Limited, [CIN - L32300MH 1973PLC030813], and having its Registered Office at 211, Shri Mohini, 
345, Kingsway, Nagpur— 440001, MH, IN, (hereinafter referred to as the Company’), produced before us by the Company 
for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V , Para C, Clause 10(i), of 
the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [as amended].
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations together with representations furnished 
to us by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives, and considering the relaxation/s granted by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India and also, the limitation for verification of physical 
record/s of the Company, which were obtained through electronic mode, We do hereby certify that None of the Director/s 
on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year 2025-2026 ended 31 March 2026 have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as the Director/s of Company or Companies by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (SEBI), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), or any such other Statutory Authority:-
Sr.
No.
Name of Director DIN Date of appointment
in Company
1. Mr. Arun Raghuvir Raj Bhandari 00008901 05/02/1981
2. Mr. Lalit Bhandari 00010934 01/08/2008
3. Mr. Sanjay Sacheti 00271310 01/06/2022
4. Mr. Sunil Khanna 00907147 07/05/2018
5. Mr. Vijay Singh Bapna 02599024 07/05/2018
6. Ms. Ulka Kulkarni 07085469 06/11/2023
7. Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar 06890618 08/08/2025
8. Mr. Narasimham Murthy Tenneti 08342116 02/02/2019
9. Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari 01176865 27/10/2021
10. Ms. Rohini Bhandari 06458838 08/08/2025
Ensuring the eligibility of, for the appointment or continuity of every Director on the Board, is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these, based on our verification. This certificate is 
neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management 
has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Signed and Issued on this Monday, 10th day of August, 2026 at Nagpur.
For V AIBHA V JACHAK & CO.
Company Secretaries
SD/-
CS V AIBHA V YASHWANT JACHAK
Proprietor
Company Secretary in Practice
M No. FCS —8821, CoP No. 18495
UDIN: F008821H001069012
[page 80]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
75
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF,
MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED (the “Company”), 
which comprises the Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including 
the Standalone Other Comprehensive Income), the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows and the Standalone Statement of 
Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date and notes to the standalone financial statements, including a summary 
of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the standalone financial 
statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, (“the Act”) in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended (“Ind AS”), and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, and its standalone profits 
including standalone total comprehensive income / (losses), its standalone cash flows and the standalone changes in equity 
for the year ended on that date.
Basis of Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the “Auditor’ s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the standalone financial statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Company 
in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”) together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and 
the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of the most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters and to be communicated in our report. We have 
fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements 
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures 
designed to respond to our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements. The results 
of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit 
opinion on the accompanying standalone financial statements.
The Key Audit Matters How was the matter addressed in our Audit
Revenue Recognition (Refer “Note No. 1.4.(d) and “Note No. 29” of the Standalone Financial Statements)
Revenue is one of the key drivers of profitability and is 
therefore susceptible to the risk of material misstatement. The 
Company recognizes revenue net of applicable discounts, 
rebates, and other variable considerations. Accordingly, 
revenue from the sale of products has been identified as a 
Key Audit Matter. The key areas of judgment and estimation 
involved in revenue recognition include:
Our audit procedures in relation to revenue recognition 
included, among others, the following:
*    Assessed the appropriateness of the Company’s revenue 
recognition accounting policies in accordance with the 
applicable accounting standards.
[page 81]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
76
*    Determination of performance obligations: Assessing 
whether revenue recognition criteria are satisfied in 
accordance with the applicable accounting standards, 
including the identification and satisfaction of 
performance obligations.
*  Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls over revenue 
recognition, including controls over recording of sales, 
discounts, rebates, and related adjustments.
*  Estimation of variable consideration : Evaluating 
management’s estimates relating to discounts, rebates, 
and other incentives, which may impact the measurement 
of revenue.
*       Cut - off procedures: Ensuring that revenue is recognized 
in the correct accounting period, as inappropriate cut-
off may result in material misstatement of standalone 
financial results.
*    Tested, on a sample basis, revenue transactions recorded 
during the reporting period by verifying supporting 
documents such as sales invoices, dispatch documents, 
and customer purchase orders.
*  Performed cut-off testing by examining transactions 
recorded before and after the year-end to assess 
whether revenue has been recognized in the appropriate 
accounting period.
*      Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates 
relating to variable consideration, including discounts and 
rebates, by comparing historical trends and examining 
subsequent settlements, where applicable.
*    Performed analytical procedures on revenue, including 
comparison with prior periods and investigation of 
significant fluctuations and unusual trends.
*      Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the standalone financial statements in respect of 
revenue recognition.
Existence and Valuation of Inventories
The Company’s inventories as at the end of the reporting 
period amount to ₹ 15,616.57 Lakhs, representing 28.40% 
of the Company’s total assets (refer “Note No. 10”  of the 
standalone financial statements).
The existence of inventories has been identified as a Key Audit 
Matter due to the high risk involved, considering the nature 
and size of the inventory. The inventory primarily comprises 
items with relatively low value per unit but maintained in 
high volumes and stored across multiple locations / units 
of the Company. This increases the complexity in ensuring 
physical existence, completeness, and accuracy of inventory 
records.
Our audit procedures in relation to existence of inventories 
included, among others, the following:
*  Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls relating to inventory 
management, including controls over receipt, storage, 
issuance, and periodic physical verification.
*     Attended physical stock counts at selected locations / 
units of the Company, on a sample basis, and performed 
test counts to verify the existence and condition of 
inventory
*   Where physical verification was conducted by 
management at locations not attended by us, we reviewed 
the procedures followed and obtained management 
representation regarding the existence and condition of 
such inventories.
.*   Performed reconciliation of physical stock count results 
with inventory records and investigated significant 
differences, if any.
*   Tested inventory records on a sample basis by verifying 
supporting documents such as goods receipt notes, stock 
transfer records, and dispatch documents.
*  Performed analytical procedures to assess inventory 
levels in comparison with prior periods and investigated 
unusual movements or variances.
*      Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the standalone financial statements in respect of 
inventories.
[page 82]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
77
Carrying Value of Trade Receivables
As at March 31, 2026, trade receivables constitute 
approximately 16.05% of the total assets of the Company 
(refer “Note No. 11” of the standalone financial statements). 
The Company is required to regularly assess the recoverability 
of its trade receivables.
The Company applies the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model 
for the measurement and recognition of impairment loss on 
trade receivables. The impairment allowance is determined 
using a provision matrix, which is based on historically 
observed default rates over the expected life of receivables 
and is adjusted for forward-looking information.
This has been identified as a Key Audit Matter due to the 
significant judgment involved in determining the assumptions 
used in the provision matrix, including historical default 
rates, ageing profiles, and forward-looking estimates, which 
may have a material impact on the standalone financial 
statements.
Our audit procedures in relation to impairment of trade 
receivables included, among others, the following:
* Assessed the appropriateness of the Company’s 
accounting policy for impairment of financial assets in 
accordance with the applicable accounting standards.
*  Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls over credit control, 
monitoring of receivables, and estimation of expected 
credit losses.
*  Obtained an understanding of the methodology used 
by management for computing ECL, including the 
construction and application of the provision matrix.
*  Tested the accuracy and completeness of data used in the 
ECL computation, including ageing of receivables, by 
verifying underlying records on a sample basis.
*  Assessed the reasonableness of historical default rates 
used in the provision matrix by comparing with past 
trends and actual credit loss experience.
*  Evaluated the appropriateness of forward-looking 
adjustments applied by management, including 
consideration of current and expected economic 
conditions.
*  Reviewed subsequent collections from 
customers to assess the recoverability of 
outstanding receivables as at the reporting date.
*  Performed external balance confirmations 
on a sample basis and followed up on non-
responses or differences, where applicable.
*  Examined specific overdue and high-value receivable 
balances to assess whether additional provisions were 
required.
*  Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the standalone financial statements in respect of 
trade receivables and impairment thereof.
Capital Work-in-Progress / Property, Plants and Equipment
The Company has significant investments in Property, 
Plants and Equipment and Capital Work-in-Progress. The 
accounting treatment of these assets involves management 
judgment and estimation in respect of identification of 
directly attributable costs, capitalization of expenditures, 
determination of the date when assets are ready for intended 
use, allocation of borrowing costs, assessment of useful lives, 
and evaluation of indicators of impairment.
Further, the volume and value of additions during the year and 
the judgment involved in determining whether expenditures 
should be capitalized or charged to the Standalone Statement 
of Profit and Loss increase the risk of material misstatement. 
Accordingly, this area was considered significant in our audit.
Our audit procedures in relation to Property, Plants and 
Equipment and Capital Work-in-Progress included, among 
others:
*  Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness 
of key internal controls over capital expenditure and 
capitalization process.
*  Verified, on a sample basis, supporting documents 
relating to additions, including invoices, contracts and 
other relevant records.
*  Assessed whether expenditures capitalized met the 
recognition criteria under applicable Indian accounting 
standards.
*  Tested management's assessment regarding the 
classification of assets between Capital Work-in-Progress 
and Property, Plants and Equipment
[page 83]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
78
*  Evaluated the appropriateness of capitalization of 
borrowing costs, where applicable.
*  Assessed the basis of determining useful lives and 
depreciation methods applied by management.
*  Reviewed management's assessment for impairment 
indicators relating to Property, Plants and Equipment and 
Capital Work-in-Progress.
*  Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures made in the 
standalone financial statements.
Loss arising from Fire Incidents (Refer “Note No. 52” of the Standalone Financial Statements”)
During the year, a fire incident occurred at the Company's 
manufacturing facility resulting in damage to inventories, 
Property, Plants and Equipment and disruption of business 
operations. The Company recognized losses arising from 
damaged assets and related expenditures and also recognized 
/ assessed insurance claim receivables in respect of such 
losses.
The accounting treatment of losses arising from the fire 
incident involved significant management judgment in 
determining the quantum of loss incurred, identification and 
measurement of damaged assets, estimation of recoverable 
amounts from insurance claims, and assessment of the 
appropriateness of disclosures in the standalone financial 
statements. Due to the significance of the amounts involved 
and the judgments applied by management, this matter was 
considered to be one of the most significant matters in our 
audit.
Our audit procedures in relation to the fire incident included, 
among others:
*  Obtained an understanding of the circumstances 
surrounding the fire incident and discussed the matter 
with management.
*  Obtained an understanding of the circumstances 
surrounding the fire incident and discussed the matter 
with management.
*    Examined relevant documents including insurance 
policies, claim applications, surveyor reports, and 
correspondence with insurance companies.
*  Verified, on a sample basis, the losses recognized relating 
to inventories and Property, Plants and Equipment with 
supporting records.
*  Assessed the appropriateness of management's 
methodology and assumptions used in determining the 
estimated losses and insurance claim receivables.
*  Evaluated the basis of recognition and measurement of 
insurance recoveries in accordance with the applicable 
accounting framework.
*  Reviewed the accounting treatment of exceptional items, 
if any.
*  Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the standalone financial statements in relation to 
the fire incident and its financial impact.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexure to 
the Board’s Report, Report on Corporate Governance, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report and Shareholder’s 
information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, standalone financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements, or our 
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information; we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act 
with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the standalone financial 
position, the standalone financial performance including the standalone other comprehensive income / (losses), standalone 
cash flows and standalone changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting principle generally accepted in 
[page 84]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
79
India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified under section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, time to time. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company 
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentations of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Company’s management and Board of Directors either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
● Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal controls.
● Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements in 
● Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Company’s Management and Board of Directors.
● Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
● Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable users of the standalone financial statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in 
evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial 
statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
[page 85]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
80
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub - section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the Annexure “A”, a statement on the matters 
specified in paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the said Order.
2.  As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit, we report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books.
c.. The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss including the Standalone Other 
Comprehensive Income / (Losses), the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows and the Standalone Statement of 
Changes in Equity dealt with this Reports are in agreement with the relevant books of account.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards as 
specified under section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended, time to time.
e. On the basis of the written representation received from the directors as on March 31, 2026, taken on the record by 
the Board of Directors, none of directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026, from being appointed as a director 
in term of section 164(2) of the Act.
f. With respect to adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements 
of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such control, refer to our separate report in Annexure “B”. Our 
report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements.
g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, time to time, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid / provided by the Company to its directors during the reporting 
period is in accordance with the provision of section 197 of the Act.
h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Independent Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, time to time, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us;
(i) The Company has disclosed, wherever applicable, the impact of pending litigations on its standalone financial 
position in the standalone financial statements. (Refer “Note No. 47” of the standalone financial statements”)
(ii) The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material 
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts.
(iii) There has been no delay in transferring the amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
[page 86]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
81
iv) a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed fund or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entities, including the foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
b)  The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person 
or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
c)  Based on such audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
(v)  As stated in “Note No. 50” to the standalone financial statements:
a)  The final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid during the reporting period was in 
compliance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
b) During the reporting period and upto the date of this report, the Company has not declared or paid any 
interim dividend, in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
c)  The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend for the period ended March 31, 2026, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders at their ensuing Annual General Meeting, in accordance with section 
123 of the Act, as applicable.
(vi)  Based on our examination, which included test check, the Company has used accounting software for 
maintaining its books of accounts for the financial period ended March 31, 2026, which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facilities and the same has operated throughout the period for all the relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. Further, during the course of our audit, we did not come across 
any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit trails have been preserved by the 
Company as per the requirement for record retention
.
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
 For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0138430W
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
[page 87]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
82
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to in Paragraph 1 under “Report on the Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements” Section of our report of Even Date)
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of accounts and records 
examined by us in the normal course of our audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
1.  In respect of the Company’s Property, Plants and Equipment and Intangible assets;
 a) i)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including the quantitative details and  
  situation of property, plants and equipment.
 ii)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of its intangible assets, including 
details of description, location (wherever applicable), and relevant quantitative information.
b)  The Company has a regular program at reasonable interval for physical verification of property, plants and 
equipment including capital work-in-progress, so as to cover all the assets, the periodicity of physical verification, 
in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and nature of its assets. According to the 
information and explanation given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such physical verification.
c)  Based on our examination of the property tax receipts and lease agreement for land on which building is constructed, 
registered sale deed / transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the title deeds in respect of self-
constructed buildings and title deeds of all other immovable properties (other than properties where the Company 
is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favor of the Company), disclosed in the standalone 
financial statements and included under property, plants and equipment and capital work-in-progress are held in 
the name of the Company as at the Balance Sheet date. In respect of the immovable properties taken on lease 
by the Company, the lease agreements are held in the name of the Company as at the Balance Sheet date, if any.
d)  The Company has not revalued any of its property, plants and equipment and intangible assets during the reporting 
period.
e)  According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, no proceeding has been initiated during the reporting period or are pending against the Company as 
at March 31, 2026, for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as 
amended in 2016) and Rules made thereunder.
2.  In respect of Company’s inventories;
a)  As explained to us, inventories except goods-in-transit and the stock lying with third parties have been physically 
verified during the year by the management at reasonable intervals. In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, in respect of stock lying with third parties at the end of the year, written confirmations 
have been obtained. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable. In our opinion, and according 
to information and explanations given to us, the coverage and the procedure adopted by the management for the 
physical verification are appropriate considering the size and the nature of the products dealt in by the Company. 
As explained to us, there were no discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventories that 
were noticed on such physical verification of inventories. However, any other discrepancies, if any, noticed on 
such physical verification have been properly dealt with in the books of accounts.
b)  During the reporting period, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limit in excess of five crore rupees, 
in aggregate, at point of time during the reporting period, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of 
security of current assets. In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the quarterly 
returns and the statements (stock statements, book debts statements, statement of ageing analysis of debtor / other 
receivable) filed by the Company with such banks or financial institutions are in agreement with the books of 
accounts of the Company.
3.  The Company has made investments in, provided any guarantee or security or granted any loans or advances in the 
nature of loans, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or other parties, during the 
reporting period, in respect of which;
 a) A)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has granted loans or advances in the nature of loans, and provided guarantees to its 
wholly owned subsidiaries company. The aggregate amount of loans and advances and guarantee provided, 
during the reporting period, are ` 215.00 Lakhs and ` 3,288.00 Lakhs and balance outstanding as at the date 
of the standalone financial statements are ` NIL and ` 6,688.00 Lakhs. The Company has no provided any 
securities to its subsidiary, associate or joint ventures.
[page 88]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
83
 a) B)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, nor has it provided 
any guarantees or security to any other entities, during the reporting period. Accordingly, the reporting 
requirement under clause 3(iii)(a)(B) of the said Order is not applicable.
b)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the terms and conditions in respect 
of investments made, loans and advances in the nature of loans granted, and guarantees provided are, prima facie, 
not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
c)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, in respect of loans and advances in 
the nature of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has 
been stipulated, and the repayments of principal and receipts of interest are generally regular in accordance with 
such stipulations.
d)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no overdue amounts in respect of loans and advances in the nature of loans outstanding for 
more than ninety days as at the date of the standalone balance sheet.
e)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, no loans or advances in the nature of loans granted to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or 
any other parties, which had fallen due during the year, have been renewed or extended, nor have any fresh loans 
been granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to the same parties.
f)  The Company has granted loans or advances in the nature of loans, either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment, to promoters and related parties as defined under section 2(76) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, during the year;
(Amount ` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars All Parties Promotor’s Related Parties
1. Aggregate of loans or advances in the nature 
of loan, repayable on demand / specific terms 
and conditions
`215.00 -- ` 215.00
2. Percentage of loans or advances in the nature 
of total loans
100.00% -- 100.00%
 The Company has not made any investment in firms or limited liabilities partnership, during the reporting period. 
Further, the Company has not provided any guarantees or security, nor has it granted any loans or advances in the 
nature of loans, whether secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties 
during the reporting period.
4.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has complied with the provision of section 185 and section 186 of the Act, in 
respect of grant of loans, provided guarantees or securities, or making any investments.
5.  The Company has neither accepted any deposits from public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be the 
deposits of the Company within the meaning of section 73 to section 76 of the Companies Act, 2013, and rules made 
thereunder, during the reporting period. Accordingly, the requirement to report under clause 3(v) of the said Order is not 
applicable.
6.  We have broadly reviewed the cost records maintained by the Company pursuant to the Companies (Cost Records and 
Audit) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, prescribed by the Central Government under section 148(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, in respect of the Company’s products / services to which the said Rules are applicable. Based 
on such review, we are of the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed cost records have been made and maintained. 
However, we have not carried out a detailed examination of such cost records with a view to determining whether they 
are accurate or complete.
7.  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, 
in respect of statutory dues;
a)  The Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including goods and service tax, 
provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income tax, sales tax, service tax, duties of custom, duties of excise, 
value added tax, cess, and other material statutory dues applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. According 
to the information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of aforesaid statutory 
dues were outstanding as at March 31, 2026, for a period of more than six months from the date they became 
payable.
[page 89]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
84
b)  According to the information and explanation given to us, there are no material statutory dues referred to in sub-
clause (a) above which have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of any dispute.
8.  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, 
there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the reporting period in the tax assessments under the Income-tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the requirement to 
report under clause 3(viii) of the said Order is not applicable.
9. a)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us and based on our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans or other borrowings or in 
payment of interest thereon to any lender during the reporting period. Accordingly, the requirement to report under 
clause 3(ix)(a) of the said Order is not applicable..
b)  The Company has not been declared as a willful defaulter by banks or financial institutions or government or any 
government authority.
c)  The Company has not obtained any term loans during the reporting period, and there was no unutilized balance of 
term loans as at the beginning of the reporting period. Accordingly, the requirement to report under Clause 3(ix)(c) 
of the said Order is not applicable to the Company.
d)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the standalone financial 
statements of the Company, on an overall basis, funds raised on a short-term basis have, prima facie, not been used 
for long-term purposes by the Company during the reporting period.
e)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations 
of its subsidiaries, associates, or joint ventures, as defined under the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report under clause 3(ix)(e) of the said Order is not applicable.
f)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not raised any loans during the reporting period on the basis of pledge of securities held 
in its subsidiaries, joint ventures, or associate companies, as defined under the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, 
the requirement to report under clause 3(ix)(f) of the said Order is not applicable.
10.    a)  The Company has not raised any money by way of an initial public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the reporting period and hence the requirement to report under clause 3(x)(a) of the said Order 
is not applicable.
b)  The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures 
(fully or partly or optionally) and hence, the requirement to report under clause 3(x)(b) of the said Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
11. a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the  
 Company, and considering the principles of materiality as outlined in the Standards on Auditing, no fraud by the  
 Company and no material fraud on the Company by its officers or employees has been noticed or reported during  
 the reporting period.
b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed in Form ADT-
4, as prescribed under Rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, with the Central Government 
during the reporting period and up to the date of this report.
c)  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not received any whistle-blower complaints during the reporting period.
12.  The Company is not a Nidhi Company as prescribed under section 406 of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report under clause 3(xii) of the said Order is not applicable.
13.  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, 
all the transactions with related parties are in compliance with section 177 and section 188 of the Companies Act, 
2013, wherever applicable and details of such related party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone financial 
statements, under “Note No. 45 - the transactions with Related Parties” in accordance with the requirements of Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) - 24, “Related Party Disclosure” specified under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 
7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2014, as amended, time to time.
[page 90]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
85
14. a)  In our opinion, the Company has an adequate internal audit system, commensurate with the size and nature of its  
 business.
b)  We have considered the internal audit reports issued to the Company during the reporting period and up to the date 
of this report, covering the period up to March 31, 2026, in determining the nature, timing, and extent of our audit 
procedures.
15.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us based on our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors, or the persons connected 
with him, during the reporting period, hence provisions of section 192 of the Act are not applicable. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report under clause 3(xv) of the said Order is not applicable.
16. a)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the Company is not required to be  
 registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the requirement to report  
 under clause 3(xvi)(a) and (b) of the said Order is not applicable.
b)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the Company is not a core investment 
company (CIC), as defined in the regulation made by the Reserve Bank of India in Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016. Further, there is no core investment company within the Group. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report, under clause 3(xvi)(c) and (d) of the said Order are not applicable.
17.  The Company has not incurred any cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and in immediately 
preceding financial year, hence the requirement to report under clause 3(xvii) of the said Order is not applicable.
18.  There has been no resignation of the Statutory Auditor of the Company during the reporting period. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report under clause 3(xviii) of the said Order is not applicable.
19.  On the basis of financial ratios disclosed in the notes to standalone financial statements, Refer “Note No. 43”, ageing 
and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying 
the standalone financial statements, and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans, and based on 
our examination of evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which cause us to believe 
that any material uncertainty exists as at the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting 
its liabilities existing at the date of standalone balance sheet date as and when they fall due within a period of one year 
from the standalone balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not as assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of this audit report and we neither give 
any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the date of standalone 
balance sheet date, will be discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
20.  The Company has fully spent the amounts required to spent towards the corporate social responsibility activities, during 
in the reporting period with section 135 of the Act. Accordingly, there are no unspent amounts towards CSR as at the 
year-end, hence the requirement to report under clause 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) of the said Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
 For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0138430W
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
[page 91]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
86
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under “Report on the Other Regulatory Requirements” section of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements over the Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) of sub - section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements of “MMP INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED” (“the Company”) as at March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of 
the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements based on the criteria established by the Company, considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively to ensure the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements were established and maintained and whether such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A Company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company's internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets 
that could have a material effect on the standalone financial statements.
[page 92]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
87
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over the Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, including 
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Further, projections of any evaluation of internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements and such internal financial 
controls were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria for internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements established by the Company, considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“the ICAI”).
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
 For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0138430W
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
 
[page 93]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
88
 (` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note 31.03.2026
(`)
31.03.2025
(`)
A ASSETS
1 Non - Current Assets
Property, Plants and Equipment 2  23,825.88  22,042.52
Other Intangible Assets 3  -  7.10
Capital Work-in-Progress 4  1,708.46  2,258.62
Financial Assets
Investments 5  2,391.97  934.09
Loans 6  20.97  17.55
Other Financial Assets 7  554.18  600.46
Other Non - Current Assets 8  697.74  201.57
Current Tax Assets (Net) 9  -  78.66
Total Non - Current Assets  29,199.20  26,140.57
2 Current Assets
Inventories 10  15,616.57  13,472.16
Financial Assets
Trade Receivables 11  8,822.61  8,951.34
Cash and Cash Equivalents 12A  56.38  1,076.42
Other Balances with Banks 12B  4.29  2.88
Loans 13  24.00  301.48
Other Financial Assets 14  929.51  337.64
Other Current Assets 15  329.88  271.50
Total Current Assets  25,783.24  24,413.42
Total Assets  54,982.44  50,553.98
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
a) EQUITY
Equity Share Capital 16  2,540.26  2,540.26
Other Equity 17  27,863.10  25,846.55
 30,403.36  28,386.82
b) LIABILITIES
1 Non - Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 18  1,979.35  2,812.62
Long - Term Financial Liabilities 19  126.98  92.73
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 20  1,825.20  1,555.48
Long - Term Provisions 21  483.95  291.23
Other Non - Current Liabilities 22  124.44  131.03
2 Total Non - Current Liabilities  4,539.92  4,883.09
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 23  13,183.89  12,394.78
Trade Payables
Total Outstanding dues to Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises 24  874.78  833.86 
Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than to Micro Enterprises and Small 
Enterprises
24  3,740.93  1,878.78 
Other Financial Liabilities 25  1,643.88  1,770.60 
Other Current Liabilities 26  268.86  269.33 
Short - Term Provisions 27  215.01  136.73 
Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 28  111.80  -   
Total Current Liabilities  20,039.15  17,284.08 
Total Equity and Liabilities  54,982.44  50,553.98 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH  
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MIDGDW6526
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
[page 94]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
89
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the Period ended on March 31, 2026
(Amount ` in Lakhs, except earnings per share data)
S. No. Particulars Note 2025 - 2026
(`)
2024 - 2025
(`)
I INCOME
1 Revenue from Operations 29  82,168.59                69,185.99 
2 Other Income 30  150.25                      154.55 
II Total Income (Total of 1 to 2)  82,318.83  69,340.54 
III EXPENSES
1 Cost of Materials Consumed 31  66,005.58  55,543.77 
2 Purchase of Trading Stock  3.67  8.39 
3 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Trading Stock 32  (555.60)  (2,069.76)
4 Employee Benefits Expense 33  4,680.15  4,395.32 
5 Finance Costs 34  1,303.14  1,019.26 
6 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 35  1,100.22  970.01 
7 Other Expenses 36  5,139.84  4,912.31 
IV Total Expenses (Total of 1 to 7)  77,677.01  64,779.31 
V Profit Before Exceptional Item and Tax (II - IV)  4,641.82  4,561.23 
Exceptional Items 37  973.69                               -   
VI Profit Before Tax (PBT)  3,668.13  4,561.23 
VII Tax Expenses
1 Current tax 20  715.68  739.42 
2 Deferred tax 20  309.51  487.68 
VIII Total Tax Expenses (Total of 1 to 2)  1,025.19  1,227.10 
IX Profit After Tax (PAT) (VI - VIII) 2,642.94 3,334.13
X Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)
A) Items that will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
a)i) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  (148.01)  (31.86)
   ii) Income tax expenses on the above  37.25  8.02 
b)i) Net fair value gain / (loss) on investment in equity instruments through Other 
Comprehensive Income
                              -                                 -   
   ii) Income tax expenses on the above                               -                                 -   
B) Items that will be reclassified subsequently to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
a)i) Net fair value gain / (loss) on investments in debt instruments through Other 
Comprehensive Income
             (10.12)                                           -   
   ii) Income tax expenses on the above                         2.55                                 -   
XI Total Other Comprehensive Income  (118.33)  (23.84)
XII Total Comprehensive Income for the year  (IX + XI)  2,524.60  3,310.29 
XIII Earnings per Equity Share
Basic (In `) 55  10.40  13.13 
Diluted (In `) 55  10.40  13.13 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH  
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MIDGDW6526
[page 95]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
90
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the Year then ended March 31, 2026
(` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars 31.03.2026
(`)
31.03.2025
(`)
A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net Profit / (Loss) Before Tax for the year as per the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss
 3,668.13  4,561.23 
Adjustments For:
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  1,100.22  970.01 
Interest Income  (41.07)  (16.04)
Rental Income  (15.00)  (15.00)
Corporate Guarantee Commission (Notional)  (8.28)  -   
Dividend Income  (9.98)  (49.91)
Finance Costs  1,303.14  1,019.26 
Subsidy or Grants for Property, Plants and Equipment (Net)  (9.88)  (9.79)
(Surplus) / Loss on Disposal of Property, Plants and Equipment (Including Loss due to Fire)  23.45  (0.17)
EIR on Employee Loans  0.09  54.15 
Provision for Unsecured Doubtful Debts and Advances  68.81  54.15 
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes  6,079.63  6,525.11 
Adjustments For:
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables  113.18  (3,238.97)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other Financial Assets  (598.84)  (310.29)
(Increase) / Decrease in Loans  (11.03)  (10.84)
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (2,144.41)  (2,372.20)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other Current Assets  (58.38)  229.61 
Increase / (Decrease) in Short - Term Borrowings  789.11  4,409.69 
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables  1,903.06  388.26 
Increase / (Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  (132.84)  730.88 
Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  (0.47)  (0.56)
Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions  123.00  29.47 
Cash Generated from Operating Activities  6,062.00  6,380.18 
Income Tax Paid (Net of Refund)  (623.71)  (849.19)
Net Cash Generated / (Used) from Operating Activities  5,438.30  5,530.99 
B) Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investment in Property, Plants and Equipment (Net of Disposal)  (2,899.94)  (4,766.15)
(Increase) / Decrease in Capital Work-in-Progress  550.17  489.76 
(Increase) / Decrease in Non - Current Investments  (1,425.00)  (100.00)
Subsidy / Grant for Property, Plants and Equipment (Net)  3.29  -   
Capital Advances  (397.68)  (8.87)
Liabilities towards Capital Expenditures  4.24  22.49 
Interest Income  41.07  16.04 
Rental Income  15.00  15.00 
Dividend Income  9.98  49.91 
Net Cash Generated / (Used) from Investing Activities  (4,098.87)  (4,281.83)
[page 96]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
91
 (` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars 31.03.2026
(`)
31.03.2025
(`)
C) Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Fresh Issue of Equity Shares  -  -
Proceeds / (Repayments) from Non - Current Borrowings  (833.27)  1,475.33 
Loans and Advances to Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company  285.00  (285.00)
Finance Costs  (1,303.14)  (1,019.26)
Dividend Paid  (508.05)  (381.04)
Net Cash Received / (Used) from Financing Activities  (2,359.46)  (209.97)
(D) Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A + B + C)  (1,020.04)  1,039.19 
(E) Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the period  1,076.42  37.23 
(F) Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the period  56.38  1,076.42 
(G) Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (G = F - E)  (1,020.04)  1,039.19 
Note:
a) Cash and Cash Equivalants Comprises of:
(` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars  31.03.2026 
(`)
 31.03.2025 
(`)
1 Balances with Banks
i) Current Accounts  53.48  1,071.20 
2 Cash-in-Hand  2.90  5.22 
3 Cash and Cash Equivalents (Total of 1 to 2)  56.38  1,076.42 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH  
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
[page 97]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
92
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year then ended on March 31, 2026
A) Equity Share Capital          (` in Lakhs)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 
Equity Share Capital
Balance at the beginning of the reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26 
Changes in Equity Share capital due to prior period errors  -  -
Restated balances at the beginning of the current reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26 
Changes in Equity Share capital during the reporting period  -  -
Balance at the end of the reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26 
B) Other Equity  (` in Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI
Total Other 
EquityCapital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earning
Cash Flow 
Hedge 
Reserves
Equity 
Insutruments 
through OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
` ` ` ` ` ` `
Balance as at April 01, 2024 (A)  40.32  6,789.49  16,090.54  -  -  2.06  22,922.40
Addition made during the reporting period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the 
reporting period
 -  -  3,334.13  -  -  -  3,334.13
Adjustment made during the 
reporting period
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Transferred from Statement of 
Profit and Loss
 -  -  (15.90)  -  -  10.81  (5.10)
Items of the Other Comprehensive Income for the period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined 
benefits plan (Net)
 -  -  -  -  -  (23.84)  (23.84)
Net fair value gain on investments in 
equity instruments through OCI (Net)
 -  -  -  - -  -  -
Total Comprehensive Income for 
the year 2024 - 2025 (B)
 -  -  3,318.23  - -  (13.03)  3,305.19
Reduction made during the reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer “Note No. 
50”)  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    381.04 
Total reductions made during 
the reporting period (C)  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    381.04 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
(D) = (A + B - C)  40.32  6,789.49  19,027.72  -    -    (10.98)  25,846.55 
[page 98]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
93
Addition made during the 
reporting period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the 
reporting period  -    -    2,642.94  -    -    -    2,642.94 
Addition made during the 
reporting period  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of 
Profit and Loss  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Items of the Other 
Comprehensive Income for the 
period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined 
benefits plan (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    (110.76)  (110.76)
Net Movement of Cash Flow 
Hedge Reserves (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net Movement of Cash Flow 
Hedge Reserves (Net)  -    -    -    (7.57)  -    -    (7.57)
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year 2025 - 2026 (E)  -    -    2,642.94  (7.57)  -    (110.76)  2,524.60 
Reduction made during the 
reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer “Note No. 
50”)  -    -    508.05 
 -    -    -    508.05 
Total reductions made during the 
reporting period (F)  -    -    508.05  -    -    -    508.05 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
(G) = (D + E - F)  40.32  6,789.49  21,162.61  (7.57)  -    (121.74)  27,863.10 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH  
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
[page 99]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
94
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year then ended on March 31, 2026
Corporate Information
MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED (“the Company”) (CIN No. L32300MH1973PLC030813) is a Public Limited Company, 
domiciled and incorporated in India, under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956. The Registered office of the Company is 
situated at 211, Shri Mohini Complex, 345, Kingsway, Kasturchand Park, Nagpur, (M.H.) - 440001. The books of accounts and 
other relevant records are maintained at B -24, MIDC Area, Hingna Industrial Estate, Hingna Road, Nagpur (M.H.) – 440016. 
The Company’s shares are listed company on “National Stock Exchange” (NSE).
The Company is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing, sale, distribution, and trading of Aluminium Powder, 
Aluminium Pyro and Flake Powder, Aluminium Paste, Aluminium Conductors, and Aluminium Foils. The Company is also 
engaged in the manufacturing and trading of Manganese Oxide (MnO) and Manganese Dioxide (MnO₂) Powder.
The Board of Directors approved the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026, and authorized for issue on May 
23, 2026.
1.  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 These standalone financial statements are the separate financial statements of the Company (also referred to as “the 
standalone financial statements”), prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as notified 
under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 and the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, as amended from time to time. 
The preparation and presentation of these standalone financial statements are in accordance with Ind AS and Division - II 
of Schedule - III to the Companies Act, 2013.
 Entity - specific disclosures of material accounting policies, where Indian Accounting Standards permit alternative 
accounting treatments, are set out hereunder:
 The Company’s management and Board of Directors have assessed the materiality of accounting policy information, 
which involves the exercise of judgment and consideration of both qualitative and quantitative factors. Such assessment 
takes into account not only the size and nature of items or conditions, but also the characteristics of the related 
transactions, events, or circumstances that could make the information more likely to influence the decisions of users 
of the standalone financial statements. An entity’s conclusion that an accounting policy is immaterial does not affect the 
disclosures requirements set out in the Indian Accounting Standards.
 The Company has adopted Ind AS from April 01, 2018. The accounting policies have been consistently applied, except 
where a newly issued accounting standard has been initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard 
requires a change in the accounting policies hitherto adopted. These standalone financial statements have been prepared 
and presented under the historical cost convention on an accrual basis of accounting, except for certain financial assets 
and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is generally 
based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services. Fair value is the price that would 
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date.
 The standalone statement of cash flows has been prepared using the indirect method, whereby standalone profit or loss 
is adjusted for the effects of non - cash transactions, deferrals and accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments, and items of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from 
operating, investing, and financing activities of the Company are separately presented. The Company considers all 
highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk 
of changes in value as cash equivalents.
 The Company’s standalone financial statements are prepared and presented in Indian Rupees (₹) in lakhs, which is also 
the functional currency of the Company. All amounts are rounded off to the nearest ₹ in Lakhs up to two decimal places, 
unless otherwise stated.
1.2  APPLICATION OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
 The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notified amendments 
to Ind AS - 21, “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”, applicable w.e.f. April 01, 2025. The Company has 
evaluated the impact of the said amendments and concluded that they do not have any material impact on its standalone 
financial statements.
[page 100]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
95
1.3  CURRENT AND NON - CURRENT CLASSIFICATION
 The Company presents the assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current / non - current classification. An 
asset or liabilities is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
i) The assets / liabilities are expected to be realized / settled in the Company’s normal operating cycle.
ii) The assets are intended for sales or consumption.
iii) The assets / liabilities are held primarily for the purpose of trading.
iv) The assets / liabilities are expected to be realized / settled within twelve months after the end of reporting date.
v) The assets are cash or cash equivalents unless they are restricted from being exchanged or used to settle liabilities 
for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
vi) In the case of liabilities, the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liabilities 
for at least twelve months after the reporting date.
 All other assets and liabilities are classified as non - current.
 For the purpose of current and non - current classification of assets and liabilities, the Company has determined its 
operating cycle as twelve (12) months. This is based on the nature of its operations and the time between the acquisition 
of assets or inventories for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents.
1.4  SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a)  Property, Plants and Equipment
 Measurement at Recognition
 An item of property, plants and equipment that qualifies for recognition as an asset is initial measured at cost. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, such item of property, plants and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The Company identifies and accounts for each significant 
component of an item of property, plants and equipment separately, where the cost of such component is significant 
to the total cost of the assets and its useful life differs materially from that of the remaining components of the 
assets.
 The cost of an item of property, plants and equipment comprises its purchase price, net of discounts, if any, including 
import duties and other non - refundable purchase taxes or levies, and any directly attributable costs of bringing 
the asset to its present location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by 
management. It also includes the initial estimate of costs of dismantling, removing, and restoring the site on which 
the asset is located, if any. Cost further includes the cost of replacing parts of property, plants and equipment, 
where the recognition criteria are met. Expenditure directly attributable to the construction of new manufacturing 
facilities is capitalized during the construction period, provided the recognition criteria are satisfied. Similarly, 
expenditure incurred on plans, designs, and drawings relating to buildings, plants, and machinery is capitalized 
under the relevant categories of property, plants and equipment. When significant components of property, plants 
and equipment are required to be replaced at regular intervals, the Company recognizes such components as 
separate assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.
 Subsequent costs are included in the carrying amount of the asset or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and 
the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate 
asset is derecognized upon its replacement.
 All costs, including administrative, financing, and general overhead expenses, that are directly attributable to 
the construction of a specific project or to the acquisition of property, plants and equipment, or for bringing such 
assets to their present location and condition necessary for their intended use, are included as part of the cost of 
construction or the cost of property, plants and equipment, as the case may be, up to the date of commencement of 
commercial production. Any adjustments arising from exchange rate variations attributable to property, plants and 
equipment are capitalized as stated above, in accordance with applicable Indian Accounting Standards.
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of property, plants and equipment that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are capitalized as part of the cost of 
such assets, to the extent they relate to the period up to the date the assets are ready for their intended use.
[page 101]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
96
 Subsequent expenditure related to an item of property, plants and equipment is added to it carrying amount only if 
it is probable that such expenditure will result in an increase in future economic benefits from the asset beyond its 
previously assessed standard of performance.
 Items such as spare parts, stand-by equipment, and servicing equipment that meet the definition of property, plants 
and equipment are capitalized at cost and depreciated over their respective useful lives. Expenditure in the nature 
of repairs and maintenance is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred.
 Capital Work-in-Progress and Capital Advances
 The cost of property, plants and equipment that are not yet ready for their intended use as at the Standalone Balance 
Sheet date is disclosed under “Capital Work-in-Progress” (CWIP) and is carried at cost. Expenditure incurred on 
survey and investigation activities relating to projects is initially recognized as part of CWIP. Such expenditure 
is capitalized as part of the cost of the relevant asset upon completion of the project. In cases where the project 
is abandoned, the related expenditure is charged to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in 
which the decision to abandon the project is made. Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plants 
and equipment outstanding as at each Standalone Balance Sheet date are disclosed under “Other Non - Current 
Assets”.
 Depreciation
 Depreciation on property, plants and equipment is provided on a pro-rata basis over the useful lives of the assets, 
using the “Straight Line Method (SLM)”, so as to allocate the depreciable amount of the assets over their estimated 
useful lives. Depreciation is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in accordance with the 
requirements of Schedule - II to the Companies Act, 2013. The estimated useful lives of property, plants and 
equipment are determined based on technical evaluation and are aligned, where appropriate, with the useful lives 
prescribed under Schedule - II. Such estimates consider factors including the nature of the asset, its expected 
usage, physical wear and tear, operating conditions, anticipated technological changes, manufacturer’s warranties, 
and maintenance support.
 Where an item of property, plants and equipment comprises significant components with different useful lives, 
such components are accounted for separately (major components) and are depreciated over their respective useful 
lives or the remaining useful life of the principal asset, whichever is lower.
 The useful lives of the items of property, plants and equipment as estimated by the Company’s management is 
mentioned below:
S. No. Name of Property, Plants and Equipment Useful Life
(In Years)
1. Factory Building 30 Years
2. Building (Other than Factory Building) 60 Years
3. Plant and Machineries (Including Continuous Process Plant) 25 Years
4. Furniture and Fixtures 10 Years
5. Office Equipment 10 Years
6. Computer and Other Data Processing units 3 Years
7. Motor Vehicles 8 Years
8. Electrical Installation and Other Equipment 10 Years
 The Company based on technical assessment made by the technical experts and the Company’s management 
estimate, depreciate certain items of property, plants and equipment over the estimated useful lives which are 
different from the useful lives as prescribed under Schedule - II of the Companies Act, 2013 . The Company’s 
management believes that the useful lives given above are best to represent the period over which Company’s 
management expects to use this property, plants and equipment.
 Freehold land is not depreciated. Leasehold land and leasehold improvements are amortised over the period of the 
respective lease.
 The useful lives, residual values, and method of depreciation of each item of property, plants and equipment 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If there is any change in these estimates compared to previous 
assessments, such changes are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates and are applied prospectively, 
where appropriate.
[page 102]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
97
 Derecognition
 An item of property, plants and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. The gain or loss arising on derecognition is measured as the difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss at the time of derecognition.
b)  Intangible Assets
 Measurement at Recognition
 Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business 
combination are recognised at their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Internally generated intangible assets, 
including expenditure on research activities, are not capitalized, and such expenditure is recognized in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which it is incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 Amortization
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a “Straight - Line Basis”  over their estimated useful 
economic lives. The amortisation expense on such intangible assets is recognized in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss. The estimated useful lives of such intangible assets are mentioned below:
S. No. Name of Other Intangible Assets Useful Life (In Years)
1. Computer Software 5 Years
 The amortisation period and the amortisation method for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at 
the end of each financial year. If there are any changes in the expected useful life or the pattern of consumption 
of future economic benefits compared to previous estimates, such changes are treated as changes in accounting 
estimates and are applied prospectively, where appropriate.
 Derecognition
 An intangible asset is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal. The gain or loss arising on derecognition is measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds 
and the carrying amount of the intangible asset and is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss at 
the time of derecognition.
c)  Impairment
 The Company assesses at each Standalone Balance Sheet date whether there are any indications that a non - 
financial asset may be impaired. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized and are tested for 
impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be impaired.
 Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortization, as well as investments in subsidiaries and associates, are 
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may 
not be recoverable. Such indicators include, but are not limited to, significant or sustained declines in revenues or 
earnings and material adverse changes in the economic environment.
 Where any such indication exists, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the asset or its Cash Generating 
Unit (CGU). If the carrying amount of the asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of its fair value less 
costs of disposal and its value in use. In determining value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the asset. For assets that do not generate independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount 
is determined at the level of the CGU to which the asset belongs.
 After recognition of an impairment loss, depreciation or amortization is provided on the revised carrying amount 
of the asset over its remaining useful life. Impairment losses recognized in prior periods are reviewed at each 
reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. If such indication exists, the 
impairment loss is reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined (net of depreciation or amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized in prior 
periods.
[page 103]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
98
 I mpairment losses and reversals thereof are recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss and are 
presented within depreciation and amortization expense.
d)  Revenue Recognition
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services to 
the customer, at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange 
for those goods or services. Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is allocated to each 
performance obligation. The transaction price is adjusted for variable consideration, including discounts, rebates, 
and incentive schemes offered by the Company under the terms of the contract. Such variable consideration is 
estimated using the expected value method. Revenue (net of variable consideration) is recognised only to the 
extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not 
occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
 Sale of Products
 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods is transferred to the customer. The 
performance obligation in such cases is satisfied at a point in time, generally upon dispatch of goods to the 
customer or upon delivery, as specified in the terms of the contract. Revenue is measured at the transaction price 
and is presented net of Goods and Services Tax (GST), discounts, rebates, and incentives offered to customers.
 Sale of Services
 Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized over time, based on the progress towards satisfaction of 
the performance obligation. The stage of completion is measured in accordance with the terms of the underlying 
agreements or arrangements with customers, as the services are performed.
 Advances received from customers are recognized as contract liabilities under “Other Current Liabilities” and are 
recognized as revenue upon satisfaction of the related performance obligations.
e)  Government Grants and Subsidies
 Recognition and Measurements
 Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the 
conditions attached to them and that the grants will be received, in accordance with Ind AS 20, “ Accounting 
for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance” . Government grants are recognized in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the related costs that 
the grants are intended to compensate are recognized as expenses. Government grants related to property, plants 
and equipment are measured at fair value and are recognised as deferred income. Such grants are subsequently 
recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the related 
assets.
 Presentation
 Income from such grants and subsidies is presented under “Revenue from Operations”, where it is considered to 
be in the nature of operating income. Government grants related to property, plants and equipment are measured 
at fair value and are recognized as deferred income. Such grants are subsequently recognised in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the related assets.
f)  Inventories
 Inventories, including raw materials, work-in-progress, finished goods, packing materials, stores and spares, 
components, consumables, and trading stock, are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. However, 
materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the 
finished goods in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. The comparison of cost 
and net realizable value is made on an item-by-item basis.
 Cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average method. The cost comprises all costs of purchase, 
including non-refundable duties and taxes, costs of conversion including an appropriate allocation of fixed and 
variable production overheads, and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and 
condition. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less 
estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
[page 104]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
99
 The Company evaluates the condition of inventories at each reporting date and makes provision for slow-moving, 
obsolete, and non-saleable inventories, based on factors such as shelf life, product discontinuance, and ageing 
analysis, to reflect the net realisable value of such inventories.
g)  Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or an 
equity instrument of another entity.
 Financial Assets
 Initial Recognition and Measurements
 The Company recognizes a financial asset in its Standalone Balance Sheet when it becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Financial assets are initially recognized at fair value, plus, in the case of financial 
assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition of the financial asset. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing 
component are measured at their transaction price. Where the fair value of a financial asset at initial recognition 
differs from its transaction price, the difference is recognized as a gain or loss in the Standalone Statement of Profit 
and Loss, provided that the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset 
(Level 1 input) or is based on a valuation technique that uses observable market data (Level 2 inputs).
 In cases where the fair value is not determined using Level 1 or Level 2 inputs, the difference between the 
transaction price and fair value is deferred and recognized as a gain or loss in the Standalone Statement of Profit 
and Loss only to the extent that it arises from a change in factors that market participants would consider in pricing 
the financial asset.
 Subsequent Measurements
 For subsequent measurements, the Company classifies a financial asset in accordance with the below criteria:
i) The Company’s business model for managing the financial assets and
ii) The contractual cash flows characteristics of the financial assets.
 Based on the above criteria, the Company classifies, its financial assets into the following categories:
i) Financial assets measured at amortized costs
ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Financial Assets measured at Amortized Costs
 A financial asset is measured at amortized costs if both of the following conditions are met:
a)  The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows; and
b)  The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI criterion).
 This category includes cash and bank balances, trade receivables, loans, and other financial assets of the Company. 
Such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method (EIR). Under 
this method, future cash flows are discounted to their present value at the time of initial recognition using the 
effective interest rate. The difference between the initial recognition amount and the maturity amount is amortised 
over the life of the financial asset and is recognised as interest income in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss under “Other Income”. The amortised cost of financial assets is adjusted for any loss allowance recognised 
for expected credit losses, where applicable.
 Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI
 A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI, if both of the following conditions are met:
a)  The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets; and
b)  The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI criterion).
[page 105]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
100
 This category primarily applies to certain investments in debt instruments. Such financial assets are subsequently 
measured at fair value at each reporting date. Changes in fair value are recognized in Standalone Other 
Comprehensive Income (OCI). However, interest income, impairment losses, and reversals thereof are recognized 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Upon derecognition of such debt instruments, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is 
reclassified from equity to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Further, the Company has made an irrevocable election at initial recognition, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, 
to designate certain equity instruments as measured at FVTOCI. These equity instruments are not held for trading 
nor represent contingent consideration arising from a business combination. Subsequent changes in the fair value 
of such equity instruments are recognised in OCI. Dividend income from such equity instruments is recognised 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss when the Company’s right to receive payment is established, it is 
probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company, and the amount can be measured reliably.
 Upon derecognition of such equity instruments, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is not 
reclassified to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. Instead, it may be transferred within equity to retained 
earnings.
 Financial Assets measured at FVTPL
 A financial asset is measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) unless it is measured at amortised cost 
or at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) as described above. This is a residual category 
and applies to all other financial assets of the Company, excluding investments in subsidiaries and associates. 
Such financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date, with all changes in fair value 
recognised in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Derecognition
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is 
derecognized (i.e., removed from the Company’s Balance Sheet) when any of the following conditions are met:
i)  The contractual rights to cash flows from the financial assets expire.
ii)  The Company has transferred its contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset and has 
substantially transferred all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset.
iii)  The Company retains the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset but assumes a 
contractual obligation to pass on those cash flows, without material delay, to one or more recipients under a 
“pass-through” arrangement, thereby substantially transferring all the risks and rewards of ownership of the 
financial asset.
iv)  The Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial 
asset and does not retain control over the financial asset.
 In cases where the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of 
a financial asset but retains control over the asset, the Company continues to recognize the financial asset to the 
extent of its continuing involvement. In such cases, the Company also recognizes an associated liability. The 
financial asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations retained 
by the Company.
 On derecognition of financial assets (except for financial assets measured at FVTOCI as described above), the 
difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the consideration received is recognized in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Impairment of Financial Assets
 The Company applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurements and recognition of loss allowance on 
the following:
i) Trade receivables
ii) Financial assets measured at amortized costs (other than trade receivables)
iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
[page 106]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
101
 The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for recognition and measurement of impairment on 
financial assets measured at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI). In 
the case of trade receivables, the Company follows the simplified approach, whereby an amount equal to lifetime 
ECL is recognised as a loss allowance.
 For other financial assets, the Company applies the general approach and assesses at each reporting date whether 
there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not increased 
significantly, an amount equal to twelve-month ECL is recognised. If the credit risk has increased significantly, 
an amount equal to lifetime ECL is recognised. Subsequently, if the credit quality improves such that there is no 
longer a significant increase in credit risk, the Company reverts to recognising loss allowance based on twelve-
month ECL. ECL represents the difference between the contractual cash flows due to the Company in accordance 
with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive, discounted at the original effective 
interest rate. Lifetime ECL represents expected credit losses resulting from all possible default events over the 
expected life of the financial asset, whereas twelve-month ECL represents a portion of lifetime ECL attributable to 
default events possible within twelve months from the reporting date.
 ECL is measured in a manner that reflects unbiased and probability-weighted amounts determined using a range 
of possible outcomes, taking into account the time value of money and all reasonable and supportable information 
available about past events, current conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions. As a practical 
expedient, the Company uses a provision matrix to determine lifetime ECL for its portfolio of trade receivables. 
The provision matrix is based on historically observed default rates over the expected life of the receivables and 
is adjusted for forward-looking information. At each reporting date, these historical default rates and forward-
looking estimates are updated.
 ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal thereof) recognised during the reporting period is recognised in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss under “Other Expenses”.
 Financial Liabilities
 Initial Recognition and Measurements
 The Company recognises a financial liability in its Standalone Balance Sheet when it becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, and, in the case 
of financial liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), are adjusted for transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to the issue of the financial liabilities.
 Where the fair value of a financial liability at initial recognition differs from its transaction price, the difference is 
recognised as a gain or loss in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss, provided that the fair value is evidenced 
by a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (Level 1 input) or is based on a valuation technique 
that uses observable market data (Level 2 inputs). In cases where the fair value is not determined using Level 1 
or Level 2 inputs, the difference between the transaction price and fair value is deferred and recognised in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss only to the extent that it arises from a change in factors that market 
participants would consider in pricing the financial liability.
 Subsequent Measurements
 All financial liabilities of the Company are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method (EIR).
 Under the effective interest method, future cash payments are discounted to their present value at initial recognition 
using the effective interest rate. The difference between the initial recognition amount and the maturity amount is 
amortised over the tenure of the financial liability. The amortised cost at each reporting date represents the initial 
recognition amount adjusted for principal repayments and the cumulative amortisation of such difference.
 The corresponding amortisation under the effective interest method is recognised as interest expense over the 
period of the financial liability and is presented under “Finance Costs” in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
 Derecognition
 A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled, or expires. 
Where an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or 
where the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is accounted 
[page 107]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
102
for as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference 
between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid is recognised in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is presented in the Standalone Balance Sheet 
when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention either to settle 
on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
h)  Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting
 The Company enters into derivative financial instruments in the form of forward currency contracts with external 
counterparties to hedge foreign currency risks arising from foreign currency denominated financial liabilities 
measured at amortized cost. The Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship between 
such forward currency contracts (“Hedging Instruments”) and the recognized financial liabilities (“Hedged Items”) 
at the inception of the hedge relationship, in accordance with its risk management objectives and hedging strategy.
 The designated hedge relationship is accounted for in accordance with the principles of fair value hedge accounting 
prescribed under Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”.
 Recognition and Measurement of Fair Value Hedge
 Hedging instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date the derivative contract is entered into and are 
subsequently remeasured at fair value at each reporting date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value 
of the hedging instruments are recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. Hedging instruments are 
presented as financial assets in the Standalone Balance Sheet when their fair value at the reporting date is positive 
and as financial liabilities when their fair value at the reporting date is negative.
 Hedged items, being recognised financial liabilities, are initially recognised at fair value on the date of entering 
into the contractual obligation and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. The gain or loss attributable to the 
hedged risk on the hedged items is adjusted to the carrying amount of the hedged items using the effective interest 
method, with the corresponding impact recognised in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Derecognition
 On derecognition of the hedged items, any unamortised fair value adjustment relating to the hedging relationship 
that has been adjusted to the carrying amount of the hedged items is recognised in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
i)  Fair Value
 The Company measures financial instruments at fair value in accordance with the accounting policies as stated 
above. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability 
takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or, in the absence of a principal market, in the 
most advantageous market for the asset or liability. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or 
disclosed in the standalone financial statements are categorised within a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs 
used in the valuation techniques. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). The 
levels of the hierarchy are described as follows:
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the assets or liabilities, 
either directly or indirectly.
 Level 3 - Inputs that are unobservable for the assets or liabilities.
 For assets and liabilities recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers 
have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing the categorization at the end of each reporting period 
and discloses such transfers, if any.
[page 108]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
103
j)  Investment in Subsidiary Companies and Associates Companies
 The Company has elected to account for its investments in subsidiary companies and associate companies at cost in 
accordance with the option available under Ind AS 27, “Separate Financial Statements”. Accordingly, investments 
in subsidiaries and associates are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the 
consideration paid on initial recognition, including adjustments for embedded derivatives and estimated contingent 
consideration (earn-out arrangements), where applicable. Contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at 
each reporting date, and any changes in its fair value are recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Where there is an indication of impairment, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. Upon disposal of investments in subsidiaries and associates, the difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of such investments is recognised in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
k)  Investment in Preference Shares
 Investments in preference shares of subsidiary companies are accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 27, 
“Separate Financial Statements” . The Company has elected to carry such investments at cost less accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Investments are initially recognized at cost, including directly attributable acquisition 
costs.
 Dividend income on such investments is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss when the 
Company’s right to receive the dividend is established and it is probable that the economic benefits associated with 
the transaction will flow to the Company.
 The Company assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is any indication of impairment in respect of such 
investments and recognizes impairment losses, where necessary, in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss. Upon disposal or derecognition of such investments, the difference between the carrying amount and the 
consideration received is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
l) Foreign Currency Transactions
a) Initial Recognition
 Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency (i.e., Indian Rupee ₹) 
at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction (spot rate). Exchange differences arising on 
settlement of monetary items during the reporting period are recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit 
and Loss. However, exchange differences arising on foreign currency borrowings, to the extent that they 
are regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of 
qualifying assets, are capitalised as part of the cost of such assets in accordance with the Indian Accounting 
Standards.
b) Measurement of Foreign Currency Items at Reporting Date
 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are restated at the reporting date using the closing 
exchange rate as notified by the Reserve Bank of India. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are 
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items measured at fair value 
in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the date on which the fair value is 
determined. Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in 
the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
m)  Taxes on Income
 Tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It represents the aggregate amount included in the determination 
of profit or loss for the reporting period. Tax expense is recognised in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss, 
except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in Standalone Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) or 
directly in equity, in which case the tax is also recognised in OCI or equity, as applicable.
 Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of taxable profit for the reporting period. Taxable profit 
differs from “Profit Before Tax” as reported in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss due to items of income 
or expense that are taxable or deductible in other periods and items that are never taxable or deductible under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. Current tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes adjustments relating to prior periods.
 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the 
standalone financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates and tax 
[page 109]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
104
laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted as at the reporting date.
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are 
recognised for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, and unused tax credits to the extent that it is 
probable that taxable profits will be available against which such deductible temporary differences and losses can 
be utilised.
 However, deferred tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising from:
  The initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction (other than a business combination) that, at the time 
of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit and does not give rise to equal taxable and 
deductible temporary differences; and
 The initial recognition of goodwill (in the case of deferred tax liabilities).
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to 
be utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period 
in which the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the Standalone Balance Sheet date.
 Uncertain Tax Positions
 The Company’s management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in 
which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and assesses whether it is probable that a taxation 
authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment. The Company reflects the effect of uncertainty for each uncertain 
tax treatment using either the expected value method (i.e., the sum of probability-weighted amounts in a range of 
possible outcomes) or the most likely amount method (i.e., the single most likely outcome), depending on which 
method better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The Company applies consistent judgments and estimates 
in determining the effects of uncertain tax positions. Where an uncertain tax treatment affects both current and 
deferred tax, the Company applies the same approach consistently to both.
 Presentation
 Current tax and deferred tax are recognised as income or expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss, 
except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in Standalone Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), in 
which case the related tax is also recognised in Standalone OCI. The Company offsets current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities when it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and intends either to 
settle on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current 
tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied 
by the same taxation authority on the Company.
n)  Lease
 A lease is classified at the inception date as either a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease that transfers 
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset to the Company is classified 
as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
 The Company as a Lessee
a) Operating Lease: Lease payments under operating leases are recognized as an expense in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a Straight - Line basis over the lease term, unless another systematic basis is 
more representative of the time pattern in which the economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
b) Finance Lease: Finance leases are recognised at the commencement of the lease at the lower of the fair 
value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability 
to the lessor is recognised in the Standalone Balance Sheet as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are 
apportioned between finance costs and the reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant periodic 
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance costs are recognised in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss over the lease term unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in 
which case they are capitalised in accordance with the Company’s borrowing cost policy. Contingent rentals 
are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. Assets acquired under finance leases 
are depreciated over their useful lives. However, where there is no reasonable certainty that the Company 
will obtain ownership of the asset at the end of the lease term, such assets are depreciated over the shorter of 
the lease term and their useful lives.
[page 110]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
105
 The Company as a Lessor:
 Lease income from operating leases is recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-
line basis over the lease term, unless the lease payments are structured to increase in line with expected general 
inflation, in which case such increases are recognised as incurred. The underlying leased assets are presented in the 
Standalone Balance Sheet in accordance with their nature.
o)  Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing costs include interest expense, commitment charges on bank borrowings, amortisation of ancillary 
costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings, and exchange differences arising from foreign 
currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs.
 Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction, or production of a qualifying asset 
are capitalised as part of the cost of such asset until it is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. Qualifying 
assets are those assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.
 Where the Company borrows funds specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the borrowing 
costs incurred on such borrowings are capitalised. Where the Company uses general borrowings for the purpose of 
obtaining a qualifying asset, the borrowing costs are capitalised using a capitalisation rate based on the weighted 
average cost of general borrowings outstanding during the period.
 Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for the asset are incurred, borrowing costs are 
incurred, and activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation 
ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are 
complete.
 Any income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying 
assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
 All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period 
in which they are incurred.
p)  Employee Benefits
 Short - Term Employee Benefits
 Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the related service are classified as short-
term employee benefits. Such benefits are recognised in the period in which the employee renders the related 
service. The Company recognises the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in 
exchange for services rendered as a liability (accrued expense), after deducting any amounts already paid.
  Post - Employment Benefits
a) Defined Contribution Plans
 Defined contribution plans include contributions to the Employees’ State Insurance Scheme (ESIC), 
government-administered provident fund schemes, and the superannuation scheme for eligible employees 
who meet the prescribed criteria. The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised 
as an expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the employees render the 
related services.
i) Recognition and Measurement of Defined Contribution Plans
 The Company recognises contributions payable to defined contribution plans as an expense in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the employees render the related services. 
If the contributions payable for services received from employees up to the reporting date exceed the 
contributions already paid, the shortfall is recognised as a liability after deducting the amounts already 
paid. Conversely, if the contributions already paid exceed the contributions due for services received 
up to the reporting date, the excess is recognised as an asset to the extent that it will result in a future 
reduction in payments or a cash refund.
[page 111]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
106
b) Defined Benefits Plans
i)  Gratuity
 The Company operates a defined benefit plan for its employees in respect of gratuity. The Company 
pays gratuity to employees who have completed a minimum of five years of continuous service at the 
time of retirement, resignation, or superannuation. Gratuity is payable at the rate of 15 days’ salary for 
each completed year of service.
 The liability in respect of gratuity is determined using the “Projected Unit Credit Method”  and is 
spread over the period during which the benefits are expected to be derived from employee service. 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, comprising actuarial gains and losses, are 
recognised in Standalone Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in the period in which they arise and are 
not reclassified to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
ii) Provident Fund Scheme
 Provident fund is a defined contribution plan covering certain eligible employees. The Company and 
eligible employees make monthly contributions to the provident fund maintained with the Regional 
Provident Fund Commissioners, at a specified percentage of the employees’ basic salary, in accordance 
with the applicable scheme. The Company’s contributions to the provident fund are recognised as an 
expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they become due. The 
Company has no further obligation beyond its contributions to the fund.
iii) Pension Scheme
 The Company operates a defined benefit pension plan for certain specified employees, which is payable 
upon the employees satisfying prescribed conditions, as approved by the Board of Directors.
iv) Post - Retirement Medical Benefit Plan
 The Company operates a defined post-retirement medical benefits plan for certain specified employees, 
which is payable upon the employees satisfying prescribed conditions.
v)  Leave Encashment
 Accumulated leave expected to be utilised within the next twelve months is treated as a short-term 
employee benefit for measurement purposes. The Company measures the expected cost of such absences 
as the additional amount expected to be paid as a result of unused entitlement that has accumulated 
at the reporting date. Accumulated leave expected to be carried forward beyond twelve months is 
treated as a long-term employee benefit. Such long-term compensated absences are measured based on 
actuarial valuation using the “Projected Unit Credit Method” at the reporting date. Actuarial gains and 
losses are recognised immediately in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss and are not deferred.
 Recognition and Measurement of Defined Contribution Plans
 The cost of providing defined benefits is determined using the “Projected Unit Credit Method”, with 
actuarial valuations carried out at each Standalone Balance Sheet date. The defined benefit obligation 
recognised in the Standalone Balance Sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation 
as reduced by the fair value of plan assets, if any. Any resulting net defined benefit asset (i.e., negative 
defined benefit obligation) is recognised to the extent of the present value of available refunds and 
reductions in future contributions to the plan.
 All expenses comprising current service cost, past service cost (if any), and net interest on the defined 
benefit liability (or asset) are recognised in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. Remeasurements 
of the net defined benefit liability (or asset), comprising actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan 
assets (excluding amounts included in net interest), are recognised in Standalone Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI). Such remeasurements are not reclassified to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
in subsequent periods.
 Past service cost is recognised immediately to the extent that the benefits are already vested; otherwise, 
it is recognised on a straight-line basis over the average period until the amended benefits become 
vested. The defined benefit obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation carried out by an 
independent actuary, and the related liability is presented as current and non-current in the Standalone 
Balance Sheet accordingly.
[page 112]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
107
q)  Earnings per Share
 The Company reports Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) in accordance with Ind AS 33, “ Earnings per 
Share”. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the standalone net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders of 
the Company for the period by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period.
 Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the standalone net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders for the 
period by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the effects of 
all dilutive potential equity shares, except where the effect is anti-dilutive.
 The weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such as bonus 
issues, bonus elements in rights issues, share splits, and reverse share splits (share consolidations) that change the 
number of Equity shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.
r)  Provisions and Contingencies
 The Company recognises provisions when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past 
event, and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
 Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is applied, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
 A contingent liability is disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, or a present 
obligation that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required or the 
amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably. Where the possibility of an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits is remote, neither a provision nor a disclosure is made.
 Contingent assets are possible assets arising from past events, whose existence will be confirmed only by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company. 
Contingent assets are not recognised in the standalone financial statements until the realisation of income is 
virtually certain; however, they are disclosed where an inflow of economic benefits is probable.
 The amount recognised as a provision represents the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation at the reporting date.
s)  Exceptional Items
 Exceptional items are disclosed separately in the standalone financial statements where it is necessary to provide 
a better understanding of the Company’s financial performance. These represent material items of income or 
expense that are presented separately due to their nature or incidence.
 Ordinary items of income or expense which, by virtue of their size, nature, or occurrence, require separate 
disclosure to improve the understanding of the Company’s performance are also presented as exceptional items 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. (Refer “Note No. 37” of the standalone financial statements for 
further references).
t)  Event after Reporting Date
 Adjusting events are those events that provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting 
period. The standalone financial statements are adjusted for such events before they are authorised for issue. Non-
adjusting events are those that are indicative of conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period. Such 
events are not recognised in the standalone financial statements; however, they are disclosed if they are material.
 All events occurring after the balance sheet date and up to the date of approval of the standalone financial 
statements by the Board of Directors on May 23, 2026 , have been considered, and appropriately disclosed or 
adjusted, wherever applicable, in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards.
u)  Cash Flow Statements
 Cash flows statements are reported using the method set out in the Ind AS - 7, “Cash Flow Statements”  and is 
prepared by using indirect method adjusting the standalone net profit / (losses) before tax excluding exceptional 
items for the effect of:
[page 113]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
108
i)  Changes during the period in inventories and other operating receivables and payables;
ii)  Non-cash items such as depreciation, provisions, unrealized foreign currency gain / (losses); and
iii)  all other items for which the cash effects are investing and financing cash flows.
 The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated. The cash and 
cash equivalents (including balances with banks), shown in the standalone statement of cash flows exclude items, 
which are not available for general use as at the date of Standalone Balance Sheet.
v)  Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash-in-hand, cheques-in-hand, balances with banks, and demand deposits with 
an original maturity of three months or less, as well as other short-term highly liquid investments. Bank overdrafts, 
which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Company’s cash management are included as a 
component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows.
w)  Commitments
 Commitments are the future liabilities for contractual expenditure, classified and disclosed as follows:
i)  estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for;
ii)  other non-cancellable commitment, if any, to the extent they are considered material and relevant in the 
opinion of the Company’s management.
 Other commitments related to sales / procurements made in the normal course of business are not disclosed to 
avoid the excessive details.
1.5  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT
 The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notifies new standards or amendments to existing standards under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules from time to time. For the financial year ended March 31, 2026, MCA 
has notified the following amendments on August 2025;
a)  Ind AS - 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025
 The amendments relate to the classification of liabilities as current or non-current and non-current liabilities with 
covenants. In the context of classifying a liability as current or non-current, the amendments clarify that the right 
to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date must exist at the reporting date 
and should have substantive rights. The amendments also introduce additional guidance for the classification of 
liabilities subject to covenants. The Company has evaluated the impact of these amendments and concluded that 
they do not have any impact on its classification of current and non-current liabilities.
b)  Ind AS - 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS - 107 Financial Instruments - Disclosures, applicable w.e.f. 
April 1, 2025
 The amendments to Ind AS 7 require entities to provide disclosures regarding supplier finance arrangements, including 
the nature of such arrangements, the carrying amount of related liabilities, and the range of payment due dates. 
Consequential amendments to Ind AS 107 introduce supplier finance arrangements as a factor that may give rise to 
concentration of liquidity risk. The Company has evaluated the applicability of these amendments and concluded that 
they do not have any material impact on its standalone financial statements.
c)  Ind AS - 12 – International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules apply immediately
 The amendments provide a temporary mandatory relief from accounting for deferred taxes arising from the 
implementation of the Pillar Two Rules and require entities to disclose the application of such relief. The said relief is 
applicable immediately and retrospectively. Based on the Company’s evaluation, the application of the Pillar Two Rules 
does not have any material financial impact on its standalone financial statements.
[page 114]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
109
1.6  KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
 The preparation of the Company’s standalone financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires management to 
make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses, including contingent liabilities, as well as the accompanying disclosures. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that may require a material adjustment to 
the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities in future periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates 
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on a periodic basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the 
period in which they are revised and in any future periods affected. The key assumptions concerning the future and other 
key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment 
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below:
a) Income Tax: The Company’s tax jurisdiction is India. Significant judgments are involved in estimating budgeted 
profits for the purpose of payment of advance tax and in determining income tax provisions, including the amounts 
expected to be paid or recovered in respect of uncertain tax positions (Refer “Note No. 20”).
b) Property, Plants and Equipment: Property, Plants and Equipment represent a significant portion of the Company’s 
asset base. The charge for depreciation is determined based on an estimate of the asset’s expected useful life and 
residual value at the end of its useful life. The useful lives and residual values of assets are determined by the 
Company’s management at the time of acquisition and are reviewed periodically, including at each financial year 
end. The useful lives are based on those prescribed under Schedule - II to the Companies Act, 2013, or on technical 
estimates, considering the nature of the assets, expected usage, estimated residual values, and operating conditions. 
These estimates are based on historical experience with similar assets as well as expectations of future events that 
may impact useful life, such as technological or commercial obsolescence arising from changes or improvements 
in production processes or changes in market demand for the products or services generated by the assets.
c) Fair Value measurements of Financial Instruments : When the fair values of financial assets and financial 
liabilities recognised in the Standalone Balance Sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, 
they are determined using valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow model, which involve various 
judgments and assumptions. Where possible, inputs to these valuation models are derived from observable market 
data. Where observable inputs are not available, management is required to exercise judgment in determining fair 
value. Such judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk, and volatility. Changes 
in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of financial instruments.
d) Provisions and Contingent Liabilities : The Company’s management estimates provisions where there is a 
present obligation as a result of past events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle 
the obligation. Such provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and are adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimates. The Company applies significant judgement in assessing contingent liabilities. Contingent 
liabilities are disclosed where there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the Company, or where there is a present obligation that is not recognised because it is not probable that 
an outflow of resources will be required or the amount cannot be reliably measured. Contingent assets are neither 
recognised nor disclosed in the Standalone financial statements.
e) Impairment of Financial and Non - Financial Assets : The impairment provision for financial assets is based 
on assumptions regarding the risk of default and expected credit loss rates. The Company applies judgment in 
making these assumptions and in selecting inputs to the impairment calculations, based on its historical experience, 
prevailing market conditions, and forward-looking estimates at the end of the reporting period. In respect of 
non-financial assets, the Company estimates the recoverable amount, which is the higher of an asset’s (or cash-
generating unit’s) fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. In assessing value-in-use, estimated future 
cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions 
are considered. Where such transactions cannot be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
[page 115]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
110
f) Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities: Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in respect 
of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses or unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. The Company applies judgment in determining 
the amount of deferred tax that can be recognised, based on the expected timing and level of future taxable profits 
and anticipated business developments.
g) Amortization of Leasehold Land: The Company’s lease assets primarily consist of lease for industrial land. The 
lease premium is the fair value of land paid by the Company to the respective authorities at the time of acquisition 
and there is no liability at the end of the lease term. The lease premium paid by the Company has been amortized 
over the lease period on systematic basis and the same has been classified under Ind AS - 16, “Property, Plants 
and Equipment” and therefore, the requirements of both the Ind AS - 116 and Ind AS - 17, as to the period over 
which, and the manner in which, the right of use assets (under Ind AS - 116) or the assets arising from the finance 
lease (under Ind AS - 17) amortized as similar.
h) Recoverability of Trade Receivables : Judgment and estimates are involved in assessing the recoverability of 
overdue trade receivables and determining the requirement for provision against such receivables. The assessment 
requires management to evaluate various factors, including the creditworthiness of customers, historical collection 
trends, current market conditions, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, and any actions that may 
be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences 
may impact the amount of provision recognized in future reporting periods.
i) Defined Benefits Obligations : The costs of providing gratuity and other post-employment benefits are charged 
to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss in accordance with Ind AS 19, “Employee Benefits”, over the 
period during which the benefits are derived from employees’ services. These obligations are determined based on 
actuarial valuations and are measured using assumptions selected by the Company’s management. The actuarial 
valuation involves the use of estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual future outcomes. Significant 
assumptions include salary escalation rates, discount rates, expected return on plan assets and mortality rates. The 
related disclosures are provided in “Note No. 44 – Employee Benefits” . Due to the complexities involved in the 
valuation and the long-term nature of these obligations, the defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. Accordingly, management reviews and updates these assumptions at each standalone balance 
sheet date based on current market conditions and actuarial advice.
[page 116]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
111
2) Property, Plants and Equipments
S. 
No.
Particulars Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying Value
Cost As At 
01.04.2025
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost As At 
31.03.2026
Depreciation 
Upto 01.04.2025
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation 
As At 
31.03.2026
As At 
31.03.2026
As At 
31.03.2025
A Land
Freehold Land 626.24  307.01  -  933.25  -  -  -  -    933.25  626.24 
Leasehold Land  547.36  60.67  -  608.03  36.90  6.57  -  43.47  564.56  510.47 
B Building
Factory Building  8,134.36  1,208.50  383.41  8,134.36  1,155.81  257.21  65.45  1,347.57  7,611.89  6,978.55 
Non - Factory Building  443.54  -  -  443.54  40.12  7.50  -  47.62  395.92  403.42 
C Furniture and Fixtures
Furniture and Fixtures  233.01  16.69  -  249.70  87.83   23.04  -  110.87  138.83  145.18 
D Plant and Equipments
Plant and Machineries  13,777.99  1,577.88  175.43  15,180.44  1,733.40  582.61  42.05  2,273.96  12,906.48  12,044.59 
Electrical Installations  1,503.46  70.84  11.73  1,562.57  592.69  151.61  6.06  738.23  824.34  910.78 
Office Equipments  373.63  38.74  1.47  410.90  93.96  36.03  0.75  129.25  281.65  279.67 
E Motor Vehicles
Motor Vehicles  165.03  36.70  23.72  178.01  37.49  23.21  21.18  39.51  138.50  127.54 
F Computers and Peripherals
Computer and Peripherals  53.98  19.72   -    73.71  37.90  5.34  -    43.24  30.47  16.08 
Total…(`)  25,858.61  3,336.76  595.77  28,599.61  3,816.09  1,093.12  135.49  4,773.73  23,825.88  22,042.52 
S. 
No.
Particulars Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying Value
Cost As At               
01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost As At                
31.03.2025
Depreciation 
Upto 01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation                   
As At             
31.03.2025
As At      
31.03.2025
As At      
31.03.2025
A Land
Freehold Land  604.45  21.79  -    626.24  -    -    -    -    626.24  604.45 
Leasehold Land  547.36  -    -    547.36  31.40  5.49  -    36.90  510.47  515.96 
B Building
Factory Building  7,166.59  967.77  -    8,134.36  911.38  244.42  -    1,155.81  6,978.55  6,255.20 
Non - Factory Building  443.54  -    -    443.54  32.62  7.50  -    40.12  403.42  410.92 
C Furniture and Fixtures
Furniture and Fixtures  212.08  20.93  -    233.01  66.62  21.22  -    87.83  145.18  145.46 
D Plant and Equipments
Plant and Machineries  10,421.47  3,379.63  23.11  13,777.99  1,242.34  493.39  2.33  1,733.40  12,044.59  9,179.13 
Electrical Installations  1,337.35  166.12  -    1,503.46  448.33  144.36  -    592.69  910.78  889.02 
Office Equipments  210.23  164.38  0.98  373.63  68.65  25.31  -    93.96  279.67  141.58 
E Motor Vehicles
Motor Vehicles  115.42  49.61  -    165.03  21.12  16.37  -    37.49  127.54  94.30 
F Computers and Peripherals
Computer and Peripherals  47.74  6.75  0.50  53.98  32.98  4.98  0.06  37.90  16.08  14.76 
Total…(`)  21,106.22  4,776.98  24.59  25,858.61  2,855.45  963.04  2.39  3,816.09  22,042.52  18,250.78 
[page 117]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
112
1) Gross carrying amount and accumulated depreciation have been regrouped and netted in line with deemed cost exemption opted out by the Company as per Ind AS, with effect from April 01, 2018 i.e. date 
of transition to Ind AS for the Company.
2)  The title deeds of all immovable properties disclosed in the standalone financial statements are held in the name of the Company as at the reporting date.
3)  The amount of Contractual Commitments for the purpose of acquisition or constructions of the Property, Plants and Equipment are disclosed under “Note No. 48”
3)  Other Intangible Assets
S. 
No.
Particulars Gross Carrying Value Amortization Net Carrying Value
Cost As At 
01.04.2025
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost As At 
31.03.2026
Amortiza-
tion Upto 
01.04.2025
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Deprecia-
tion As At 
31.03.2026
As At 
31.03.2026
As At 
31.03.2025
A Software
Computer Software  141.95  -    -    141.95  134.86  7.10  -    141.95  -    7.10 
Total…(`)  141.95  -    -    141.95  134.86  7.10  -    141.95  -    7.10 
S. 
No.
Particulars Gross Carrying Value Amortization Net Carrying Value
Cost As At 
01.04.2024
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost As At 
31.03.2025
Deprecia-
tion Upto 
01.04.2024
Addition 
during made 
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Deprecia-
tion As At 
31.03.2025
As At 
31.03.2025
As At 
31.03.2024
A Software
Computer Software  141.95  -    -    141.95  127.89  6.97  -    134.86  7.10  14.07 
Total…(`)  141.95  -    -    141.95  127.89  6.97  -    134.86  7.10  14.07 
1) Gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization have been regrouped and netted in line with deemed cost exemption opted out by the Company as per Ind AS, with effect from April 01, 2018 i.e. 
date of transition to Ind AS for the Company.
2) The amount of Contractual Commitments for the purpose of acquisition or constructions of the Other Intangible Assets are disclosed under “Note No. 48”
[page 118]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
113
4 Ca pital Work-in-Progress* ( ` in Lakhs)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Capital Work-in-Progress
For Electrical Installations  30.45  51.72 
For Factory Building  946.97  1,175.45 
For Plant and Machineries  726.06  1,017.47 
For Other Property, Plants and Equipment  4.97  13.98 
Total…(`)  1,708.46  2,258.62 
* Refer “Note No. 40” for ageing analysis of Capital Work-in-Progress.
5 Non - Current Investments                                                                                                                           (`  in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investment in Equity Instruments
Unquoted Equity Shares, Fully Paid Up
a) Investments in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company (WOS)
{Measured at Costs (Refered at "Note No. 1.4.j")}
Fully Paid up with Face Value of ` 10 each unless otherwise specified
50,00,000 (Prev Year 10,00,000) Equity Share of MMP Electricals Private Limited*  534.00  134.00 
50,00,000 (Prev Year NIL) Equity Share of MMP Cables Private Limited*  532.88  -   
2,50,000 (Prev Year NIL) Equity Share of MMP Alutech Private Limited  25.00  -   
Total…(`)  1,091.88  134.00 
Unquoted Equity Shares, Fully Paid Up
a) Investments in Associate Companies
{Measured at Costs (Refered at "Note No. 1.4.j")}
Fully Paid up with Face Value of ` 10 each unless otherwise specified
9,98,260 (Prev Year 9,98,260) Equity Share of Star Circlips and Engineering Limited  97.83  97.83 
70,22,600 (Prev Year 70,22,600) Equity Share of Toyal MMP India Private Limited  702.26  702.26 
Total…(`) (B)  800.09  800.09 
Investment in Preference Instruments**
Unquoted Preference Shares, Fully Paid Up
Fully Paid up with Face Value of ` 10 each unless otherwise specified
50,00,000 (Prev Year NIL), 7.00% Non - Cumulative Redeemable Preference Share 
of MMP Electricals Private Limited
 500.00  -   
Total…(`) (C)  500.00  -   
Total…(`) (A + B + C)  2,391.97  934.09 
* The amount has been adjusted after considering the corporate guarantee provided by the Company on behalf of its wholly 
owned subsidiaries for availing credit facilities from banks and financial institutions. Under the terms of the guarantee, the 
Company has undertaken to ensure repayment of borrowings and discharge the financial obligations of the wholly owned 
subsidiaries in the event of default. Accordingly, the adjustment reflects the financial impact arising from such corporate 
guarantee arrangement.
** 50,00,000, 7.00% Non - Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of ₹ 10 each of MMP Electricals Private Limited (“the 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company”) were allotted on March 9, 2026. The said preference shares are redeemable at par on 
March 9, 2031 at ₹ 10 per share.
The preference shares carry a preferential right to receive dividend at the rate of 7.00% per annum on a non-cumulative basis 
and also carry a preferential right towards repayment of capital in the event of winding up of the Company. The holders of 
these preference shares are entitled to voting rights only in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. These 
preference shares are unsecured and are not convertible into equity shares of the Company. The said preference shares were 
allotted for the purpose of funding the establishment and development of the manufacturing plant of the Subsidiary Company, 
including meeting capital expenditure requirements and supporting the implementation of its business operations.
[page 119]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
114
5.1 Classification of Investments                                                                                                                         (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Equity Instruments
Quoted, Fully Paid Up
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Cost  -  -
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Market Value  -  -
Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments  1,891.97  934.09 
Aggregate Amount of Impairment in Value of Investments  -  -
5.2 Category Wise Classification of Investments  (`  in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Equity Instruments
Financial Assets measured at Amortized Costs  -  -
Financial Assets measured at Costs  1,891.97  934.09 
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income  -  -
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss  -  -
5.3 Classification of Investments ( `  in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Preference Shares
Quoted, Fully Paid Up
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Cost  -    -   
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Market Value  -    -   
Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments  500.00  -   
Aggregate Amount of Impairment in Value of Investments  -    -   
5.4  Category Wise Classification of Investments  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Preference Shares
Financial Assets measured at Amortized Costs  500.00  -   
Financial Assets measured at Costs  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss  -    -   
6   Loans  (`  in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Loans to Related Parties  -    -   
Loans to Employees*  20.97  17.55 
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances**  -    -   
Total…(`)  20.97  17.55 
6.1 Category Wise Classification of Loans ( `in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Secured, Considered Good  -    -   
Unsecured, Considered Good  20.97  17.55 
Loans which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -    -   
Loans receivable - Credit impaired  -    -   
Total…(`)  20.97  17.55 
[page 120]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
115
No amount of loans are due from directors or other officers of the Company, either severally or jointly with any other person, 
nor from firms, private companies, or other entities in which any director is a partner, director, or member as at the reporting 
date.
** Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk.
7 Other Non - Current Financial Assets ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Security Deposits  20.35  23.14 
Term Deposits held as Margin Money against Bank Guarantee and Other 
Commitments*
 113.16  106.39 
Total…(`)(A)  133.51  129.53 
Other Receivables  703.86  700.86 
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances**  283.19  229.93 
Total…(`) (B)  420.66  470.92 
Total…(`) (A + B)  554.18  600.46 
The term deposits held by the Company with Federal Bank Limited comprise time deposits with varying maturities ranging 
from one year to two years and carry interest at the respective applicable deposit rates. These deposits are held under lien / 
pledge with the bank as cash collateral security against borrowings availed by the Company, amounting to ₹ 2,000.00 Lakhs 
(Prev Year ₹ 2,000.00 Lakhs).  
 Refer “Note No. 39B” for the information of credit risk and market risk.
8 Other Non - Current Assets (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Capital Advances*  595.98  198.30 
Advances other than Capital Advances  -    -   
Income Tax Refund Receivables  101.76  3.28 
Total…(`)  697.74  201.57 
* No amounts of capital advances are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with any 
other persons, nor due from firms or private companies or other entities in which director is partner, a director or a as at the 
reporting date.
9 Current Tax Assets (Net) (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Advance Income Tax (Net)
Advance Income Tax (Net of Provision for Income Tax)  -    78.66 
 Total…(`)  -    78.66 
10 Inventories (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Inventories**
(Valued at lower of Cost and Net Realizable Value)
Finished Goods  2,956.75  3,711.73 
Packing Materials  141.85  183.40 
Raw Material  5,356.24  3,190.68 
Stores, Spares and Consumables  447.58  456.77 
Trading Stocks  0.78  2.40 
Work-in-Progress  6,713.37  5,927.18 
Total…(`)  15,616.57  13,472.16 
Cost of inventories recognized as an expense during the reporting period is disclosed in “Note No. 32”.
Cost of inventories recognized as an expense included ` NIL (Prev Year ` NIL) in respect of written down value of inventories 
to the net realizable value. There has been no reversal towards such written down value in the current reporting period and 
previous reporting period.
[page 121]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
116
11 Trade Receivables*                                                                                                                                     (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Unsecured**
Considered Good  8,859.66  8,968.97 
Considered Doubtful  26.36  30.24 
Receivables - Credit Impaired  -    -   
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances  63.41  47.87 
Total…(`)  8,822.61  8,951.34 
* Refer "Note No. 39B" for the Information of credit risk and market risk for Trade Receivables.
** Refer "Note No. 41" for aging analysis of Trade Receivables.
No trade receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company, either severally or jointly with any other 
person, nor from firms, private companies, or other entities in which any director is a partner, director, or member, except for 
receivables amounting to ₹ 03.45 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 43.77 Lakhs) due from associate companies. (Refer “Note No. 45” for 
further details).
12 Cash and Cash Equivalents (`in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
A) Cash and Cash Equivalents
Balances with Banks
In Current Account  53.48  1,071.20 
Cash-in-Hand  2.90  5.22 
Total…(`)(A)  56.38  1,076.42 
B) Other Balances with Banks
Unpaid Dividend**  4.29  2.88 
Term Deposits with the original maturity of less than three months  -    -   
Total…(`)(B)  4.29  2.88 
 Total…(`)(A + B)  60.67  1,079.30 
* There are no restrictions on the utilizsation of cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the current and previous reporting 
periods.
** The Company can utilize these balances only for the purpose of settlement of unclaimed dividend / unpaid dividend 
amounts. Accordingly, such balances are not available for use in the normal course of business operations or for any other 
corporate purposes. .
13 Loans  ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Loans to Related Parties**  -    285.00 
Loans to Employees  24.00  16.48 
Loans to Other Parties  -    -   
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances***  -    -   
Total…(`)  24.00  301.48 
13.1 Category Wise Classification of Loans ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Secured, Considered Good  -  -
Unsecured, Considered Good  24.00  301.48 
Loans which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -
Loans receivable - Credit impaired  -  -
Total…(`)  24.00  301.48 
[page 122]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
117
* No amount of loans and advances are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with 
any other persons, nor due from firms or private companies respectively in which director is partner, a director or a member 
except ` 285.00 Lakhs (Prev Year `NIL) due from the wholly owned subsidiary company. (Refer “Note No. 45” for further 
reference).
** Details of loans and advances in the nature of loans granted to the related parties (Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company) 
(as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with any persons that are repayable on demand basis.
Particulars 31.03.2026
Amount of 
loan and 
advances in the 
nature of loan 
outstanding
Percentage to 
the total loan 
and advances 
in the nature of 
loans
Loans
Loans to Related Parties  -   0.00%
Particulars 31.03.2025
Amount of 
loan and 
advances in the 
nature of loan 
outstanding
Percentage to 
the total loan 
and advances 
in the nature of 
loans
Loans
Loans to Related Parties  285.00 94.53%
Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk.   
14 Other Current Financial Assets ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Interest Receivables  1.81  2.48 
Insurance Claim Receivables  793.05  -   
Receivables from Wholly Owned Subsidiary  -    234.97 
Rent Receivables  5.57  6.21 
Term Deposits held as Margin Money with Banks against Bank Guarantee and 
Commission**
 129.08  93.98 
Total…(`)  929.51  337.64 
* The amount represents the insurance claim receivable by the Company in respect of the fire incident that occurred at the 
Umred Plant on April 11, 2026, which resulted in loss and damage to certain assets and inventories of the Company. The 
claim amount has been recognized based on the final claim bill submitted to the insurance company and represents the amount 
considered recoverable by the management as at the reporting date. (Refer "Note No. 52" for further details).
** No amounts of receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company, either severally or jointly with any 
other person, nor from firms, private companies or other entities in which any director is a partner, director or member, except 
for receivables aggregating ₹ NIL (Prev Year ₹ 234.97 Lakhs) due from the wholly owned subsidiary company (Refer "Note 
No. 45" for further details).
*** The term deposits held by the Company with banks and financial institutions comprise time deposits with varying maturities 
of less than one year and carry interest at the respective applicable deposit rates. These deposits are held under lien / pledged 
with the respective banks and financial institutions as security against bank guarantees issued on behalf of the Company in 
favour of Government authorities and other institutions, amounting to ₹ 445.72 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 413.13 Lakhs).
[page 123]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
118
15 Other Current Assets (` in Lakhs)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Advances to Vendor's  250.36  134.33 
Employee Advances  2.41  1.62 
Balances with the Revenue Authorities  35.44  80.40 
Other Receivables  41.67  55.15 
Total…(`)  329.88  271.50 
* No advances and receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with any 
other persons, nor due from firms or private companies respectively in which director is partner, a director or a member.
16 Equity Share Capital (` in Lakhs)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 Nos. `  Nos. `
Authorized
Equity Shares of `10 Each  26,000,000  2,600.00  26,000,000  2,600.00 
 26,000,000  2,600.00  26,000,000  2,600.00 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid Up
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each  25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
Total…(`)  25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
a) Reconciliation of the equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 Nos. `  Nos. `
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the reporting 
period…(`)
 2,54,02,613  2,540.26  25,402,613 
 
 2,540.26 
Shares issued during the reporting period  -    -    -    -   
Shares bought Back during the reporting period  -    -    -    -   
Shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period…
(`)
 2,5402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613   2,540.26 
b) Terms / Rights attached to Equity Shares
i)  The Company has only one class of shares - referred to as - equity shares having a par value of `10 per share. Each 
holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
ii)   As per the Companies Act, 2013, in the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be 
entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all the preferential amounts. However, no 
such preferential amounts exists currently. The distribution will be in the proportion to the number of equity shares 
held by the Shareholders.
iii) The Company declares and pays the dividend in Indian Rupees ( `). The payment of dividend is also made in 
foreign currency to the shareholders outside India. The final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject 
to the approval of the shareholders in their ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM), except in case of interim 
dividend.
c) Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company*
Name of Shareholders  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
N o .  o f                  
Shares held % of Holding N o .  o f                  
Shares held % of Holding 
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each Fully Paid Up
Shri Arun Bhandari  6,959,461 27.40%  6,959,461 27.40%
Master Vivaan Bhandari (Minor)  1,459,089 5.74%  1,459,089 5.74%
Mayank Fastners Private Limited  4,784,341 18.83%  4,784,341 18.83%
Smt. Saroj Bhandari  3,255,507 12.81%  3,255,507 12.81%
Total Nos. of Shares Held  16,458,398 64.78%  16,458,398 64.78%
[page 124]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
119
* As per the records of the Company, including the Register of Members, the above information has been verified and certified 
by the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company.
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2026, recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two Only) per 
equity share having a face value of ₹ 10 each, being 20% of the face value of the equity shares, aggregating to ₹ 508.05 Lakhs, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Accordingly, the same has not 
been recognized as a liability as at March 31, 2026, in accordance with the applicable indian accounting standards. The Board 
of Directors did not declare any interim dividend during the reporting period. (Refer “Note No. 50” for further reference).
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2025, had recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two Only) 
per equity share having a face value of ₹ 10 each for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The said proposal was approved 
by the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 8, 2025, resulting in a cash outflow of 
₹ 508.05 Lakhs during the reporting period (Refer "Note No. 50" for further details)
d) Shares held by the promotors as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 at the end of period
Name of Promotors
 31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
No. of Shares 
held
Percentage of 
Holding 
No. of Shares 
held
Percentage of 
Holding 
Equity Shares of ₹ 10 Each Fully Paid Up
Master Vivaan Bhandari (Minor)  1,459,089 5.74%  1,459,089 5.74%
Mayank Fastners Private Limited  4,784,341 18.83%  4,784,341 18.83%
Ms. Rohini Bhandari  224,325 0.88%  224,325 0.88%
Rohini Farms and Agriculture Private Limited  123,750 0.49%  123,750 0.49%
Shri Arun Bhandari  6,959,461 27.40%  6,959,461 27.40%
Shri Mayank Bhandari  565,438 2.23%  565,438 2.23%
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari  390,600 1.54%  390,600 1.54%
Smt. Saroj Bhandari  3,255,507 12.81%  3,255,507 12.81%
Star Circlips and Engineerings Limited  1,158,268 4.56%  1,158,268 4.56%
Total Nos. of Shares  18,920,779 74.48%  18,920,779 74.48%
17 Other Equity  (₹ in Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI
Total 
Other 
Equity
Capital           
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained           
Earnings
Cash Flow        
Hedge    
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through 
OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Balance as at April 01, 2024 
(A)  40.32  6,789.49  16,090.54  -    -    2.06  22,922.40 
Addition made during the 
reporting period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the 
reporting period  -    -    3,334.13  -    -    -    3,334.13 
Addition made during the 
reporting period  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of 
Profit and Loss  -    -    (15.90)  -    -    10.81  (5.10)
Items of the Other 
Comprehensive Income for 
the period (Net of taxes)
 -    -    -    -    -    (23.84)  (23.84)
Remeasurement benefit of 
defined benefits plan (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net fair value gain on 
investments in equity 
instruments through OCI (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net Movement of Cash Flow 
Hedge Reserves (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
[page 125]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
120
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI
Total 
Other 
Equity
Capital           
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained           
Earnings
Cash Flow        
Hedge    
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through 
OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year 2024 - 2025 (B)  -    -    3,318.23  -    -    (13.03)  3,305.19 
Reduction made during the 
reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note 
No. 50")  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    381.04 
Total reductions made 
during the reporting period 
(C)  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    381.04 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
(D) = (A + B - C)  40.32  6,789.49  19,027.72  -    -    (10.98) 25,846.55 
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI
Total 
Other 
Equity
Capital           
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained           
Earnings
Cash Flow        
Hedge    
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through 
OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Balance as at April 01, 2025 
(A)  40.32  6,789.49  19,027.72  -    -    (10.98)  25,846.55 
Addition made during the 
reporting period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the 
reporting period  -    -    2,642.94  -    -    -    2,642.94 
Addition made during the 
reporting period  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of 
Profit and Loss  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Items of the Other 
Comprehensive Income for 
the period (Net of taxes)
 -    -    -    -    -   - -
Remeasurement benefit of 
defined benefits plan (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    (110.76)  (110.76)
Net fair value gain on 
investments in equity 
instruments through OCI (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net Movement of Cash Flow 
Hedge Reserves (Net)
 -    -    -    (7.57)  -    -    (7.57)
Total Comprehensive Income 
for the year 2025 - 2026 (B)  -    -    2,642.94  (7.57)  -    (110.76)  2,524.60 
Reduction made during the 
reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note 
No. 50")  -    -    508.05  -    -    -    508.05 
Total reductions made 
during the reporting period 
(C)
 -    -    508.05  -    -    -    508.05 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
(D) = (A + B - C)  40.32  6,789.49  21,162.61  (7.57)  -    (121.74) 27,863.10 
[page 126]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
121
Description of Nature and Purpose of the Reserves
a) Capital Reserve: Capital Reserve represents the capital incentive received from the Sales Tax Department for setting up 
manufacturing plants in the State of Maharashtra. The incentive has been granted subject to compliance with specified 
terms and conditions prescribed by the relevant authorities, and any non-compliance with such conditions may result in 
withdrawal or forfeiture of the incentive.
b) Securities Premium: Securities Premium represents the premium received on the issue of equity shares by the Company. 
The balance in this account is utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
c) Remeasurement of Defined Benefits Plan: This reserve represents the cumulative actuarial gains and losses arising from 
the remeasurement of defined benefit obligations in accordance with Ind AS 19 - "Employee Benefits", which have been 
recognized in Other Comprehensive Income and are not subsequently reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
d) Equity Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income:  This reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses 
arising from changes in the fair value of equity instruments designated under the irrevocable option to be measured at 
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) in accordance with applicable indian accounting standards. 
Upon derecognition / disposal of such investments, the cumulative gains or losses are transferred within equity to 
retained earnings and are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
e) Cash Flow Hedge Reserves:  This reserve represents the effective portion of cumulative gains and losses arising on 
hedging instruments designated in cash flow hedge relationships. The amounts recognized in this reserve are reclassified 
to the Statement of Profit and Loss or included in the carrying amount of the related non-financial asset or liability, 
as appropriate, when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss or results in recognition of a non-financial asset or 
liability.
e) Retained Earnings: Retained Earnings represent the cumulative profits earned by the Company, net of accumulated 
losses, appropriations, and distributions such as dividends, which remain undistributed as at the reporting date.
18 Borrowings  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Non - Current
Secured
Term Loans
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Indian Rupee Loans  1,949.35  2,782.62 
Foreign Currency Loans  -    -   
Total…(₹)(A)  1,949.35  2,782.62 
Unsecured
From Related Parties  30.00  30.00 
From Other Body Corporates  -    -   
Total…(₹)(B)  30.00  30.00 
Total…(₹)(A + B)  1,979.35  2,812.62 
Nature of Securities and Terms of Repayments
a)  Term loans availed from Axis Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge over the present and future Property, 
Plants and Equipment of the Company. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage 
over the factory land and building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, 
held in the name of the Company. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and 
building situated at Survey No. 1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held 
in the name of the Company, and by mortgage of Plot Nos. B-28 and B-28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra 
and Mahindra, Hingna Road, Nagpur, Maharashtra - 440016, held in the name of the Company. These credit facilities 
are additionally secured by irrevocable personal guarantees provided by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of 
the Company.
b)  The COVID term loan availed from Axis Bank Limited was obtained to address the liquidity mismatch arising due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The loan is repayable in equated monthly instalments of ₹ 18.17 Lakhs commencing from March 
2024 and is repayable in full on or before March 2027.
[page 127]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
122
c)  The term loan availed from Axis Bank Limited was obtained for the construction of the factory building and procurement 
of Plants and Equipment, including solar power equipment, at the Company’s existing plant located at Umred, Nagpur. 
The loan is repayable in equated monthly instalments of ₹ 33.33 Lakhs commencing from February 2026, and is 
repayable in full on or before January 2031. The said term loan is secured by way of an equitable mortgage over the 
factory land and building situated at Plot Nos. D15/2 and D16, Umred, Nagpur, held in the name of the Company.
d)  Term loans availed from Citi Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge over the present and future Property, 
Plants and Equipment of the Company. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage 
over the factory land and building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, 
held in the name of the Company. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and 
building situated at Survey No. 1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held 
in the name of the Company, and by mortgage of Plot Nos. B-28 and B-28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra 
and Mahindra, Hingna Road, Nagpur, Maharashtra - 440016, held in the name of the Company. The said facilities are 
further secured by a demand promissory note amounting to ₹ 2,500 Lakhs and irrevocable personal guarantees provided 
by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the Company.
e)  The term loan availed from Citi Bank Limited was obtained for the purpose of setting up a solar power plants at the 
Company’s existing plant situated at Shahpur, Bhandara. The loan is repayable in equated quarterly instalments of ₹ 
60.00 Lakhs commencing from March 2025, and is repayable in full on or before December 2028.
f)  Term loans obtained from the related parties are unsecured in nature and are repayable on demand.
19. Long Term Financial Liabilities
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Corporate Guarantee Liabilities*  58.60  34.00 
Retention Money relating to Capital Expenditures**  60.73  56.50 
Retention Money relating to Employees  7.64  2.23 
Total…(`)  126.98  92.73 
* Corporate guarantee liabilities represents the financial guarantee obligation recognised by the Company in respect of 
corporate guarantees issued on behalf of subsidiaries for availing credit facilities from banks and financial institutions. Such 
liability is initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 109 - 
"Financial Instruments".
** Retention money amounts withheld by the Company from payments due to vendors and contractors in accordance with 
the terms of the respective agreements. Such amounts are generally payable upon satisfactioy completion of contractual 
obligations and expiry bof the defect liability period, whereever applicable.
20 Income Taxes
A  The major components of income tax expenses during the year are as under:  (₹ in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
i) Income tax recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax
In respect of current year  715.11  737.88 
Adjustment in respect of previous year  0.57  1.54 
Deferred Tax
In respect of current year  309.51  487.68 
Income tax expenses recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss  1,025.19  1,227.10 
ii) Income tax recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax
On account of remeasurement of defined benefit plans  (37.25)  (2.92)
On account of net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments  -    -   
On account of cash flow hedge reserves  (2.55)  -   
On account of remeaurement defined benefit plans (adjuted other equity)  -    (5.10)
Income tax expenses recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income  (39.80)  (8.02)
[page 128]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
123
B Reconciliation of Tax Expenses and the Accounting Profit for the year is as under:  (₹ in Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
1 Net Profit / (Loss) Before Tax  3,668.13  4,561.23 
2 Income tax rate 25.168% 25.168%
3 Income tax expenses calculated on above  923.20  1,147.97 
4 Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  111.79  19.44 
5 Tax effect on difference in carrying value and tax base of land  -    85.36 
6 Others  (10.37)  (27.20)
7 Total  1,024.62  1,225.56 
8 Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year  0.57  1.54 
9 Tax expenses as per Statement of Profit and Loss  1,025.19  1,227.10 
The tax rate used for reconciliation above is Corporate Tax rate at the rate 25.168% (Prev Year 25.168%) payable by the 
Corporate Entities on taxable profits under Indian Tax Laws.
C The major components of Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets) arising on account of timing differences as follows:
As At March 31, 2026 (₹ in Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars
Balance 
Sheet
Profit and 
Loss
OCI Balance 
Sheet
01.04.2025 2025 - 2026 2025 - 2026 31.03.2026
1 Difference between written down value on Property, Plants 
and Equipments as per books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 
1961
 1,729.16  355.48  -    2,084.64 
2 Allowance for unsecured doubtful debts and advances  (69.92)  (17.32)  -    (87.23)
3 Provision for expenses allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis
 (100.12)  (28.65)  -    (128.77)
4 Cash Flow Hedge Reserves  -    -    (2.55)  (2.55)
5 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans through Other 
Comprehensive Income
 (3.64)  -    (37.25)  (40.90)
6 Deferred Tax Expenses / (Benefits)  309.51  (39.80)
7 Net Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets)  1,555.48  1,825.20 
 At March 31, 2025  (₹ in Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars
Balance Sheet Profit and Loss OCI Balance Sheet
01.04.2024 2024 - 2025 2024 - 2025 31.03.2025
1 Difference between written down value on 
Property, Plants and Equipment as per books of 
accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 1,325.49  403.67  -    1,729.16 
2 Allowance for unsecured doubtful debts and 
advances
 (77.13)  7.21  -    (69.92)
3 Provision for expenses allowed for tax purpose on 
payment basis
 (91.55)  (8.57)  -    (100.12)
4 Difference in carrying value and tax base of land  (85.36)  85.36  -    -   
5 Remeasurements of defined benefits plan through 
Other Comprehensive Income
 (0.72)  -    (2.92)  (3.64)
7 Deferred Tax Expenses / (Benefits)  487.68  (2.92)
8 Net Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets)  1,070.73  1,555.48 
[page 129]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
124
21 Long - Term Provisions (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Employee Benefits*
Gratuity (Unfunded)  421.14  233.06 
Leave Encashment (Unfunded)  62.81  58.16 
Total…(`)  483.95  291.23 
** Refer “Note No. 44” for further reference.
22 Other Non - Current Liabilities   (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Deferred revenue income arising from grants and subsidies*  124.44  131.03 
Total…(`)  124.44  131.03 
* Deferred Revenue Income represents grants and subsidies received by the Company, which are recognized in theStatement  
  of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the related assets or over the period of the related obligations    
  in accordance with applicable indian accounting standards.
23 Short - Term Borrowings  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Current
Secured
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Foreign Currency Loan  -    -   
Indian Currency Loan  9,348.06  8,957.69 
Export Packing Credit  -    403.20 
Total…(`)(A)  9,348.06  9,360.88 
Unsecured
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Foreign Currency Loan  -  -
Indian Currency Loan  2,996.00  2,509.23 
Total…(`)(B)  2,996.00  2,509.23 
Current Maturities
Secured (Term Loans)
Indian Currency Loan  839.83  524.67 
Hire Purchase Loans  -  -
Total…(`) (C)  839.83  524.67 
Total…(`)(A + B + C)  13,183.89  12,394.78 
Nature of Securities and Terms of Repayments
a)  Working capital loans and export packing credit facilities availed from Axis Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-
passu charge by way of hypothecation over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of 
the Company, both present and future. These credit facilities are further secured by an equitable mortgage over the 
immovable properties as detailed in "Note No. 18" of the standalone financial statements.
b)  Working capital facilities availed from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited are secured by a first pari - passu charge by way 
of hypothecation over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of the Company, both 
present and future. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage over the factory land 
and building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, held in the name 
of the Company. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and building situated at 
[page 130]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
125
Survey No. 1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held in the name of the 
Company, and by mortgage of Plot Nos. B-28 and B-28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra and Mahindra, 
Hingna Road, Nagpur, Maharashtra – 440016, held in the name of the Company. These credit facilities are additionally 
secured by irrevocable personal guarantees provided by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the Company.
a)  Working capital loans availed from Citi Bank Limited are secured by a first pari - passu charge by way of hypothecation 
over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of the Company, both present and future. 
These credit facilities are further secured by an equitable mortgage over the immovable properties as detailed in "Note 
No. 18" of the standalone financial statements.
d)  Working capital facilities availed from Federal Bank Limited are secured by lien / pledge over term deposits amounting 
to ₹ 100.00 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 100.00 Lakhs). Such term deposits are held as cash collateral security against the credit 
facilities sanctioned by the bank and financial institutions. The remaining portion of the said facilities are unsecured in 
nature.
e)  Working capital facilities availed from Shinhan Bank are unsecured in nature and are repayable on demand. The facilities 
carry interest at the rate of 7.55% per annum. These credit facilities are secured by irrevocable personal guarantees 
provided by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the Company.
f)  Purchase Bill Financing (PBF) availed from banks and financial institutions is unsecured in nature and has been 
obtained to meet the working capital requirements of the Company. The said facility carries an interest rate of 9.05% per 
annum.  
24 Trade Payables*  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Trade Payables (Including Acceptance)**
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises***  874.78  833.86 
Due to Others#  3,740.93  1,878.78 
Total…(`)  4,615.71  2,712.65 
* Refer "Note No. 42" for aging analysis of Trade Payables.
** Acceptance arrangements include arrangements whereby operational suppliers of goods and services are initially paid 
by banks and financial institutions on behalf of the Company, while the Company continues to recognise the corresponding 
liability until settlement with such banks and financial institutions, which is generally effected within a period of 90 days. The 
amount outstanding under such arrangements as at the reporting date is ₹ NIL (Prev Year ₹ NIL).
*** The Company has certain dues to suppliers covered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 
2006 (‘MSMED Act, 2006’). The disclosures pursuant to the provisions of the said MSMED Act, 2006 are as follows:
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Principal amount due to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 
and remaining amount unpaid at the end of the reporting period
 874.78  833.86 
Interest due to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 and remaining 
unpaid at the end of the period
 -  -
Principal amount paid to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 beyond 
the stipulated day during the period
 -  -
Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act, 2006 to the suppliers registered under 
the Act, beyond the "Appointed Day" during the period
 -  -
Interest due or payable towards the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 
for the payments already made 
 -  -
Further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier period  -  -
Dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the 
basis of information provided and collected by the Management. The same has been relied upon by the Auditors.
# Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk for Trade Payables.
[page 131]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
126
25 Other Financial Liabilities  ( ₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investor Education and Protection Fund*
Unclaimed / Unpaid Dividend  4.29  2.88 
Total…(`)(A)  4.29  2.88 
Others
Audit Fees Payable  2.52  2.07 
Capital Creditors**  148.56  456.59 
Foreign Currency Forward Contract Payables  57.02  -   
Interest Accrued but not yet due  32.05  72.53 
Liabilities for Expenses  692.47  411.93 
Liabilities towards Services***  391.01  325.55 
Payable towards Employees  175.98  160.13 
Payable towards Direct Tax  27.60  32.07 
Payable towards Indirect Tax  82.63  279.90 
Statutory Dues Payable  29.75  26.95 
Total…(`)(B)  1,639.59  1,767.72 
Total…(`)(A + B)  1,643.88  1,770.60 
** As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there were no amounts due and outstanding required to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund ("IEPF") under section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013. Any unclaimed dividend, if 
applicable, shall be transferred to the IEPF as and when it becomes due in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
** Out of the above Capital Creditors, ₹ 38.87 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 177.75 Lakhs) represents dues to suppliers covered under 
the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”). Refer “Note No. 42.1” for ageing 
analysis of Capital Creditors.
*** Out of the above Liabilities towards Services, ₹ 12.67 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 94.22 Lakhs) represents dues to suppliers 
covered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”). Refer “Note No. 
42.2” for ageing analysis of Liabilities towards Services.
26 Other Current Liabilities  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Advance received from Customer's  268.86  269.33 
Total…(`)  268.86  269.33 
27 Short - Term Provisions (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Employee Benefits*
Gratuity (Unfunded)  190.25  74.48
Leave Encashment (Unfunded)  24.77  20.39 
Total…(`)  215.01  136.73 
* Refer “Note No. 44” for further reference.
28 Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Income Tax (Net)
Provision for Income Tax  715.11  -   
Less: Advance Income Tax  (550.00)  -   
Less: Tax Dedcuted at Source Receivables  (53.10)  -   
Less: Tax Collected at Source Receivables  (0.20)  -   
Total…(`)  111.80  -   
[page 132]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
127
The tax rate used for the above calculation represents the corporate tax rate of 25.168% (Prev Year 25.168%), being the rate 
applicable to corporate entities on taxable profits in accordance with the Indian Income Tax laws.
29 Revenue from Operations  (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Revenue from Operations
Sale of Products*
Domestic Market  77,923.52  66,546.32 
Export Market  3,836.87  2,300.88 
Trading Sales  6.06  9.93 
Total Sale of Products…(`)(A)  81,766.45  68,857.13 
Sale of Services*
Job Work Receipts  328.40  277.50 
Export Services  -    -   
Total Sale of Services…(`)(B)  328.40  277.50 
Other Operating Revenue
Duty Draw Back Entitlements  43.70  26.69 
RoDTEP  30.04  24.68 
Total Other Operating Revenue…(`)(C)  73.74  51.37 
Total…(`)(A + B + C)  82,168.59  69,185.99 
* The Company acts as an agent in collecting Goods and Services Tax (GST) on behalf of the Government. Accordingly, GST 
recovered from customers does not form part of the consideration received for goods sold or services rendered and is not 
recognised as revenue. Revenue from Operations is presented net of GST in the standalone financial statements.
Particulars 2025- 2026 2024 - 2025
Timing of Revenue Recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time  81,766.45  68,857.13 
Services transferred over the time  328.40  277.50 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,094.85  69,134.62 
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,168.59  69,185.99 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Disaggregation of revenue based on products and services
Aluminium Powder and Paste  50,403.54  43,793.05 
Aluminium Foils  21,520.37  15,417.53 
Aluminium Conductors  9,997.96  9,666.99 
Others  246.73  308.42 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,168.59  69,185.99 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Disaggregation by locations of customers
In India 78,257.99  66,833.74 
Outside India 3,836.87  2,300.88 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,094.85 69,134.62
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,168.59  69,185.99 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Reconciliation of Revenue recongnized in the Statement of Profit and Loss with 
Contracted Price
Revenue as per Contracted Price  82,192.26  69,516.04 
Less: Rebates, discounts and other deductions  97.40  381.41 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,094.85  69,134.62 
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
[page 133]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
128
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,168.59  69,185.99 
Peformance Obligations
Sales of Product: Performance obligation in respect of the sale of goods is satisfied when control of the goods is transferred to 
the customer, generally upon delivery. Revenue is recognised at that point in time, and payment is generally due in accordance 
with the terms of the contracts entered into with customers.
Sales of Services: Performance obligation in respect of rendering of services is satisfied either over time or upon completion 
and acceptance of the services by the customers, in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Accordingly, 
revenue from such services is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied, and payment is generally due upon 
completion and acceptance of the services by the customers.
During the reporting period and the previous reporting period, the Company did not have any remaining performance 
obligations, as the contracts entered into for the sale of goods and rendering of services were of short - term duration.n. 
30 Other Income   (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Interest Income
On Other Financial Assets carried at Amortized Costs  33.25  13.06 
On Other Assets  7.82  2.97 
Total Interest Income…(`)(A)  41.07  16.04 
Other Non - Opearting Revenues
Corporate Gurantee Commission (Notional)  8.28  -   
Dividend Income*  9.98  49.91 
Foreign Exchange Gain or Loss (Net)  55.32  63.09 
Misc. Income  0.85  0.72 
Rental Income  15.00  15.00 
Scrap Sales  0.13  -   
Subsidy or Grant (Deferred)  9.88  9.79 
Sundry Balances Written Off (Net)  9.74  -   
Total Non - Operating Income…(`)(B)  109.18  138.51 
Total…(`)(A + B)  150.25  154.55 
* Dividend income represents dividends received from the Company’s associate companies. Dividend income is recognised 
when the Company obtains the unconditional right to receive such dividend and when it is probable that the economic benefits 
associated with the transaction will flow to the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably.
31 Cost of Materials Consumed  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Consumption of Raw Materials
Stock at the beginning of the reporting period  3,190.68  2,982.16 
Add: Purchases made during the reporting period  66,836.99  54,321.18 
Add: Direct expenses incurred during the reporting period  174.43  193.87 
Less: Stock at the end of the reporting period  5,356.24  3,190.68 
Less: Goods destoryed due to fire  17.87  -   
Consumption of Raw Materials…(`) (A)  64,828.00  54,306.52 
Consumption of Packing Materials
Stock at the beginning of the reporting period  183.40  151.77 
Add: Purchases made during the reporting period  1,172.79  1,264.10 
[page 134]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
129
Add: Direct expenses incurred during the reporting period  2.41  4.78 
Less: Stock at the end of the reporting period  141.85  183.40 
Less: Goods destoryed due to fire  39.16  -   
Consumption of Packing Materials…(`) (B)  1,177.58  1,237.25
Total Consumption of Materials…(`) (A + B)  66,005.58  55,543.77
32 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Trading Stock  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Changes in Inventories
Stock at the beginning of the Reporting Period
Finished Goods  3,711.73  1,943.82
Work-in-Progress  5,927.18  5,625.43
Trading Stock  2.40  2.30
 9,641.31  7,571.55
Stock at the end of the Reporting Period
Finished Goods  2,956.75  3,711.73
Work-in-Progress  6,713.37  5,927.18
Trading Stock  0.78  2.40
 9,670.90  9,641.31
Goods destoryed due to fire*  526.00  -
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories…(`)  (555.60)  (2,069.76)
* On April 11, 2025, an accidental fire broke out at the manufacturing facilities situated at the Umred Plant of the Company, 
resulting in damage to certain plants and machineries, inventory, and other related assets. The incident was duly reported 
to the insurance company and the relevant authorities, and necessary assessment and survey of the loss was carried out by 
the insurance surveyor appointed by the insurer. Based on the assessment and the final claim bill submitted to the insurance 
company, the expected insurance claim has been recognized by the Company and disclosed under "Exceptional Items" in 
"Note No. 37" of the standalone financial statements. Consequently, the carrying value of damaged inventories amounting to 
₹ 526.00 Lakhs has been written off in the books of account during the reporting period. 
33 Employee Benefits Expense*  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Employee Benefits Expense*
Salary, Wages, Incentives and Managerial Remuneration  4,302.80  4,044.49
Contributions to:
Provident Fund  148.32  133.96
Other Funds  14.24  11.30
Bonus  78.57  73.94
Staff Welfare Expenses  136.21  131.63
Total…(`)  4,680.15  4,395.32
* Refer “Note No. 44” for further reference.
34 Finance Costs  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Interest on Financial Liabilities carried at Amortized Cost
On Bank Borrowings  1,199.38  936.34
Interest to Others  3.70  6.84
Other Interest Expenses  100.07  76.08
[page 135]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
130
Total…(`)  1,303.14  1,019.26
35 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses              ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses
Depreciation Expenses  1,093.12  963.04
Amortization Expenses  7.10  6.97
Total…(`)  1,100.22  970.01
36 Other Expenses  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Others
Consumption of Stores, Spares and Consumables  754.82  742.53
Consumption of Power and Fuel  2,837.22  2,810.35
Administrative and Other Expenses  77.82  91.07
Conveyance and Travelling Expenses  139.87  133.08
Corporate Social Responsibilities Expenses  68.60  59.82
Director Sitting Fees  9.05  7.75
Insurance Charges  95.62  55.75
Legal and Professional Fees  230.20  186.66
Licence Fees  6.94  4.77
Loss on Future and Option Contracts  0.34  31.51
Loss on Disposal of Property, Plants and Equipement  32.53  11.37
Loss on Disposal of RoDTEP Licences  0.07  -
Payments to the Auditor (Refer "Note No. 36.1")  3.44  2.72
Provision for Unsecured Doubtful Debts and Advance  68.81  54.15
Rent, Rates and Taxes  106.43  57.60
Repair and Maintenance Expenses
For Plant and Machineries  96.92  57.97
For Buildings  16.91  47.94
For Other Property, Plants and Equipment  16.29  37.49
Security Charges  108.05  100.59
Selling and Distribution Expenses  469.91  419.19
Total…(`)  5,139.84  4,912.31
36.1 Payments to the Auditor  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
As Auditor's: ` `
Audit Fees  2.30  2.00
Tax Audit Fees  0.50  0.30
Certification Fees  0.64  0.42
Total…(`)  3.44  2.72
37 Exceptional Items  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Others
Loss due to Fire (Net of Insurance Claim Receivables)  878.96  -
[page 136]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
131
Past Service Cost (Gratutity)**  94.73  -
Total…(`)  973.69  -
* During the reporting period, an accidental fire broke out at the Company’s manufacturing facility located at Umred on 
April 11, 2025, resulting in damage to inventories, property, plants and equipment, and disruption of business operations. The 
Company incurred losses towards inventories, property, plants and equipment, and employee-related costs including medical 
treatment and compensation, aggregating to ₹ 1,672.01 Lakhs. The incident was duly reported to the insurance company, 
and based on the final claim assessment, an insurance claim receivable of ₹ 793.05 Lakhs has been recognized in the books 
of account. Accordingly, the net loss arising from the said fire incident has been presented as an "Exceptional Item" in the 
standalone statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2026. (Refer "Note No. 52" of the standalone financial 
statements).
** Effective November 21, 2025, the Government of India consolidated 29 existing labour regulations into four labour 
codes, namely the Code of Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the 
Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as the "New Labour Codes"). Based 
on the requirements of the New Labour Codes and the relevant indian accounting standards, the Company has reassessed and 
remeasured its employee benefit obligations, which has resulted in incremental expense on account of recognition of past 
service cost. Considering the material and one-time nature of the said impact, the Company has presented the same as an 
"Exceptional Item" in the standalone statement of profit and loss for the period ended March 31, 2026, amounting to ₹ 94.73 
Lakhs."
38 Category Wise Classification of Financial Instruments  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Financial Assets
Non-Current
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
Investment in Quoted Mutual Funds  -    -   
Investment in Unquoted Mutual Funds  -    -   
Total…(`) (A)  -  -
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI)
Investment in Quoted Equity Shares  -  -
Investment in Quoted Debentures or Bonds  -  -
Total…(`) (B)  -  -
Financial assets measured at amortized costs
Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Companies 5  1,091.88  134.00 
Investment in Associates Companies 5  800.09  800.09 
Investment in Preference Shares 5  500.00  -   
Loans to Employees 6  20.97  17.55 
Security Deposits 7  20.35  23.14 
Term Deposits with maturity of more than 12 months 7  113.16  106.39 
Other Receivables (Net of Provisions) 7  420.66  470.92 
Total…(`) (C)  2,967.12  1,552.10
Total…(`) (A + B + C)  2,967.12  1,552.10
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Financial Assets ` `
Current
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
[page 137]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
132
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investment in Quoted Mutual Funds  -    -   
Investment in Unquoted Mutual Funds  -    -   
Total…(`) (A)  -    -   
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI)
Investment in Quoted Equity Shares  -    -   
Investment in Quoted Debentures or Bonds  -    -   
Total…(`) (B)  -    -   
Financial assets measured at amortized costs
Trade Receivables (Net of ECL Provisions) 11  8,822.61  8,951.34
Cash and Cash Equivalents 12A  56.38  1,076.42
Other Balances with Banks 12B  4.29  2.88
Loans to Related Parties 13  -  285.00
Loans to Employees 13  24.00  16.48
Loans to Other Parties 13  -  -
Interest Receivables 14  1.81  2.48
Insurance Claim Receivables 14  793.05  -
Receivables from Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 14  -  234.97
Rent Receivables 14  5.57  6.21
Term Deposits with Banks and Financial Institutions 14  129.08  93.98
Total…(`) (C)  9,836.79  10,669.76
Total…(`) (A + B + C)  9,836.79  10,669.76
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Financial Liabilities
Non-Current
Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs
Borrowings from Banks and Financial Institutions 18  1,949.35  2,782.62
Inter - Corporate and Related Parties Loans 18  30.00  30.00
Financial Guarantee Liabilities 19  58.60  34.00
Retention Money relating to Capital Expenditures 19  60.73  56.50
Retention Money relating to Employees 19  7.64  2.23
Total…(`)  2,106.33  2,905.35
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Financial Liabilities
Current
Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs
Short - Term Borrowings (Secured) 23  9,348.06  8,957.69 
Export Packing Credit (Secured) 23  -    403.20 
Working Capital Loans from Bank (Unsecured) 23  2,996.00  2,509.23 
Current Maturities of Term Loans 23  839.83  524.67 
Trade Payables - MSME 24  874.78  833.86 
Trade Payables - Dues to MSME 24  3,740.93  1,878.78 
Unpaid Dividend 25  4.29  2.88 
Audit Fees Payable 25  2.52  2.07 
Capital Creditors 25  148.56  456.59 
Foreign Currency Forward Contract Payables 25  57.02  -   
Interest Accrued but not yet due 25  32.05  72.53 
Liabilities for Expenses 25  692.47  411.93 
Liabilities towards Services 25  391.01  325.55 
Payable towards Employees 25  175.98  160.13 
[page 138]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
133
Payable towards Direct Tax 25  27.60  32.07 
Payable towards Indirect Tax 25  82.63  279.90 
Statutory Dues Payables 25  29.75  26.95 
Total…(`)  19,443.48  16,878.02 
* The Company does not have any financial liabilities under the Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) category during 
the current and previous reporting periods. Accordingly, all financial liabilities have been measured in accordance with the 
applicable accounting policies prescribed under the relevant indian accounting standards.
“Note No. - 39A” - Fair Value Measurements
i) Financial Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
 The Company does not hold any quoted or unquoted debentures or bonds, nor does it have investments in quoted equity 
instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI). Accordingly, the requirements of 
Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and their related disclosures are not applicable 
to the Company for any of the reporting periods presented in these standalone financial statements.
ii) Financial Instruments measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss   (` in Lakhs)
Financial Assets / Financial Liabilities
Fair Value
As At
31.03.2026
Fair Value Hierarchy
Quoted Price in 
Active Market 
(Level 1)
Significant 
Observable 
Inputs
(Level 2)
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs (Level 3)
Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contract 
Payable
` 57.02 ` 57.02 -- --
 (` in Lakhs)
Financial Assets / Financial Liabilities
Fair Value
As At
31.03.2025
Fair Value Hierarchy
Quoted Price in 
Active Market 
(Level 1)
Significant 
Observable 
Inputs
(Level 2)
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs (Level 3)
Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contract 
Payable
-- -- -- --
 The Company does not hold any unquoted equity shares (other than investments in associates and subsidiaries, which 
are measured at amortized cost) nor any quoted mutual funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL). 
Accordingly, the requirements of Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and their 
related disclosures are not applicable to the Company for any of the reporting periods presented in these standalone 
financial statements.
 The Company does not have any financial liabilities measured at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL). Accordingly, 
the requirements of Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and their related disclosures 
are not applicable to the Company for all reporting periods presented in these standalone financial statements.
iii) Financial Instruments measured at Amortized Costs
 The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost as presented in the 
standalone financial statements are considered to be a reasonable approximation of their respective fair values. This is 
primarily due to the short - term nature of certain financial instruments and / or because such instruments bear interest 
rates that are considered to be at market rates. Accordingly, the Company does not expect any material differences 
between the carrying amounts and the amounts that would ultimately be realized or settled.
“Note No. - 39B” - Financial Risk Management - Objectives and Policies
The Company’s principal financial assets primarily comprise investments, security deposits, cash and cash equivalents, other 
[page 139]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
134
balances with banks, and trade and other receivables arising directly from its business operations. The Company’s financial 
liabilities mainly comprise borrowings in Indian currency, retention money, trade payables, and other payables. These financial 
liabilities are primarily incurred to finance the Company’s business operations and to support its working capital requirements 
and other operational obligations.
The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk arising from its financial instruments. The Board of 
Directors (“the Board”) oversees the management of these financial risks. The risk management policy of the Company, 
formulated by the management and approved by the Board of Directors, sets out the Company’s approach to addressing 
uncertainties in its efforts to achieve its stated and implicit objectives. It defines the roles and responsibilities of management, 
the structure for managing risks, and the overall risk management framework. The framework is designed to identify, assess, 
and mitigate financial risks in order to minimize potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance. The Board 
has taken necessary actions to mitigate the risks identified based on the information and circumstances prevailing at the time.
The following disclosures summarize the Company’s exposure to financial risks and provide information regarding the use of 
derivatives, if any, employed to manage such exposures. A quantitative sensitivity analysis has also been provided to reflect the 
impact of reasonably possible changes in market rates on the Company’s financial results, cash flows, and financial position.
1) Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk, and other price risk. The 
Company is exposed to market risk through various financial instruments, including loans and borrowings denominated 
in domestic currency, deposits, retention money, trade and other payables, and trade receivables.
a) Interest Rate Risk
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates. An increase in interest rates would adversely impact the Company’s borrowing 
costs. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk primarily on its long - term and short - term borrowings. Interest 
rate risk is managed by monitoring the proportion of fixed and floating rate borrowings and taking appropriate 
actions, as necessary, to maintain a balanced exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The Company has not used any 
interest rate derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk during the reporting period.
i) Interest Rate Risk Exposure
  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Variable Rate Borrowing 12,344.05 11,870.11
Fixed Rate Borrowing 2,819.18 3,337.29
ii)  Sensitivity Analysis 
Profit and Loss estimate to higher / lower interest rate expense from borrowing as a result of changes in 
interest rate. 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Interest Rate - Increase by 70 Basis Points (106.14) (106.45)
Interest Rate - Decrease by 70 Basis Points 106.14 106.45
b) Foreign Currency Risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate due to changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Company operates globally and a portion of its transactions are denominated in 
foreign currencies; consequently, it is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from sales to overseas customers and 
purchases from overseas suppliers. The Company manages its foreign currency exposure through natural hedging, 
to the extent possible, by matching foreign currency inflows with corresponding foreign currency outflows, such 
as procuring goods in the same currencies in which sales are denominated. This approach helps in mitigating the 
impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Company’s financial results.
 The carrying amount of the Company’s foreign currency denominated monetary items is as follows:
 (` in Lakhs)
[page 140]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
135
Currency Liabilities Assets
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
USD ($) 05.76 00.10 05.76 --
EURO (€) 13.76 04.43 07.33 07.29
The above table represents the Company’s total exposure to foreign currency - denominated monetary items. The 
Company has not entered into any hedging arrangements to mitigate its foreign currency exposure during the 
current reporting period as well as the previous reporting period.
 The Company is mainly exposed to fluctuations in USD ($) and EURO (€). The table below demonstrates the 
sensitivity to a 5% increase or decrease in USD ($) against INR and EURO (€) against INR, assuming all other 
variables remain constant. The sensitivity analysis is based on the net unhedged exposure of the Company as at 
the reporting date and the previous reporting date. A 5% movement represents management’s assessment of a 
reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.
(` in Lakhs)
Change in USD ($) Rate Effect on Profit after Tax (PAT) Effect on Total Equity
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
-5% -- 00.32 -- 00.32
+5% -- (00.32) -- (00.32)
  (` in Lakhs)
Change in EURO (€) Rate Effect on Profit after Tax (PAT) Effect on Total Equity
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
-5% 26.23 (09.87) 26.23 (09.87)
+5% (26.23) 09.87 (26.23) 09.87
c) Other Price Risk
 Other price risk is the risk that the fair value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market traded 
prices. Other price risk arises primarily from financial assets such as investments in quoted equity instruments. The 
Company is exposed to price risk mainly on account of investments in quoted equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), if any. As at March 31, 2026, the carrying value of such 
quoted equity instruments measured at FVTOCI is ` NIL (March 31, 2025: ` NIL).
2) Credit Risk
 Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss to the 
CCredit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss to 
the Company. Credit risk arises primarily from financial assets such as trade receivables, balances with banks, and other 
financial assets of the Company.
 The Company has adopted a policy of dealing only with counterparties that have sufficiently high credit ratings. The 
Company’s exposure to credit risk and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored, and the 
aggregate value of transactions is reasonably diversified across counterparties.
 Credit risk arising from term deposits and other balances with banks is considered limited, as these balances are placed 
with banks and recognized financial institutions having high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating 
agencies. No collateral is held against such balances.
 The average credit period on sale of products ranges from 30 to 60 days. Credit risk arising from trade receivables is 
managed in accordance with the Company’s established credit risk management policies, procedures, and controls. 
Customer creditworthiness is assessed based on detailed evaluation, and individual credit limits are defined or modified 
accordingly. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to a diversified customer base. No customer represents more 
than 10% of the total trade receivables balance. For trade receivables, as a practical expedient, the Company recognizes 
expected credit loss allowance using a provision matrix approach. The provision matrix is based on historically observed 
default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and is adjusted for forward - looking estimates at each reporting 
date. The provision matrix as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:
[page 141]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
136
Net Outstanding > 
365 Days
Percentage of Collection 
to Gross Outstanding in 
Current Year
Credit Loss Allowances
Yes < 25% Yes, to the extent of lifetime expected credit losses 
outstanding as at reporting date.
Yes > 25% Yes, to the extent of lifetime expected credit losses 
pertaining to balances outstanding for more than one year.
(` in Lakhs)
Movement in Expected Credit Loss Allowance on Trade Receivables 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Balance at the beginning of the reporting period 277.80 306.45
Add: Loss allowance measured at lifetime expected credit losses 69.81 54.15
Less: Bad Debts written off during the reporting period -- 82.80
Balance at the end of reporting period 346.61 277.80
3) Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet its obligations associated 
with financial instruments that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk may also arise due 
to an inability to realize a financial asset quickly at or near its fair value.
 The Company has established a liquidity risk management framework for managing its short - term, medium - term, 
and long - term funding and liquidity requirements. The Company’s exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from 
mismatches in the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Company manages liquidity risk by maintaining 
adequate cash and cash equivalents. The Company also has adequate credit facilities with banks to ensure availability of 
sufficient funds to meet its normal operating and financial obligations in a timely and cost - effective manner.
 The Company believes that its liquidity positions of ` 298.62 Lakhs as at March 31, 2026 (Prev Year ` 1,276.79 Lakhs), 
along with anticipated future internally generated cash flows from operations and fully available undrawn credit facilities, 
will enable it to meet its future obligations in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the event of any liquidity 
requirement, the Company believes it has access to financing arrangements and unencumbered assets that would enable 
it to meet its capital and other liquidity requirements.
The liquidity position referred to above includes:
i)  Cash and Cash Equivalents as disclosed in the Cash Flows Statements; and
ii)  Current / non - current term deposits as disclosed in the financial assets.
The Company’s liquidity management process, as monitored by the management, includes:
i)  Day-to-day funding management through monitoring of future cash flows to ensure timely fulfillment of 
obligations;
ii)  Maintenance of rolling forecasts of the Company’s liquidity position based on expected cash flows; and
iii)  Maintenance of diversified credit lines to support funding flexibility.
 The table below analyses the Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the 
remaining period from the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table 
represent contractual undiscounted cash flows.
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Less than
1 Year
Between
1 to 5 Year
More than
5 Year
Total Carrying 
Value
As At March 31, 2026
Borrowings 13,183.89 1,979.35 -- 15,163.24 15,163.24
[page 142]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
137
Other Financial Liabilities 1,643.88 126.98 -- 1,770.86 1,770.86
Trade Payables 4,615.71 -- -- 4,615.71 4,615.71
As At March 31, 2025
Borrowings 12,394.78 2,812.62 -- 15,207.40 15,207.40
Other Financial Liabilities 1,770.60 92.73 -- 1,863.33 1,863.33
Trade Payables 2,712.65 -- -- 2,712.65 2,712.65
“Notes - 39C” - Capital Management
The Company adheres to a robust capital management framework, which is underpinned by the following guiding principles:
a) Maintain financial strength to ensure BBB+ stable domestic credit ratings and investment grade ratings internationally;
b)  Ensure financial flexibility by diversifying sources of financing and their maturities to minimize liquidity risk while 
meeting investment requirements;
c)  Ensure sufficient liquidity is available, either through cash and cash equivalents, investments or committed credit 
facilities, to meet business requirements.
d)  Minimize finance costs while considering current and future industry, market and economic risks and conditions;
e)  Safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as going a going concern.
f)  Maintain an optimal level of leverage to maximize shareholder returns while preserving balance sheet strength and 
flexibility.
 This framework is reviewed and adjusted based on underlying macroeconomic factors affecting the business environment, 
financial market conditions, and the interest rate environment.
 The Board of Directors has the primary responsibility for maintaining a strong capital base and optimizing the cost of 
capital through prudent management of deployed funds and judicious leverage in domestic and international financial 
markets, thereby maintaining investors, creditors, and market confidence and supporting the future development of the 
business.
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity share capital and all other equity 
reserves attributable to equity shareholders. The primary objective of capital management is to safeguard the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal capital structure in order to maximize shareholder 
value.
 As at March 31, 2026, the Company has only one class of equity shares and has a low level of debt. Consequently, 
there are no externally imposed capital requirements. To maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the Company 
allocates capital towards dividend distribution or reinvestment in the business based on its long-term financial plans.
 The Company monitors its capital structure on the basis of the Net Debt to Equity ratio, where Net Debt is defined as 
total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, divided by total equity.
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total Liabilities 24,579.07 22,167.17
Less: Cash and Cash Equivalents 56.38  1,076.42
Net Debt (A) 24,522.69 21,090.75
Total Equity 30,403.36 28,386.82
Net Debts to Total Equity 00.81 00.74
 The Company has complied with all covenants under the terms and conditions of its major borrowing facilities throughout 
the current reporting period as well as the previous reporting period.
40 Capital Work-in-Progress ageing Schedule
(` in Lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to Three 
Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
1 Projects-in-Progress  1,021.44  687.02  -  -  1,708.46
[page 143]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
138
2 Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
S. 
No.
Particulars Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to Three 
Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
1 Projects-in-Progress  2,116.07  142.56  -  -  2,258.62
2 Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
There are no Capital Work-in-Progress (CWIP) projects as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, for which completion is 
overdue as compared to the original planned schedule or where the actual / estimated costs have exceeded the original planned 
costs.
41 Trade Receivables ageing Schedule
S. 
No. Particulars
Not Due Less 
than Six 
Months
Six 
Months to 
One Year
 One 
to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three 
Years
More than 
Three 
Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Trade Receivable - Unsecured
a) Undisputed, Considered Good  8,554.23  226.90  78.53  -  -  -  8,859.66
b) Undisputed, Considered Doubtful  -  -  -  26.36  -  -  26.36
c) Disputed, Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed, Considered Doubtful  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 8,554.23  226.90  78.53  26.36  -  -  8,886.02
e) Less: Allowance for Doubtful 
Debts
 -  -  -  -  -  -  63.41
Total…(`)  8,822.61
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due
Less 
than Six 
Months
Six 
Months to 
One Year
One to 
Two 
Years
Two to 
Three 
Years
More than 
Three 
Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Trade Receivable - Unsecured
a) Undisputed, Considered Good  8,357.52  609.65  1.80  -  -  -  8,968.97
b) Undisputed, Considered Doubtful  -  -  -  30.24  -  -  30.24
c) Disputed, Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed, Considered Doubtful  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 8,357.52  609.65  1.80  30.24  -  -  8,999.20
e) Less: Allowance for Doubtful 
Debts
 -  -  -  -  -  -  47.87
Total…(`)  8,951.34
As at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Company.
42 Trade Payables ageing Schedule
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Trade Payable (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  874.78  -  -  -  -  874.78
b) Other than MSME  3,668.06  63.14  9.73  -  -  3,740.93
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  4,542.84  63.14  9.73  -    -    4,615.71 
[page 144]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
139
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Trade Payable (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  832.35  1.52  -  -  -  833.86
b) Other than MSME  1,664.07  212.38  2.34  -  -  1,878.78
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  2,496.42  213.89  2.34  -  -  2,712.65
As at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Company.
42.1 Capital Creditors ageing Schedule
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Capital Creditors
a) MSME  38.87  -  -  -  38.87
b) Other than MSME  109.70  -  -  -  -  109.70
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  148.56  -  -  -  -  148.56
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Capital Creditors
a) MSME  177.75  -  -  -  -  177.75
b) Other than MSME  264.06  14.78  -  -  -  278.84
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  441.81  14.78  -  -  -  456.59
As at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Company.
42.2 Liabilities towards Service ageing Schedule
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Liabilities towards Service
a) MSME  9.07  3.60  -  -  -  12.67
b) Other than MSME  378.34  -  -  -  -  378.34
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  387.42  3.60  -  -  -  391.01
[page 145]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
140
S. 
No. Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to 
Two Year
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Liabilities towards Service
a) MSME  90.99  3.23  -  -  -  94.22
b) Other than MSME  230.20  1.12  -  -  -  231.33
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  321.20  4.35  -  -  -  325.55
As at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Company
43 Key Financial Ratio
S. 
No.
Ratio Numerator Denominator As At 
31.03.2026
As At 
31.03.2025
% 
Variation
1 Current Ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities 1.29 1.41 -8.91%
2 Debt to Equity Ratio Total Debts (Borrowings) Total Equity 0.50 0.54 -6.90%
3 Debt Service Coverage 
Ratio
Earning available for debt 
service (EBITDA)
Finance Costs + 
Repayaments of 
Borrowings
3.29 4.24 -22.51%
4 Return on Equity(a) Profit after tax (PAT) Average Total Equity 8.99% 12.38% -27.37%
5 Inventory Turnover 
Ratio
Cost of Goods Sold Average Inventory 4.91 4.83 1.63%
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from Sale of 
Products and Services
Average Trade 
Receivables
9.25 9.44 -2.06%
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover Ratio
Net Purchase of Raw 
Materials, Packing Material 
and Stock-in-Trade
Average Trade 
Payables
18.75 22.39 -16.25%
8 Net Capital Turnover 
Ratio(b)
Revenue from Operations Working Capital 
(Current Assets - 
Current Liabilities)
14.30 9.70 47.41%
9 Net Profit Ratio(a) Profit after tax (PAT) Revenue from 
Operations
3.22% 4.82% -33.26%
10 Return on Capital 
Employed
Profit before Interest 
(excluding interest on lease 
liabilities), exceptional 
items and tax
Average Capital 
Employed {Total 
Assets - Total Current 
Liabilities (Excepts 
Borrowings)}
10.60% 13.62% -22.17%
(a) D ecline in profitability during the reporting period, primarily attributable to losses arising from the fire incident, has 
adversely impacted the Return on Equity and Net Profit Ratio.
(b) Improved utilization and efficiency in depolyment of net working capital for generating revenue has improved the 
current period Net Capital Turnover Ratio.
44  Employee Benefits
1 Post Employment Benefits
i)  Defined Benefit Gratuity Plan (Unfunded)
  The Company operates a defined benefit gratuity plan for its employees, which requires contributions to be made 
to a separately administered fund. The gratuity scheme is governed by the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity 
Act, 1972. Under the Act, employees who have completed a minimum qualifying period of five years of continuous 
[page 146]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
141
service become eligible for gratuity benefits. The amount of gratuity payable is determined based on the employee’s 
length of service and the last drawn salary at the time of retirement, resignation, death, disability, or cessation of 
employment.
ii)  Defined Benefit Pension Plan (Unfunded)
  The Company operates a defined benefit pension plan for certain specified employees, under which post- employment 
benefits are payable upon fulfilment of specified terms and conditions as approved by the Board of Directors of 
the Company. The benefits payable under the scheme are determined based on the eligibility criteria and other 
conditions prescribed under the respective plan.
iii)  Defined Benefit Post Retirement Medical Benefit Plans (Unfunded)
  The Company operates a defined benefit post-retirement medical benefits plan for certain specified employees, under 
which post-retirement medical benefits are payable upon fulfilment of specified terms and conditions approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Company. The benefits are provided to eligible employees in accordance with the 
provisions of the respective scheme.
The most recent actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligations was carried out as 
at March 31, 2026, by Mr. Ashok Kumar Garg, Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The valuation has been performed 
using the "Projected Unit Credit Method", which is considered an appropriate method for measuring obligations under defined 
benefit plans.
The following tables present the components of defined benefit expenses recognised in the standalone statement of profit and 
loss and other comprehensive income, together with the amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet in respect of the respective 
defined benefit plans.
i) Statement showing the Present Value of the Obligations  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Present Value Obligation
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the period  349.40  301.43
Interest cost  23.10  21.85
Current service cost  42.27  24.96
Past service cost  94.73  -
Benefit paid (if any)  (46.12)  (30.71)
Actuarial (gain) / loss  148.01  31.86
Present Value of Obligation at the end of the period…(`)  611.39  349.40
ii) Bifurcation of Total Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Liabilities (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Bifurcation
Changes in financial assumptions  (103.96)  8.44
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss for plan liabilities  251.97  23.42
Total amount recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  148.01  31.86
iii) Key Results (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Results
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period  611.39  349.40
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the period  -  -
Net libailities / (assets) to be recognized in the Balance Sheet  611.39  349.40
Funded Status - Surplus / (Deficit)…(`)  (611.39)  (349.40)
iv) Expenses recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss (` in Lakhs)
[page 147]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
142
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Breakup of Expenses
Interest Costs  23.10  21.85
Current Service Costs  42.27  24.96
Past Service Costs  94.73  -
Expected return on plan assets  -  -
Expenses to be recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  160.10  46.82
v) Experience Adjustments   (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Experience Adjustments
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss - plan liabilities  251.97  23.42
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss - plan assets  -  -
vi) Other Comprehensive (Income) / Expenses {Remeasurements)  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Other Comprehensive Income
Opening cumulative unrecognized actarial (gain) / loss  14.48  (17.38)
Actuarial (gain) / loss - obligations  148.01  31.86
Actuarial (gain) / loss - plan assets  -  -
Total actuarial (gain) or loss  148.01  31.86
Closing cumulative unrecognized actarial (gain) / loss  162.49  14.48
vii) Net Interest Costs  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Interest Costs
Interest cost on defined benfits plans  23.10  21.85
Interest income on plan assets  -  -
Net Interest Cost…(`)  23.10  21.85
viii) Summary of Membership Data at the date of valuation and statistics based thereon  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Summary
Number of employees  565  523
Total monthly salary (In Lakhs)  97.86  58.02
Average past service (years)  10.8  11.9
Average future service (years)  16.9  15.8
Average age (years)  41.1  42.2
Weighted average duration (based on discounted cash flows) in years  6  6
Average monthly salary (In Lakhs)  0.17  0.11
ix) Assumptions (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
[page 148]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
143
Assumptions
Discount rate (per annum) 7.00% 6.61%
Salary growth rate (per annum) 5.00% 5.00%
Mortality IALM 2012 - 14 
Ultimate
IALM 2012 - 14 
Ultimate
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (18 years to 30 years) 15.00% 15.00%
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (30 years to 44 years) 5.00% 5.00%
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (44 years to 58 years) 2.00% 2.00%
 The rate of salary escalation considered in the actuarial valuation has been estimated after taking into account various 
factors such as expected inflation, employee seniority, anticipated promotions, historical salary growth trends and other 
relevant economic and market considerations, including prevailing supply and demand conditions in the employment 
market. The actuarial assumptions used in the valuation represent management’s best estimates and have been duly 
certified by the Actuary.
x) Benefits Valued (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Valuations
Normal retirement age (years)  58  58
Salary  Last Drawn Qualifying Salary  Last Drawn Qualifying Salary 
Vesting period  5 Years of Service  5 Years of Service 
Benefits on normal retirements  15/26 * Salary * Past Service 
(Years) 
 15/26 * Salary * Past Service 
(Years) 
Benefit on early exit due to death and disability  As metioned above except no 
vesting condtions apply 
 As metioned above except no 
vesting condtions apply 
Limit (In Lakhs)  20.00  20.00
xi) Bifurcation of Liabilities  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Breakup of Liabilities
Current Liabilities (Short - Term)  190.25  116.33
Non - Current Liabilities (Long - Term)  421.14  233.06
Total Liabilities…(`)  611.39  349.40
xii) Expected Contribution during next Annual Reporting Period  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
The Company's best estimate of contribution during the next year  54.15  32.47
xiii) Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation - Benefit Obligations  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Maturity Profiles
[page 149]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
144
01.04.2026 to 31.03.2027  190.25  116.33
01.04.2027 to 31.03.2028  60.92  28.09
01.04.2028 to 31.03.2029  51.92  28.27
01.04.2029 to 31.03.2030  57.80  23.89
01.04.2030 to 31.03.2031  40.07  24.86
01.04.2031 to Onwards  210.42  127.94
xiiv) Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation - Benefit Obligations
 The significant actuarial assumptions used for determining the defined benefit obligation include the discount rate and 
salary escalation rate. The impact of changes in mortality assumptions is considered insignificant. The sensitivity analysis 
below has been prepared considering changes in individual assumptions while holding other assumptions constant; 
however, actual changes may differ as assumptions may be interrelated. The results of the sensitivity analysis are set out 
below:
Particulars 31.03.2026
Sensitivity
Defined Benefit Obligation (Base) 6,11,38,583 @ Salary Increase Rate : 5.00% 
and Discount Rate: 7.00%
Liability with x% Incresae in Discount Rate 5,86,43,348; X = 1.00% {Change (4%)}
Liability with x% Decrease in Discount Rate 6,39,21,985; X = 1.00% {Change 5%}
Liability with x% Increase in Salary Growth Rate 6,39,50,368; X = 1.00% {Change 5%}
Liability with x% Decrease in Salary Growth Rate 5,85,75,611; X = 1.00% {Change (4%)}
Liability with x% Increase in Withdrawal Rate 6,13,49,695; X = 1.00% {Change 0%}
Liability with x% Decrease in Withdrawal Rate  6,08,94,982; X = 1.00% {Change 0%}
xv) Reconciliation of Liabilities at Balance Sheet  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Reconciliation
Opening Gross Defined Benefit Liability / (Assets)  349.40  301.43
Expense recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  160.10  46.82
Other Comprehensive Income - Actuarial (Gain) / Loss - Total Current Period  148.01  31.86
Benefit Paid (If any)  (46.12)  (30.71)
Closing Gross Defined Benefit Liability / (Assets)  611.39  349.40
2 Defined Contribution Plans
i) Provident Fund
 The Company manages and administers the provident fund assets and liabilities in accordance with the provisions of the 
Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, and the applicable rules and regulations framed 
thereunder.
 The plan guarantees a minimum rate of interest as notified by the Provident Fund Authorities from time to time. Employer 
and employee contributions, together with accrued interest thereon, are payable to employees upon retirement or 
separation from the Company, whichever is earlier, and vest immediately upon rendering of service. In accordance with 
the Guidance Note issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India, the Actuary has carried out the valuation of provident 
[page 150]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
145
fund liabilities based on the prescribed assumptions. There is no shortfall in the fund as at March 31, 2026.
 The details of contibution made by the Company to the resepctive funds are given as below:
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Contributions
Employee's Share of Contribution  138.70  125.04
Employer's Share of Contribution  148.32  133.96
Total Contribution during the Reporting Period…(`)  287.02  258.99
3 Other Long - Term Employee Benefits
i) Annual Leave and Sick Leave Assumptions
 The liability in respect of compensated absences, comprising annual leave and sick leave benefits, has been determined 
on the basis of an actuarial valuation carried out using the Projected Unit Credit Method as at March 31, 2026. The 
liability recognised in the standalone financial statements amounts to ₹ 31.33 Lakhs (Prev Year: ₹ 27.57 Lakhs)
Note No. 45: Information on Related Party Transaction as required by Ind AS - 24 - “RELATED PARTY DISCLO-
SURE” for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Related parties, as defined under Ind AS - 24, “Related Party Disclosure” have been identified on the basis of written represen-
tations provided by the Company’s management and information available with the Company. The Company’s material related 
party transactions and outstanding balances with such related parties, entered into in ordinary course of business, are as follows:
1.  Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company (WOS)
a) MMP Electricals Private Limited (Holds 100.00 % of Total Equity)
b)  MMP Cables Private Limited (Holds 100.00 % of Total Equity)
c)  MMP Alutech Private Limited (Holds 100.00 % of Total Equity)
2.  Associated Entities
a) Star Circlips and Engineering Limited (Holds 26.06% of Total Equity)
b) Toyal MMP India Private Limited (Holds 26.00% of Total Equity)
3.  Entities where Key Managerial Personnel / Close Family Members of Key Managerial Personnel have control / 
significant influence and where transactions have taken places
a)  Mayank Fasteners Private Limited
b)  Rohini Farms and Agriculture Private Limited
4.  Key Managerial Person Name and their Designation
S. No. Name of the Persons Designation
a) Shri Arun Bhandari Managing Director (MD)
b) Shri Lalit Bhandari Whole Time Director (WTD)
c) Shri Mayank Bhandari Non - Executive Director
d) Ms. Rohini Bhandari Non - Executive Director
(Joined on August 08, 2025)
e) Shri Narasimham Murthy Tenneti Whole Time Director (WTD)
f) Shri Sunil Khanna Independent Director
g) Shri Sanjay Sancheti Independent Director
h) Shri Vijay Singh Bapna Independent Director
i) Shri Karan Verma Independent Director
(Retired on August 08, 2025)
j) Shri Sachin Nirgudkar Independent Director
(Joined on August 08, 2025)
k) Smt. Ulka Kulkarni Woman Independent Director
[page 151]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
146
l) Shri Sharad Khandelwal Chief Financial Officer
m) Smt. Madhura Singh Company Secretary
5.  Relatives of Key Managerial Person
 S. No. Name of the Persons Relationship with the Company
a) Smt. Saroj Bhandari Wife of Managing Director
b) Smt. Sakshi Bhandari Wife of Non - Executive Director
c) Master Vivaan Bhandari Son of Non - Executive Director
Terms and Conditions with the transactions with Related Parties as under:
a)  The Company has been entering into transactions with related parties for its business purposes. The process fol -
lowed for entering into transactions with related parties is the same as that followed for unrelated parties. Vendors 
are selected on a competitive basis, having regard to strict adherence to quality standards, timely service, and cost 
advantages. Further, related party vendors provide additional advantages in terms of:
i) Supplying products primarily to the Company;
ii) Advanced and innovative technologies;
iii) Customization of products to suit the Company’s specific performance;
iv) Enhancement of the Company’s purchase cycle and assurance of just in time supply with resultant benefits - 
notably on working capital.
b)  Purchases from and sales to related parties are undertaken on terms equivalent to those applicable to unrelated 
parties, on arm’s length basis.
c)  Outstanding balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are unsecured, interest free, and are 
repayable / receivable in demand, and are expected to be settled in cash.
Transaction with Related Parties is as under:
 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary / Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key 
Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
 1. Purchases of Goods
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 01.49
(P. Y . ` 03.68)
-- -- --
Toyal MMP India Private Limited ` NIL
(P. Y . ` 04.52)
-- -- --
2. Payment of Office Rent
Mayank Fasteners Private 
Limited
-- ` 03.00
(P. Y . ` 
00.90)
-- --
3. Remuneration
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 134.40
(P. Y . ` 134.40)
--
Shri Lalit Bhandari -- -- ` 35.13
(P. Y . ` 35.37)
--
Shri Narasimham Murthy Tenneti -- -- ` 23.69
(P. Y . ` 23.68)
--
Shri Sharad Khandelwal -- -- ` 31.71
(P. Y . ` 31.64)
--
Smt. Madhura Singh -- -- ` 10.67
 (P. Y . ` 10.36)
--
4. Salary and Perquisites
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 61.98
(P. Y . ` 61.98)
[page 152]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
147
S. 
No. Particulars
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary / Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key 
Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 25.83
(P. Y . ` 25.78)
5. Legal and Professional Charges
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- ` 30.00
(P. Y . ` 30.00)
--
6. Director Sitting Fees
Shri Sanjay Sancheti -- -- ` 02.00
 (P. Y . ` 02.10)
--
Shri Vijay Singh Bapna -- -- ` 02.35
(P. Y . ` 02.15)
--
Shri Sunil Khanna -- -- ` 02.35
(P. Y . ` 02.15)
--
Smt. Ulka Kulkarni -- -- ` 01.10
 (P. Y . ` 01.35)
--
Shri Karan Verma -- -- ` 00.25
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sachin Nirgudkar -- -- ` 01.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
7. Sales of Goods
Toyal MMP India Private Limited ` 1,801.51
(P. Y .
` 2,027.19)
-- -- --
8. Receipts of Job Work Charges
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 277.06
(P. Y .
 ` 262.49)
-- -- --
9. Reimbursement of Expenses 
Incurred
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` NIL
(P. Y . ` 00.87)
-- -- --
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 192.49
(P. Y . ` 553.85)
-- -- --
MMP Alutech Private Limited ` 03.60
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 1,139.54
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
10. Repayment towards 
Reimbursement of Expenses
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 312.46
(P. Y . ` 325.00)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 667.79
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
11. Receipts of Unsecured Loans
MMP Alutech Private Limited ` 24.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
12. Repayments of Unsecured 
Loans
[page 153]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
148
S. 
No. Particulars
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary / Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key 
Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
MMP Alutech Private Limited ` 20.40
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
13. Dividend
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 139.19
(P. Y . ` 104.39)
--
Shri Mayank Bhandari -- -- ` 11.31
(P. Y . ` 08.48)
--
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 65.12
(P. Y . ` 48.84)
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 07.81
(P. Y . ` 05.86)
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- -- ` 04.48
(P. Y . ` 03.36)
Master Vivaan Bhandari -- -- -- ` 29.19
(P. Y . ` 21.89)
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 23.16
(P. Y . ` 17.37)
-- -- --
Mayank Fasteners Private 
Limited
-- ` 95.69
(P. Y . ` 
71.77)
-- --
Rohini Horticulture Private 
Limited
-- ` 02.48
(P. Y . ` 
01.86)
-- --
14. Equity Investment
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 400.00
(P. Y . ` 100.00)
-- -- --
MMP Alutech Private Limited ` 25.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 500.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
15. Preference Shares in Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 500.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
16. Grant of Loans and Advances
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 125.00
(P. Y . ` 285.00)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 90.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
17. Repayment towards Loans and 
Advances Granted
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` 125.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 90.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
18. Service Offered
MMP Electricals Private Limited ` NIL
(P. Y . ` 06.12)
-- -- --
[page 154]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
149
S. 
No. Particulars
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary / Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key 
Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 05.92
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
19. Dividend Income
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 09.98
(P. Y . ` 49.91)
-- -- --
Balances payable / receivable to the related parties as on March 31, 2026
 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars Wholly Owned Subsidi-
ary / Associate Company
Related 
Companies
Key Manage-
rial Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Per-
son
1. Director Remuneration and 
Salary
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 05.46
 (P. Y . 05.46)
--
Shri Lalit Bhandari -- -- ` 01.60
(P. Y . ` 01.60)
--
Shri Narasimham Murthy 
Tenneti
-- -- ` 00.97
(P. Y . ` 01.09)
--
Shri Sharad Khandelwal -- -- ` 01.03
(P. Y . ` 00.46)
--
Smt. Madhura Singh -- -- ` 00.82
(P. Y . ` 00.82)
--
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 02.77
(P. Y . ` 02.75)
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 01.30
(P. Y . ` 01.30)
2. Trade Receivables
Toyal MMP India Private Lim -
ited
` 03.45 (Dr.)
{P.Y . ` 43.77 (Dr.)}
-- -- --
3. Director Sitting Fees Payable
Shri Vijay Singh Bapna -- -- ` 00.63
 (P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sunil Khanna -- -- ` 00.63
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sanjay Sancheti -- -- ` 00.68
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Smt. Ulka Kulkarni -- -- ` 00.27
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
[page 155]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
150
S. 
No. Particulars Wholly Owned Subsidi-
ary / Associate Company
Related 
Companies
Key Manage-
rial Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Per-
son
Shri Sachin Nirgudkar -- -- ` 00.45
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
4. Legal and Professional 
Charges Payable
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- ` 02.25
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
5. Equity Investment
MMP Electricals Private Limited 
(Net of Corporate Guarantee Lia-
bilities)
` 500.00
(P. Y . ` 100.00)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited 
(Net of Corporate Guarantee Li-
abilities)
` 500.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
MMP Alutech Private Limited ` 25.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
Toyal MMP India Private Lim -
ited
` 702.26
(P. Y . ` 702.26)
-- -- --
Star Circlips and Engineering Limited ` 97.83
(P. Y . ` 97.83)
-- -- --
7. Investment in Preference 
Shares
MMP Electricals Private Limit -
ed
` 500.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
8. Loans to Wholly Owned Sub -
sidiaries
MMP Electricals Private Limit -
ed
` NIL
(P. Y . ` 285.00)
-- -- --
9. Other Receivables from Whol-
ly Owned Subsidiary (towards 
Reimbursement)
MMP Electricals Private Limit -
ed
` NIL
(P. Y . ` 228.85)
-- -- --
10. Other Receivables from Whol-
ly Owned Subsidiary (Service 
Offered)
MMP Electricals Private Limit -
ed
` NIL
(P. Y . ` 06.12)
-- -- --
11. Guarantee / Collaterals
MMP Electricals Private Limit -
ed
` 3,400.00
(P. Y . ` 3,400.00)
-- -- --
MMP Cables Private Limited ` 3,288.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
-- -- --
[page 156]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
151
“Note No. 46 - Additional Regulatory Information as required by the Schedule - III of the Companies Act, 2013”
i)  The Company has utilized the borrowings from banks and financial institutions for the purposes for which they were 
obtained, as at the balance sheet date. The Company has not defaulted in the repayment of principal or payment of interest 
thereon in respect of any borrowings from banks and financial institutions during the current and previous reporting periods.
ii)  The title deeds in respect of self - constructed building and title deeds of all other immovable properties (other 
than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
Company), disclosed in the standalone financial statements and included under Property, Plants and Equipment, are 
held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. In respect of immovable properties taken on lease 
by the Company, the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company as at the balance sheet date.
iii)  Loans and advances in the nature of loans granted to promoters, directors, key managerial parties, or other related parties, 
including subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013), either severally and jointly 
with any other person, the details in respect of which are disclosed in “Note No. 53” of the standalone financial statements.
iv)  The Company does not hold any benami property in its name. Further, no proceedings have been initiated or are pending 
against the Company under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended) (45 of 1988) and the Rules 
made thereunder in respect of any alleged benami property.
v)  The Company has been sanctioned working capital limits from banks and financial institutions on the basis of security 
of current assets. The monthly / quarterly returns and the statements filed by the Company with such banks and financial 
institutions are in agreements with the books of accounts of the Company.
vi)  The Company has not been declared a willful defaulter by any banks, financial institutions, or other lenders, nor by the 
government or any government authorities.
vii)  The Company has not entered into any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 
2013 or section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956, Accordingly, the details in this regard are not applicable and have not 
been furnished.
viii) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction of charges, which are pending registration with the Registrar of 
Company beyond the statutory period.
ix)  The Company has complied with the requirements relating to the number of layers of subsidiaries as prescribed under 
section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
x)  Utilization of borrowed funds and share premium
1)  The Company has not advanced, loaned, or invested any funds to any other persons or entities, including foreign 
entities (intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediaries shall:
a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or;
b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate beneficiaries.
2)  The Company has not received any funds from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (Funding Parties) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or;
b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate beneficiaries.
xi)  There have been no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the current reporting period and previous reporting period in course of tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
xii)  The Company has neither traded in, nor invested in, nor advanced any funds in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency, 
during the current reporting period as well as the previous reporting period.
47 Contingent Liabilities  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
[page 157]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
152
Contingent Liabilities
a)    Bank Guarantees given by the Company's Banker's towards the MSEDCL 
Security Deposits and Others  445.72  413.13
b)   Bill discounted by the Company's Banker's under the Letter of Credit  -  104.43
c)   Corporate Guarantee towards the credit facilities availed by MMP 
Electricals Private Limited*  3,400.00  3,400.00
d)   Corporate Guarantee towards the credit facilities availed by MMP Cables 
Private Limited**  3,288.00  -
Total...(`)  7,133.72  3,917.57
 * The Company has provided a corporate guarantee in favour of HDFC Bank Limited (the “Lending Bank”) in respect 
of term loan and working capital facilities availed by MMP Electricals Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company. As at the date of the standalone financial statements, an amount of ₹ 3,400.00 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 3,400.00 
Lakhs) remains outstanding under such credit facilities, against which the aforesaid corporate guarantee continues to 
remain in force.
 ** The Company has provided a corporate guarantee in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (the “Lending Bank”) in 
respect of term loan and working capital facilities availed by MMP Cables Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company. As at the date of the standalone financial statements, an amount of ₹ 3,288.00 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ NIL) remains 
outstanding under such credit facilities, against which the aforesaid corporate guarantee continues to remain in force.
48 Capital and Other Commitments (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Capital Commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed by the Company on 
Capital and not provided for;
towards Property, Plants and Equipment  3,278.31  350.75
Total Capital Commitments…(`) (A)  3,278.31  350.75
Other Commitments
Bill discounted and letter of credit issued by the Company's Bankers  -  104.43
For derivative contract related commitments  1,979.34  -
Total Other Commitments…(`) (B)  1,979.34  104.43
Total...(`) (A + B)  5,257.66  455.18
49 Corporate Social Responsibilities
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is required to spend a 
minimum of 2% of its average net profits of the immediately preceding three financial years on eligible Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The activities covered under CSR include, among others, eradication of hunger 
and malnutrition, promotion of education, healthcare, environmental sustainability, rural development projects, disaster 
relief, art and culture, and rehabilitation initiatives as prescribed under Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The Company has constituted a CSR Committee in compliance with the requirements of the Act to oversee the 
implementation, monitoring and governance of CSR initiatives undertaken by the Company.
a)   The amount required to be spent by the Company towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in 
accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII thereto, during 
the reporting period ended March 31, 2026, is ₹ 68.60 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 59.82 Lakhs).
b)   The Company has incurred expenditure of ₹ 68.60 Lakhs towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities 
during the reporting period. Of the total expenditure incurred, ₹ NIL relates to obligations or commitments 
pertaining to earlier financial periods but spent during the current financial year (Prev Year ₹ 59.82 Lakhs).
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Corporate Social Responsibilities
Other CSR Activities  11.10  12.92 
[page 158]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
153
Healths  0.97  1.84 
Educations  55.80  41.96 
Sports for Developments  0.63  0.54 
Environments  0.10  2.57 
Total…(`)  68.60  59.82 
c)   The Company has not undertaken any additional commitment towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
expenditure for achieving the prescribed spending requirement of 2% of the average net profits of the three 
immediately preceding financial years under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Prev Year ₹ NIL). Further, 
it is confirmed that no amount of CSR expenditure incurred during the current or previous reporting periods has 
been paid to or incurred through related parties. 
50 Dividend (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Dividend
Final Dividend paid on Equity Shares  508.05  381.04 
Total…(`)  508.05  381.04 
 The Board of Directors of the Company has not declared any interim dividend during the current reporting period as well 
as the previous reporting period. Further, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2025, had recommended 
a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two only) per equity share of face value ₹ 10 each for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025. The said dividend was subsequently approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) held 
on September 8, 2025, resulting in an aggregate cash outflow of ₹ 508.05 Lakhs.  
 Proposed Dividend  
 The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on May 23, 2026, have recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupee 
Two Only) per equity share of face value ₹ 10 each, i.e., 20% of the face value, for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026. Accordingly, the Company has proposed a final dividend aggregating to ₹ 508.05 Lakhs, subject to the approval 
of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Since the same is subject to shareholder approval, 
it has not been recognized as a liability in the standalone financial statements.  
51 Details of Hedge and Unhedged Exposures in Foreign Currency Denominated Monetary Items  
A)  Exposure in Foreign Currency - Hedged
  The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency risks arising 
from underlying transactions and firm commitments. Such derivative instruments are entered into solely for risk 
management purposes and not for trading or speculative purposes during the current reporting period as well as the 
previous reporting period. The details of forward exchange contracts outstanding as at the reporting date and used 
for hedging foreign currency exposures are as follows:  
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2026
 $/€ `
Hedged Exposures
Forward Contract to Sell USD ($) as at March 31, 2026  5.76  522.15 
Forward Contract to Sell EURO (€) as at March 31, 2026  13.68  1,457.19 
B)  Exposure in Foreign Currency - Unhedged    
  The foreign currency exposures which remain unhedged during the reporting period as well as the previous 
reporting period are as follows:     
i) Payable during the Reporting Period  
Particulars Payable (In Foreign Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    0.10 
[page 159]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
154
EURO (€)  0.08  4.43 
Particulars
Payable (In Indian Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    8.56 
EURO (€)  9.06  409.38 
ii) Receivable during the Reporting Period  
Particulars Receivable (In Foreign Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    -   
EURO (€)  2.47  7.29 
        
Particulars
Receivable (In Indian Currency)
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    -   
EURO (€)  269.66  673.13 
52 Loss on Accounts of Fire
 On April 11, 2025, at approximately 6:45 PM, a major explosion and fire broke out in one section of the Aluminium 
Powder Division situated at the Umred Plant. Due to the swift and effective response of the emergency evacuation 
team, all individuals present at the site were promptly evacuated. However, despite these efforts, the Company deeply 
regrets the unfortunate loss of certain workmen, while a few individuals sustained minor injuries. The management of 
the Company is profoundly saddened by this tragic incident and extends its heartfelt condolences to the families of the 
deceased.
 During the reporting period, the Company incurred losses arising from the said fire incident comprising inventory 
loss of ₹ 671.45 Lakhs, property, plants and equipment loss of ₹ 338.92 Lakhs and employee compensation including 
medical treatment expenses amounting to ₹ 661.64 Lakhs, net of disposal of debris. The incident was duly reported to 
the insurance company and, based on the final claim assessment, an insurance claim receivable amounting to ₹ 793.05 
Lakhs has been recognized in the books of account.
 Accordingly, the net loss arising from the fire incident amounting to ₹ 878.96 Lakhs has been disclosed as an "Exceptional 
Item" in the standalone statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2026.
53 Disclosure pursuant to regulation 34(3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
 Detail s of loans and advances in the nature of loans granted to subsidiaries, associates and other parties as at the reporting 
date are as follows:  
Particulars Amount Outstanding As 
At 31.03.2026
Maximum Outstanding 
during the period
Loans and Advance (Given)
MMP Electricals Private Limited  -  125.00
MMP Cables Private Limited  -  90.00
 The above loans have been extended to the respective recipients for carrying out their business activities and have 
been utilised for the purposes for which they were granted. Such loans are unsecured and are repayable on demand in 
accordance with the terms and conditions agreed between the parties.
[page 160]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
155
 Loans extended to employees, including directors, if any, under various schemes of the Company have been excluded 
from the above disclosure, as such loans are not covered within the scope of the applicable disclosure requirements. 
 Pursuant to Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013:
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Loans, Guarantees or Investments
Loans Given  215.00  285.00 
Guarantee Given  6,688.00  3,400.00 
Investment made  2,325.09  900.09 
54 Earnings Per Share
(Amount ` in Lakhs, except number of share and earnings per share data)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Earnings Per Share
Net Profit / (Loss) after tax as per the Standalone Statement of Profit or 
Loss attributable to the holder of Equity Shares
 2,642.94  3,334.13 
Nominal Value of Equity Shares (`)  10.00  10.00 
Weighted average number of Equity shares used as denominator for calculating 
the earnings per share
 25,402,613  25,402,613 
Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share...(`)  10.40  13.13 
55 The standalone financial statements are approved for issue by the Audit Committee at its meeting held on May 23, 
2026, and by the Board of Directors on their meeting held on May 23, 2026. 
56 Previous years audited figures has been regrouped / recasted / rearranged wherever necessary to make them 
comparable for the purpose of preparation and presentation of standalone financial statements.  
SIGNATURE TO THE NOTE “1” TO NOTE “56”
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES        1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI
Managing Director
DIN No.: 00008901
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398MZDGDW6526
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
[page 161]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
156
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF,
MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED (hereinafter re-
ferred to as “the Parent”) and its subsidiaries, (the Parent and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), which 
includes the Group’s share of net profit / (loss) in its associates, which comprises the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at  
March 31, 2026, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including the Other Comprehensive Income / (Losses), the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date, 
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory 
information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration 
of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements of the associates referred to in the “Other Matters” section below, 
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, (“the 
Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended (“Ind AS”), 
and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group and its associates 
as at March 31, 2026, and their consolidated profits including their consolidated other comprehensive income / (losses), their 
consolidated cash flows and their consolidated changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis of Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the “Auditor’ s Respon-
sibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group and 
its associates in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”) to-
gether with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions 
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us and audit evidence obtained 
by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to in “Other Matters” paragraph below is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consoli -
dated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these mat -
ters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters and to be communicated in our report. We have 
fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures de-
signed to respond to our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results 
of our audit procedures performed by us and performed by the other auditors of components not audited by us, as reported 
by them in their audit reports furnished to us by the Parent’s Management, including the procedures performed to address the 
matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The Key Audit Matters How was the matter addressed in our Audit
Revenue Recognition (Refer “Note No. 1.5.(d) and “Note No. 29” of the Consolidated Financial Statements)
Revenue is one of the key drivers of profitability and is 
therefore susceptible to the risk of material misstatement. 
The Group recognizes revenue net of applicable discounts, 
rebates, and other variable considerations.
Our audit procedures in relation to revenue recognition 
included, among others, the following:
[page 162]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
157
Accordingly, revenue from the sale of products has 
been identified as a Key Audit Matter. The key areas of 
judgment and estimation involved in revenue recognition 
include:
* Determination of performance obligations: Assessing 
whether revenue recognition criteria are satisfied in 
accordance with the applicable accounting standards, 
including the identification and satisfaction of 
performance obligations.
* Estimation of variable consideration : Evaluating 
management’s estimates relating to discounts, 
rebates, and other incentives, which may impact the 
measurement of revenue.
* Cut - off procedures: Ensuring that revenue is recognized 
in the correct accounting period, as inappropriate cut-
off may result in material misstatement of consolidated 
financial results.
* Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s revenue 
recognition accounting policies in accordance with the 
applicable accounting standards.
* Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls over revenue 
recognition, including controls over recording of sales, 
discounts, rebates, and related adjustments.
* Tested, on a sample basis, revenue transactions recorded 
during the reporting period by verifying supporting 
documents such as sales invoices, dispatch documents, and 
customer purchase orders.
* Performed cut-off testing by examining transactions recorded 
before and after the year-end to assess whether revenue has 
been recognized in the appropriate accounting period.
* Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates 
relating to variable consideration, including discounts and 
rebates, by comparing historical trends and examining 
subsequent settlements, where applicable.
* Performed analytical procedures on revenue, including 
comparison with prior periods and investigation of significant 
fluctuations and unusual trends.
* Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the consolidated financial statements in respect of 
revenue recognition.
Existence and Valuation of Inventories
The Group’s inventories as at the end of the reporting 
period amount to ₹ 15,809.91 Lakhs, representing 25.30% 
of the Group’s total assets (refer “Note No. 10”  of the 
consolidated financial statements).
The existence of inventories has been identified as a Key 
Audit Matter due to the high risk involved, considering 
the nature and size of the inventory. The inventory 
primarily comprises items with relatively low value per 
unit but maintained in high volumes and stored across 
multiple locations / units of the Group. This increases the 
complexity in ensuring physical existence, completeness, 
and accuracy of inventory records.
Our audit procedures in relation to existence of inventories 
included, among others, the following:
* Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls relating to inventory 
management, including controls over receipt, storage, issuance, 
and periodic physical verification.
* Attended physical stock counts at selected locations / units 
of the Group, on a sample basis, and performed test counts to 
verify the existence and condition of inventory.
* Where physical verification was conducted by management 
at locations not attended by us, we reviewed the procedures 
followed and obtained management representation regarding 
the existence and condition of such inventories.
* Performed reconciliation of physical stock count results with 
inventory records and investigated significant differences, if any.
* Tested inventory records on a sample basis by verifying 
supporting documents such as goods receipt notes, stock 
transfer records, and dispatch documents.
* Performed analytical procedures to assess inventory levels 
in comparison with prior periods and investigated unusual 
movements or variances.
* Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the consolidated financial statements in respect of 
inventories.
[page 163]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
158
Carrying Value of Trade Receivables
As at March 31, 2026, trade receivables constitute 
approximately 14.22% of the total assets of the Group 
(refer “Note No. 11”  of the consolidated financial 
statements). The Group is required to regularly assess the 
recoverability of its trade receivables.
The Group applies the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model 
for the measurement and recognition of impairment 
loss on trade receivables. The impairment allowance 
is determined using a provision matrix, which is based 
on historically observed default rates over the expected 
life of receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking 
information.
This has been identified as a Key Audit Matter due to 
the significant judgment involved in determining the 
assumptions used in the provision matrix, including 
historical default rates, ageing profiles, and forward-
looking estimates, which may have a material impact on 
the consolidated financial statements.
Our audit procedures in relation to impairment of trade 
receivables included, among others, the following:
* Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s accounting 
policy for impairment of financial assets in accordance with 
the applicable accounting standards.
* Evaluated the design, implementation, and operating 
effectiveness of key internal controls over credit control, 
monitoring of receivables, and estimation of expected credit 
losses.
* Obtained an understanding of the methodology used by 
management for computing ECL, including the construction 
and application of the provision matrix.
* Tested the accuracy and completeness of data used in the ECL 
computation, including ageing of receivables, by verifying 
underlying records on a sample basis.
* Assessed the reasonableness of historical default rates used 
in the provision matrix by comparing with past trends and 
actual credit loss experience.
* Evaluated the appropriateness of forward-looking adjustments 
applied by management, including consideration of current 
and expected economic conditions.
* Reviewed subsequent collections from customers to assess the 
recoverability of outstanding receivables as at the reporting 
date.
* Performed external balance confirmations on a sample basis 
and followed up on non-responses or differences, where 
applicable.
* Examined specific overdue and high-value receivable balances 
to assess whether additional provisions were required.
* Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the consolidated financial statements in respect of 
trade receivables and impairment thereof.
Capital Work-in-Progress / Property, Plants and Equipment
The Group has significant investments in Property, 
Plants and Equipment and Capital Work-in-Progress. The 
accounting treatment of these assets involves management 
judgment and estimation in respect of identification of 
directly attributable costs, capitalization of expenditures, 
determination of the date when assets are ready for 
intended use, allocation of borrowing costs, assessment of 
useful lives, and evaluation of indicators of impairment.
Our audit procedures in relation to Property, Plants and 
Equipment and Capital Work-in-Progress included, among 
others:
* Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness 
of key internal controls over capital expenditure and 
capitalization process.
* Verified, on a sample basis, supporting documents relating 
to additions, including invoices, contracts and other relevant 
records.
[page 164]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
159
Further, the volume and value of additions during the 
year and the judgment involved in determining whether 
expenditures should be capitalized or charged to the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss increase the 
risk of material misstatement. Accordingly, this area was 
considered significant in our audit.
* Assessed whether expenditures capitalized met the recognition 
criteria under applicable Indian accounting standards.
* Tested management’s assessment regarding the classification 
of assets between Capital Work-in-Progress and Property, 
Plants and Equipment.
Further, the volume and value of additions during the 
year and the judgment involved in determining whether 
expenditures should be capitalized or charged to the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss increase the 
risk of material misstatement. Accordingly, this area was 
considered significant in our audit.
* Evaluated the appropriateness of capitalization of borrowing 
costs, where applicable.
* Assessed the basis of determining useful lives and depreciation 
methods applied by management.
* Reviewed management’s assessment for impairment 
indicators relating to Property, Plants and Equipment and 
Capital Work-in-Progress.
* Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures made in the consolidated 
financial statements.
Loss arising from Fire Incidents (Refer “Note No. 55” of the Consolidated Financial Statements”)
During the year, a fire incident occurred at the Parent’s 
manufacturing facility resulting in damage to inventories, 
Property, Plants and Equipment and disruption of 
business operations. The Parent recognized losses arising 
from damaged assets and related expenditures and also 
recognized / assessed insurance claim receivables in 
respect of such losses.
The accounting treatment of losses arising from the fire 
incident involved significant management judgment in 
determining the quantum of loss incurred, identification 
and measurement of damaged assets, estimation of 
recoverable amounts from insurance claims, and 
assessment of the appropriateness of disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements. Due to the significance 
of the amounts involved and the judgments applied by 
management, this matter was considered to be one of the 
most significant matters in our audit.
Our audit procedures in relation to the fire incident included, 
among others:
* Obtained an understanding of the circumstances surrounding 
the fire incident and discussed the matter with management.
* Obtained an understanding of the circumstances surrounding 
the fire incident and discussed the matter with management.
* Examined relevant documents including insurance policies, 
claim applications, surveyor reports, and correspondence with 
insurance companies.
* Verified, on a sample basis, the losses recognized relating to 
inventories and Property, Plants and Equipment with supporting 
records.
* Assessed the appropriateness of management’s methodology 
and assumptions used in determining the estimated losses and 
insurance claim receivables.
* Evaluated the basis of recognition and measurement of 
insurance recoveries in accordance with the applicable 
accounting framework.
* Reviewed the accounting treatment of exceptional items, if 
any.
* Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of disclosures 
made in the consolidated financial statements in relation to the 
fire incident and its financial impact.
[page 165]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
160
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
TheSounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Group and its as -
sociates and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate ac -
counting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and com -
pleteness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentations of the consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error which have been 
used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the directors of the Parent, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management’s and the Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group and of its associates are responsible for assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the respective Board of Directors either intend to liquidate their respective entities or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associates are also responsible for over-
seeing the financial reporting process of the Group and of its associates.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism through-
out the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresenta -
tions, or the override of internal controls.
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Parent has adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Parent’s Management and Board of Directors.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Parent management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signif-
icant doubt on the ability of the Group and its associates to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and 
its associates to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclo -
sures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner 
that achieves fair presentation.
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group and of its associates to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible 
for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the standalone financial statements of such entities or busi-
ness activities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other 
entities or business activities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by the other 
auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carries out 
by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
[page 166]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
161
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable users of the consolidated financial statements may 
be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in 
evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the consolidated financial 
statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Parent, and such other entities, included in the consolidated finan-
cial statements of which we are the independent auditors, regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most signif -
icance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
a)  The audited financial information of three of the subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group, whose financial information reflects the total assets of ` 4,618.90 Lakhs, total revenues of ` 231.91 Lakhs and 
cash flows (net) amounting to ` 121.34 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2026, have been audited by us. Our conclu-
sion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of 
these subsidiaries, and our report in term of section 143(3) of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, 
is based solely on our audit report of the said entity.
b)  We have not audited the standalone financial statements and other financial information of the associate companies, 
whose standalone financial statements have been audited by their respective auditors. The Consolidated Financial State-
ments include the Group’s share of net profit / (loss) of ` 820.78 Lakhs and other comprehensive income / (loss) of 
` (167.96) Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2026, in respect of two of such associates. These amounts have been 
considered in the consolidated financial statements, based solely on the audited standalone financial statements and 
other financial information have been audited by their respective auditors, whose report has been furnished to us by the 
Parent’s management. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so as far, as it relates to the amounts and 
disclosures included in respect of these associates, and our report in term of section 143(3) of the Act, in so far, as it 
relates to the aforesaid associates, is based solely on the report of other auditors.
 Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements above, and our report on the Other Legal and Regulatory Require-
ments below, is not modified in respect of above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the report of 
the other auditors.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of the report of the other auditors 
on their separate financial statements / financial information of the associate companies, incorporated in India, referred 
to in the Other Matters paragraph above, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements has been kept by the Group and of its associates, including relevant records, so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books and reports of the other auditors.
c. The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including the Other Comprehen -
sive Income / (Losses), the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Reports are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards as 
specified under section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended, time to time.
[page 167]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
162
e. On the basis of the written representation received from the directors of the Parent as on March 31, 2026, taken on 
the record by the Board of Directors of the Parent and based on the reports of the Statutory Auditors of the subsid-
iaries and associate companies, incorporate in India, none of directors of the Group companies and of its associate 
companies, incorporated in India, is disqualified as on March 31, 2026, from being appointed as a director in term 
of section 164(2) of the Act.
f. With respect to adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements 
and the operating effectiveness of such control, refer to our separate report in Annexure “A”, which is based on 
the auditor reports of the Parent, subsidiaries, associate companies, incorporated in India. Our report expresses an 
unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls with reference to 
the consolidated financial statements of those companies.
g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, time to time, in our opinion and to the best of our information and expla-
nations given to us, the remuneration paid / provided by the Parent to its directors during the reporting period is in 
accordance with the provision of section 197 of the Act.
h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Independent Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, time to time, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us;
(i) The consolidated financial statements disclosed the impact of pending litigation on the consolidated financial po -
sitions of the Group and its associates, - Refer “Note No. 51” of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
(ii) The Group and its associates have made the necessary provisions, as required under the applicable law or the 
Indian Accounting Standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative 
contracts. 
(iii) There has been no delay in transferring the amounts required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Pro -
tection Fund by the Parent.
(iv)  (a) The respective Managements of the Parent, subsidiaries and its associates, which are incorporated in  
 India, whose financial statements, have whose financial statements, have been audited under the Act, have
  represented to us and to the other auditors of such associates respectively that, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, as discloses in the notes to the  accounts of the consolidated financial statements, no funds (which 
are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed fund or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Parent or any of such sub -
sidiaries and associate companies included in the Group, to or in any other person or entities, including the 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Intermediaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Parent and any of such subsidiaries and associate companies 
included in the Group (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
(b)  The respective Managements of the Parent, subsidiaries and its associates, which are incorporated in India, 
whose financial statements, have been audited under the Act, have represented to us and to the other auditors 
of such subsidiaries and associate respectively, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in notes to the accounts of the consolidated financial statements, no funds (which are material either indi -
vidually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Parent and any of such subsidiaries and associates 
included in the Group, from any person or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Parent and any of such subsidiaries and 
associate included in the Group shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or enti -
ties identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
c)  Based on such audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances 
performed by us and that performed by the other auditors of the associate companies include in the Group, 
which are incorporated in India, whose financial statements audited under the Act, nothing has come to our or 
other auditors notice that has caused us and other auditors to believe that the representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
[page 168]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
163
(v)  As stated in “Note No. 54” to the consolidated financial statements:
a) The final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Parent, subsidiaries and associates, 
which are incorporated in India, whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, where applica-
ble, during the reporting period is in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
b) During the reporting period and until the date of this report, the Parent, subsidiaries and associates, which are 
incorporated in India, whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, where applicable, has not 
declared or paid any interim dividend in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
c) The Board of Directors of the Parent, subsidiaries and associates, which are incorporated in India, whose fi-
nancial statements have been audited under the Act, where applicable has proposed the final dividend for the 
period, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders at their ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). 
The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
(vi)  Based on our examination, which included test check, and based on the other auditors of its associate companies, 
which have been incorporated in India, whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, the Parent, its 
subsidiaries and its associates, which are incorporated in India, has used accounting software for maintaining their 
respective books of accounts for the financial period ended March 31, 2026, which has a feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facilities and the same has operated throughout the period for all the relevant transactions recorded 
in the software. Further, during the course of audit, we and respective other auditors, whose report have been 
furnished to us by the Management of Parent, have not come across any instances of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with.
 Additionally, where the audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated in the previous year, the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Parent, subsidiaries and above referred associate companies, which are incorporated in 
India, as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
2.  With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) of the paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies (Auditors Re-
port) Order, 2020, (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government, in terms of section 143(11) of the Act, according to 
information and explanations given to us and based on the CARO reports issued by us and the auditors of the respective 
companies included in the consolidated financial statements to which reporting under CARO is applicable, as provided 
to us by the Parent’s management, we report that, there are no qualification or adverse remarks by the respective auditors 
in the CARO reports of the said companies included in the consolidated financial statements.
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
 For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0138430W
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
[page 169]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
164
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under “Report on the Other Regulatory Requirements” section of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements over the Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2026, we 
have audited the internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements of “MMP INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED” (the “Parent”), its subsidiary companies, and associate companies, which are incorporated in India, (hereinafter 
the Parent and its subsidiary companies together referred to as “the Group”), as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Management and the Board of Directors of the Parent, its subsidiary companies and associate companies, 
which are incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to 
these consolidated financial statements based on criteria established by the respective Companies considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementa-
tion and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and effi -
cient conduct of business, adherence to the respective Company’s policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection 
of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial state -
ments of the Parent, its subsidiary companies and associate companies, which are incorporated in India, based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Report-
ing (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Compa-
nies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable, to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to the consolidated financial 
statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to the consolidated 
financial statements were established and maintained and whether such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involved performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to these consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, and audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the associate com-
panies included in the Group, which are incorporated in India, in term of their report referred to in Other Matters paragraph 
below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to 
the consolidated financial statements of the Parent, its subsidiary companies and its associate companies, which are incorpo -
rated in India.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A Group’s internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Group’s internal financial controls with 
reference to these consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance 
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Group; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Group are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and directors of the Group; and (3) provide reasonable 
[page 170]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
165
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Group’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over the Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements, in-
cluding the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to these 
consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to 
these consolidated financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of com -
pliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us, and based on the consideration of 
the reports of the other auditors referred to in Other Matters below, the Parent, its subsidiary companies and associate compa-
nies, which are incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
these consolidated financial statements, and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, 
based on the criteria for internal financial control with reference to these consolidated financial statements established by the 
respective companies included in the Group, considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report, under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal financial 
controls with reference to these consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to two associate companies, which are 
incorporated in India, on their separate financial statements, is based solely on the corresponding reports of the auditors of 
such companies on their respective financial statements. Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matters.
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
 For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0138430W
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
[page 171]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
166
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
             (` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note As At
31.03.2026
As At
31.03.2025
A ASSETS
1 Non - Current Assets
Property, Plants and Equipment 2  25,019.43  22,250.36 
Other Intangible Assets 3  3.37  7.10 
Capital Work-in-Progress 4  3,832.49  2,840.66 
Financial Assets
Investments 5  5,410.66  4,767.81 
Loans 6  20.97  17.55 
Other Financial Assets 7  572.74  609.53 
Other Non - Current Assets 8  1,090.64  328.30 
Current Tax Assets (Net) 9  0.22  78.66 
Total Non - Current Assets  35,950.53  30,899.97 
2 Current Assets
Inventories 10  15,809.91  13,489.31 
Financial Assets
Trade Receivables 11  8,884.99  8,951.34 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 12A  196.52  1,095.22 
Other Balances with Banks 12B  4.29  2.88 
Loans 13  25.00  16.48 
Other Financial Assets 14  929.99  102.67 
Other Current Assets 15  692.43  345.13 
Total Current Assets  26,543.14  24,003.04 
Total Assets  62,493.66  54,903.01 
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
a) EQUITY
Equity Share Capital 16  2,540.26  2,540.26 
Other Equity 17  32,110.52  29,803.94 
 34,650.78  32,344.20 
b) LIABILITIES
1 Non - Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 18  4,317.62  3,213.91 
Long - Term Financial Liabilities 19  84.25  60.63 
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 20  1,701.84  1,552.00 
Long - Term Provisions 21  483.95  291.23 
Other Non - Current Liabilities 22  124.44  131.03 
Total Non - Current Liabilities  6,712.12  5,248.80 
2 Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings 23  14,134.83  12,411.50 
Trade Payables
Total Outstanding dues to Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises 24  880.98  833.86 
Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than to Micro Enterprises and Small 
Enterprises
24  3,741.23  1,878.78 
Other Financial Liabilities 25  1,766.71  1,779.81 
Other Current Liabilities 26  280.19  269.33 
Short - Term Provisions 27  215.01  136.73 
Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 28  111.80  -   
Total Current Liabilities  21,130.77  17,310.01 
Total Equity and Liabilities  62,493.66  54,903.01 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
[page 172]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
167
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the Period ended on March 31, 2026
(Amount ` in Lakhs, except earnings per share data)
S. No. Particulars Note 2025-2026 2024-2025
I INCOME
1 Revenue from Operations 29  82,400.49  69,185.99 
2 Other Income 30  133.17  104.63 
II Total Income (Total of 1 to 2)  82,533.67  69,290.62 
III EXPENSES
1 Cost of Materials Consumed 31  66,221.75  55,543.77 
2 Purchase of Trading Stock  3.67  8.39 
3 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Trading Stock 32  (597.21)  (2,069.76)
4 Employee Benefits Expense 33  4,794.73  4,395.32 
5 Finance Costs 34  1,333.31  1,019.27 
6 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 35  1,134.25  970.55 
7 Other Expenses 36  5,484.01  4,925.60 
IV Total Expenses (Total of 1 to 7)  78,374.52  64,793.13 
V Profit Before Exceptional Item and Tax (II - IV)  4,159.15  4,497.49 
Exceptional Items 37  973.69  -   
VI Profit Before Tax (PBT) and Before Share of Profit / (Loss) in Associates  3,185.46  4,497.49 
VII Share of Profit / (Loss) in Associates  820.78  613.67 
VIII Profit Before Tax (PBT) (VI + VII)  4,006.25  5,111.17 
IX Tax Expenses
1 Current tax 20  715.68  739.42 
2 Deferred tax 20  189.64  484.20 
X Total Tax Expenses (Total of 1 to 2)  905.32  1,223.62 
XI Profit After Tax (PAT) (VI - VIII)  3,100.93  3,887.55 
XII Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)
A) Items that will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
a)   i) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans  (148.01)  (31.86)
ii) Income tax expenses on the above  37.25  8.02 
b)   i) Net fair value gain / (loss) on investment in equity instruments through Other 
Comprehensive Income
 -    -   
ii) Income tax expenses on the above  -    -   
c)  Share of Other Comprehensive Income in Associates (Net of Income tax 
expenses)
 (167.96)  (32.57)
B) Items that will be reclassified subsequently to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss 
a)   i) Net fair value gain / (loss) on investments in debt instruments through Other 
Comprehensive Income
 -    -   
ii) Income tax expenses on the above  -    -   
b)   i) Net movement on Cash Flow Hedge Reserves  (10.12)  -   
ii) Income tax expenses on the above  2.55  -   
XIII Total Other Comprehensive Income  (286.29)  (56.41)
XIV Total Comprehensive Income for the year         (IX + XI)  2,814.64  3,831.13 
XV Profit Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company  3,100.93  3,887.55 
Non - Controlling Interests  -    -   
XVI Other Comprehensive Income Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company  (286.29)  (56.41)
Non - Controlling Interests  -    -   
XVI Total Comprehensive Income Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company  2,814.64  3,831.13 
Non - Controlling Interests  -    -   
Earnings per Equity Share
XVII Basic (In `) 56  12.21  15.30 
Diluted (In `) 56  12.21  15.30 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
[page 173]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
168
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year then ended March 31, 2026(` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars 31.03.2026
(`)
31.03.2025
(`)
A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net Profit / (Loss) Before Tax for the year as per the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss
 4,006.25  5,111.17 
Adjustments For:
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  1,134.25  970.55 
Interest Income  (42.23)  (16.04)
Rental Income  (15.00)  (15.00)
Finance Costs  1,333.31  1,019.27 
Share of Profit / (Loss) in Associates  (820.78)  (613.67)
Subsidy or Grants for Property, Plants and Equipment (Net)  (9.88)  (9.79)
(Surplus) / Loss on Disposal of Property, Plants and Equipment (Including 
Loss due to Fire)
 23.45  11.37 
EIR on Employee Loans  0.09  (0.17)
Provision for Unsecured Doubtful Debts and Advances  68.95  54.15 
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes  5,678.41  6,511.83 
Adjustments For:
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables  50.66  (3,238.97)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other Financial Assets  (843.79)  (84.39)
(Increase) / Decrease in Loans  (12.03)  (10.84)
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (2,320.60)  (2,389.35)
(Increase) / Decrease in Other Current Assets  (347.30)  155.97 
Increase / (Decrease) in Short - Term Borrowings  1,723.34  4,426.41 
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables  1,909.56  388.26 
Increase / (Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  (19.21)  740.09 
Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  10.86  (0.56)
Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions  123.00  29.47 
Cash Generated from Operating Activities  5,952.90  6,527.93 
Income Tax Paid (Net of Refund)  (623.93)  (849.19)
Net Cash Generated / (Used) from Operating Activities  5,328.97  5,678.74 
B) Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investment in Property, Plants and Equipment (Net of Disposal)  (3,923.03)  (4,974.53)
(Increase) / Decrease in Capital Work-in-Progress  (991.83)  (92.28)
(Increase) / Decrease in Non - Current Investments  9.98  49.91 
Subsidy / Grant for Property, Plants and Equipment (Net)  3.29  -   
Capital Advances  (663.86)  (135.59)
Liabilities towards Capital Expenditures  18.22  24.38 
Interest Income  42.23  16.04 
Rental Income  15.00  15.00 
Net Cash Generated / (Used) from Investing Activities  (5,490.01)  (5,097.07)
[page 174]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
169
S. No. Particulars 31.03.2026
(`)
31.03.2025
(`)
C) Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Fresh Issue of Equity Shares  -    -   
Proceeds / (Repayments) from Non - Current Borrowings  1,103.71  1,876.63 
Finance Costs  (1,333.31)  (1,019.27)
Dividend Paid  (508.05)  (381.04)
Net Cash Received / (Used) from Financing Activities  (737.65)  476.32 
(D) Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A + B + C)  (898.70)  1,057.99 
(E) Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the period  1,095.22  37.23 
(F) Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the period  196.52  1,095.22 
(G) Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (G = F - E)  (898.70)  1,057.99 
Note:
b) Cash and Cash Equivalents Comprises of:  (` in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars  31.03.2026
 `
 31.03.2025
 `
1 Balances with Banks
i)   Current Accounts  193.51  1,090.00 
2 Cash-in-Hand  3.02  5.22 
3 Cash and Cash Equivalents (Total of 1 to 2)  196.52  1,095.22 
MATERIAL  ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                                                      1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
[page 175]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
170
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year then ended on March 31, 2026
A) Equity Share Capital               (` in Lakhs)
31.03.2026
 `
31.03.2025
 `
Equity Share Capital
Balance at the beginning of the reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26 
Changes in Equity Share capital due to prior period errors -  -
Restated balances at the beginning of the current reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26 
Changes in Equity Share capital during the reporting period -  -
Balance at the end of the reporting period…(`)  2,540.26  2,540.26
B) Other Equity   (` in Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI Total Other 
EquityCapital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earning
Cash Flow 
Hedge        
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Share of 
OCI   in          
Associates
` ` ` ` ` ` `
Balance as at April 01, 2024 (A)  40.32 6,789.49  19,275.66  -    -    2.06  251.42  26,358.94 
Addition made during the reporting period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the reporting period  -    -    3,887.55  -    -    -    -    3,887.55 
Addition made during the reporting period  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of Profit and Loss  -    -    (15.90)  -    -    10.81  -    (5.10)
Items of the Other Comprehensive Income for the period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined benefits plan (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    (23.84)  -    (23.84)
Net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments 
through OCI (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net Movement of Cash Flow Hedge Reserves (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Share of Other Comprehensive Income of Associates 
(Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (32.57)  (32.57)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 2024 - 
2025 (B)
 -    -    3,871.64  -    -    (13.03)  (32.57)  3,826 
Reduction made during the reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note No. 54")  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    -    381.04 
Total reductions made during the reporting period (C)  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    -    381.04 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 (D) = (A + B - C)  40.32 6,789.49  22,766.26  -    -    (10.98)  218.84 29,803.94 
Transferred from Statement of Profit and Loss  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Items of the Other Comprehensive Income for the 
period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined benefits plan 
(Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    (110.76)  -    (110.76)
Net fair value gain on investments in equity 
instruments through OCI (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Net Movement of Cash Flow Hedge Reserves 
(Net)
 -    -    -    (7.57)  -    -    -    (7.57)
Share of Other Comprehensive Income of 
Associates (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (167.96)  (167.96)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 2025 
- 2026 (E)
 -    -    3,100.93  (7.57)  -  (110.76)  (167.96)  2,814.64 
Reduction made during the reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note No. 54")  -    -    508.05  -    -    -    -    508.05 
Total reductions made during the reporting 
period (F)
 -    -    508.05  -    -    -    -    508.05 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 (G) = (D + E - F)  40.32 6,789.49 25,359.14  (7.57)  -    (121.74)  50.89 32,110.52 
MATERIAL  ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                             1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
[page 176]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year then ended on March 31, 2026
Group Information
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of MMP Industries Limited (the “Parent”), its 
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) and Group’s share of profit in its associates for the period ended March 
31, 2026.
The Parent is a Public Limited Company, domiciled and incorporated in India, under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956. 
The Registered office of the Parent is situated at 211, Shri Mohini Complex, 345, Kingsway, Kasturchand Park, Nagpur, 
(M.H.) - 440001. The books of accounts and other relevant records are maintained at B -24, MIDC Area, Hingna Industrial 
Estate, Hingna Road, Nagpur (M.H.) - 440016. The Parent’s shares are listed on “National Stock Exchange” (NSE).
The Group is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing, sale, distribution, and trading of Aluminium Powder, 
Aluminium Pyro and Flake Powder, Aluminium Paste, Aluminium Conductors, and Aluminium Foils. The Group is also 
engaged in the manufacturing and trading of Manganese Oxide (MnO) and Manganese Dioxide (MnO₂), as well as polymer 
and ceramic insulators, wires, wire rods and FRP rods.
The Parent’s Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026, and 
authorized for issue on May 23, 2026.
1.  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 These consolidated financial statements are the separate financial statements of the Parent (also referred to as “the 
consolidated financial statements”), prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as notified 
under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 and the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, as amended from time to time. 
The preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements are in accordance with Ind AS and Division 
- II of Schedule - III to the Companies Act, 2013.
 Entity-specific disclosures of material accounting policies, where Indian Accounting Standards permit alternative 
accounting treatments, are set out hereunder:
 The Parent’s management and respective Board of Directors included in the Group has assessed the materiality of 
accounting policy information, which involves the exercise of judgment and consideration of both qualitative and 
quantitative factors. Such assessment takes into account not only the size and nature of items or conditions, but also 
the characteristics of the related transactions, events, or circumstances that could make the information more likely to 
influence the decisions of users of the consolidated financial statements. An entity’s conclusion that an accounting policy 
is immaterial does not affect the disclosures requirements set out in the Indian Accounting Standards.
 The Parent has adopted Ind AS from April 01, 2018. The accounting policies have been consistently applied, except 
where a newly issued accounting standard has been initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard 
requires a change in the accounting policies hitherto adopted. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared 
and presented under the historical cost convention on an accrual basis of accounting, except for certain financial assets 
and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is generally 
based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services. Fair value is the price that would 
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date.
 The consolidated statement of cash flows has been prepared using the indirect method, whereby consolidated profit or 
loss is adjusted for the effects of non-cash transactions, deferrals and accruals of past or future operating cash receipts 
or payments, and items of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from 
operating, investing, and financing activities of the Parent are separately presented. The Parent considers all highly 
liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value as cash equivalents.
 The Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared and presented in Indian Rupees (₹) in lakhs, which is also 
the functional currency of the Group. All amounts are rounded off to the nearest ₹ in Lakhs up to two decimal places, 
unless otherwise stated.
[page 177]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
172
1.2  PRINCIPLE OF CONSOLUIDATION
 The consolidated financial statements of MMP Industries Limited (the “Parent”) comprise the financial statements of 
the Parent and its subsidiaries and its associate companies (collectively referred to as the “Group”) as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the principles 
of consolidation prescribed under the applicable Indian Accounting Standards and the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013.
 The Parent consolidates all entities over which it exercises control. Control exists when the Parent is exposed, or has 
rights, to variable returns from its involvement with an investee and has the ability to affect those returns through 
its power over the investee. The Parent has power over an investee when it possesses existing rights that give it the 
current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e., the activities that significantly affect the investee’s returns. The Parent 
reassesses whether it controls an investee whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or 
more elements of control.
 Subsidiary Companies
 Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Parent, directly or indirectly, obtains control over the subsidiary 
and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases. The income and expenses of a subsidiary are included 
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss from the date the Parent, directly or indirectly, acquires control until the 
date the Parent, directly or indirectly, loses control. Any change in the Parent’ ownership interest in subsidiary that do 
not result in a loss of control are accounted for as an equity transaction.
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the principles of consolidation prescribed 
under Ind AS 110, “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The financial statements of the Parent and its subsidiary are 
combined on a line-by-line basis by adding together like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash 
flows. All intra-group balances, transactions, income, expenses, and unrealized profits or losses arising from intra-group 
transactions are eliminated in full on consolidation. Temporary differences arising from the elimination of unrealized 
profits and losses on intra-group transactions are accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12, “Income Taxes”.
 Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the 
Parent and to non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
Non-controlling interests represent the portion of equity, profit or loss, and other comprehensive income of a subsidiary 
attributable to interests that are not owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent. Non-controlling interests are presented 
separately within equity in the consolidated balance sheet and separately from the equity of the equity holders of the 
Parent in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
 Gains or losses arising from partial divestment or dilution of shareholding in subsidiary companies that do not result in a 
loss of control are recognized directly in other equity attributable to the owners of the Parent in the consolidated financial 
statements. Gains or losses arising from divestment of shareholding that results in a loss of control over a subsidiary are 
recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Any investment retained in the former subsidiary is initially 
measured at fair value on the date control is lost, and the resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of profit 
and loss. Such retained interest is subsequently accounted for either as an investment in an associate or joint venture, as 
applicable, or as a financial asset, depending on the level of influence retained.
 Associate Companies
 An associate is an entity over which the Parent has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate 
in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.
 Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the “Equity Method of 
Accounting”. Under the equity method, investments in associates are initially recognized at cost and subsequently 
adjusted to recognize the Group’s share of post-acquisition changes in the net assets of the associate. The consolidated 
statement of profit and loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the associates. The Group’s share 
of other comprehensive income of the associates is presented as part of the Group’s other comprehensive income. In 
addition, where changes have been recognized directly in the equity of the associate, the Group recognizes its share of 
such changes, where applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.Top of Form
 Bottom of Form
[page 178]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
173
 Where the Group’s share of losses of an associate equal or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any 
long-term interest that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investments in the associates), the Group discontinues 
recognizing its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred 
legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on behalf of the associate. If the associate subsequently reports 
profits, the Group resumes recognizing its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of 
losses not previously recognized.
 The aggregate of the Group’s share of profit or loss of an associate is presented separately on the face of the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss.
 After the application of equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognize an impairment loss 
on its investment in associates. At each reporting date, the Group’s assesses whether there is any objective evidence that 
the investment in the associate is impaired. If such evidence exists, the Group estimates the amount of impairment as 
the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and it’s carrying amount, and recognizes the loss in the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Upon the loss of significant influence over an associate, the Group measures and recognizes any retained investment at 
fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the investment at the date of loss of significant influence and 
the fair value of the retained investments, less cost to sell, is recognized in the consolidated statements of profit and loss.
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared using the uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other 
events in similar circumstances and are presented, to the extent possible, in the same manner as the Parent’s separate 
financial statements, unless otherwise stated. Where a member of the Group uses accounting polices other than those 
adopted in the consolidated financial statements for like transactions and other events in the similar circumstances, 
appropriate adjustments are made to that Group member’s financial statements in preparing the consolidated financial 
statements to ensure conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.
 The standalone financial statements of all entities included in the Group, which are used for the purpose of consolidation, 
are drawn up to the same reporting period as that of the Parent i.e. the year ended March 31, 2026. Where the reporting 
period of the Parent is different from that of its subsidiaries and associate companies, additional financial information 
as of the same date as the Parent’s financial statements is prepared for consolidation purposes to enable the Parent to 
consolidate the financial information of such subsidiary and associate companies, unless it is impracticable to do so.
 The list of subsidiaries and associate companies included in the consolidation and the Group’s interests therein is as 
under:
S. 
No.
Name of the Company Nature of the 
Company
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 Country of 
IncorporationOwnership in percentage 
either through directly or 
indirectly
1. MMP Electricals Private Limited Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary Company
100.00% 100.00% India
2. MMP Cables Private Limited Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary Company
100.00% -- India
3. MMP Alutech Private Limited Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary Company
100.00% -- India
4. Star Circlips and Engineering Limited Associate Company 26.06% 26.06% India
5. Toyal MMP India Private Limited Associate Company 26.00% 26.00% India
1.3  APPLICATION OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
 The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notified amendments 
to Ind AS - 21, “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”, applicable w.e.f. April 01, 2025. The Group has 
evaluated the impact of the said amendments and concluded that they do not have any material impact on its consolidated 
financial statements.
[page 179]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
174
1.4  CURRENT AND NON - CURRENT CLASSIFICATION
 The Group and its associates present the assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current / non-current 
classification. An asset or liabilities is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
i) The assets / liabilities are expected to be realized / settled in the Group and its associate’s normal operating cycle.
ii) The assets are intended for sales or consumption.
iii) The assets / liabilities are held primarily for the purpose of trading.
iv) The assets / liabilities are expected to be realized / settled within twelve months after the end of reporting date.
v) The assets are cash or cash equivalents unless they are restricted from being exchanged or used to settle liabilities 
for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
vi) In the case of liabilities, the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liabilities for 
at least twelve months after the reporting date.
 All other assets and liabilities are classified as non-current.
 For the purpose of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities, the Group and its associates have 
determined its operating cycle as twelve (12) months. This is based on the nature of its operations and the time between 
the acquisition of assets or inventories for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents.
1.5  SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a)  Property, Plants and Equipment
 Measurement at Recognition
 An item of property, plants and equipment that qualifies for recognition as an asset is initial measured at cost. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, such item of property, plants and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The Group and its associates identify and accounts for each 
significant component of an item of property, plants and equipment separately, where the cost of such component is 
significant to the total cost of the assets and its useful life differs materially from that of the remaining components 
of the assets.
 The cost of an item of property, plants and equipment comprises its purchase price, net of discounts, if any, including 
import duties and other non-refundable purchase taxes or levies, and any directly attributable costs of bringing the 
asset to its present location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by 
management. It also includes the initial estimate of costs of dismantling, removing, and restoring the site on which 
the asset is located, if any. Cost further includes the cost of replacing parts of property, plants and equipment, 
where the recognition criteria are met. Expenditure directly attributable to the construction of new manufacturing 
facilities is capitalized during the construction period, provided the recognition criteria are satisfied. Similarly, 
expenditure incurred on plans, designs, and drawings relating to buildings, plants, and machinery is capitalized 
under the relevant categories of property, plants and equipment. When significant components of property, 
plants and equipment are required to be replaced at regular intervals, the Group and its associates recognize such 
components as separate assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.
 Subsequent costs are included in the carrying amount of the asset or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and its 
associates and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for 
as a separate asset is derecognized upon its replacement.
 All costs, including administrative, financing, and general overhead expenses, that are directly attributable to 
the construction of a specific project or to the acquisition of property, plants and equipment, or for bringing such 
assets to their present location and condition necessary for their intended use, are included as part of the cost of 
construction or the cost of property, plants and equipment, as the case may be, up to the date of commencement of 
commercial production. Any adjustments arising from exchange rate variations attributable to property, plants and 
equipment are capitalized as stated above, in accordance with applicable Indian Accounting Standards.
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of property, plants and equipment that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are capitalized as part of the cost of 
such assets, to the extent they relate to the period up to the date the assets are ready for their intended use.
[page 180]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
175
 Subsequent expenditure related to an item of property, plants and equipment is added to it carrying amount only if 
it is probable that such expenditure will result in an increase in future economic benefits from the asset beyond its 
previously assessed standard of performance.
 Items such as spare parts, stand-by equipment, and servicing equipment that meet the definition of property, plants 
and equipment are capitalized at cost and depreciated over their respective useful lives. Expenditure in the nature 
of repairs and maintenance is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as and when incurred.
 Capital Work-in-Progress and Capital Advances
 The cost of property, plants and equipment that are not yet ready for their intended use as at the consolidated 
balance sheet date is disclosed under “Capital Work-in-Progress” (CWIP) and is carried at cost. Expenditure 
incurred on survey and investigation activities relating to projects is initially recognized as part of CWIP. Such 
expenditure is capitalized as part of the cost of the relevant asset upon completion of the project. In cases where 
the project is abandoned, the related expenditure is charged to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the 
period in which the decision to abandon the project is made. Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, 
plants and equipment outstanding as at each consolidated balance sheet date are disclosed under “Other Non - 
Current Assets”.
 Depreciation
 Depreciation on property, plants and equipment is provided on a pro-rata basis over the useful lives of the assets, 
using the “Straight Line Method (SLM)”, so as to allocate the depreciable amount of the assets over their estimated 
useful lives. Depreciation is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in accordance with the 
requirements of Schedule - II to the Companies Act, 2013. The estimated useful lives of property, plants and 
equipment are determined based on technical evaluation and are aligned, where appropriate, with the useful lives 
prescribed under Schedule - II. Such estimates consider factors including the nature of the asset, its expected 
usage, physical wear and tear, operating conditions, anticipated technological changes, manufacturer’s warranties, 
and maintenance support.
 Where an item of property, plants and equipment comprises significant components with different useful lives, 
such components are accounted for separately (major components) and are depreciated over their respective useful 
lives or the remaining useful life of the principal asset, whichever is lower. The useful lives of the items of 
property, plants and equipment as estimated by the Group and its associate’s management is mentioned below:
S. 
No.
Name of Property, Plants and Equipment Useful Life
(In Years)
1. Factory Building 30 Years
2. Building (Other than Factory Building) 60 Years
3. Plant and Machineries (Including Continuous Process Plant) 25 Years
4. Furniture and Fixtures 10 Years
5. Office Equipment 10 Years
6. Computer and Other Data Processing units 3 Years
7. Motor Vehicles 8 Years
8. Electrical Installation and Other Equipment 10 Years
 The Group and its associates based on technical assessment made by the technical experts and the Group and its 
associate’s management estimate, depreciate certain items of property, plants and equipment over the estimated 
useful lives which are different from the useful lives as prescribed under Schedule - II of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The Group and its associate’s management believes that the useful lives given above are best to represent the 
period over which Group and its associate’s management expects to use this property, plants and equipment.
 Freehold land is not depreciated. Leasehold land and leasehold improvements are amortised over the period of the 
respective lease.
 The useful lives, residual values, and method of depreciation of each item of property, plants and equipment 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period. If there is any change in these estimates compared to previous 
assessments, such changes are accounted for as changes in accounting estimates and are applied prospectively, 
where appropriate.
[page 181]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
176
 Derecognition
 An item of property, plants and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. The gain or loss arising on derecognition is measured as the difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss at the time of derecognition.
b)  Intangible Assets
 Measurement at Recognition
 Intangible assets acquired separately are initially recognised at cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business 
combination are recognised at their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Internally generated intangible assets, 
including expenditure on research activities, are not capitalized, and such expenditure is recognized in the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which it is incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 Amortization
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised on a “Straight - Line Basis”  over their estimated useful 
economic lives. The amortization expense on such intangible assets is recognized in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss. The estimated useful lives of such intangible assets are mentioned below:
S. 
No.
Name of Other Intangible Assets Useful Life
(In Years)
1. Computer Software 5 Years
 The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at 
the end of each financial year. If there are any changes in the expected useful life or the pattern of consumption 
of future economic benefits compared to previous estimates, such changes are treated as changes in accounting 
estimates and are applied prospectively, where appropriate.
 Derecognition
 An intangible asset is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal. The gain or loss arising on derecognition is measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds 
and the carrying amount of the intangible asset and is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 
at the time of derecognition.
c)  Impairment
 The Group and its associates assess at each consolidated balance sheet date whether there are any indications 
that a non-financial asset may be impaired. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized and are 
tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be 
impaired.
 Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortization, as well as investments in associates, are reviewed for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be 
recoverable. Such indicators include, but are not limited to, significant or sustained declines in revenues or earnings 
and material adverse changes in the economic environment.
 Where any such indication exists, the Group and its associates estimate the recoverable amount of the asset or 
its Cash Generating Unit (CGU). If the carrying amount of the asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the 
asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher 
of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. In determining value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For assets that do not generate independent cash 
inflows, the recoverable amount is determined at the level of the CGU to which the asset belongs. After recognition 
of an impairment loss, depreciation or amortization is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over 
its remaining useful life. Impairment losses recognized in prior periods are reviewed at each reporting date for 
any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. If such indication exists, the impairment loss is 
reversed to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined (net of depreciation or amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized in prior periods.
[page 182]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
177
 Impairment losses and reversals thereof are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and are 
presented within depreciation and amortization expense.
d)  Revenue Recognition
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services 
to the customer, at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group and its associates expect to be 
entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is 
allocated to each performance obligation. The transaction price is adjusted for variable consideration, including 
discounts, rebates, and incentive schemes offered by the Group and its associates under the terms of the contract. 
Such variable consideration is estimated using the expected value method. Revenue (net of variable consideration) 
is recognized only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative 
revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently 
resolved.
 Sale of Products
 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer. The 
performance obligation in such cases is satisfied at a point in time, generally upon dispatch of goods to the 
customer or upon delivery, as specified in the terms of the contract. Revenue is measured at the transaction price 
and is presented net of Goods and Services Tax (GST), discounts, rebates, and incentives offered to customers.
 Sale of Services
 Revenue from the rendering of services is recognized over time, based on the progress towards satisfaction of 
the performance obligation. The stage of completion is measured in accordance with the terms of the underlying 
agreements or arrangements with customers, as the services are performed.
 Advances received from customers are recognized as contract liabilities under “Other Current Liabilities” and are 
recognized as revenue upon satisfaction of the related performance obligations.
e)  Government Grants and Subsidies
 Recognition and Measurements
 Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Group and its associates will 
comply with the conditions attached to them and that the grants will be received, in accordance with Ind AS 
20, “ Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance” . Government grants are 
recognized in the consolidated  statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the 
related costs that the grants are intended to compensate are recognized as expenses. Government grants related to 
property, plants and equipment are measured at fair value and are recognised as deferred income. Such grants are 
subsequently recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives 
of the related assets.
 Presentation
 Income from such grants and subsidies is presented under “Revenue from Operations”, where it is considered to 
be in the nature of operating income. Government grants related to property, plants and equipment are measured 
at fair value and are recognized as deferred income. Such grants are subsequently recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the related assets.
f)  Inventories
 Inventories, including raw materials, work-in-progress, finished goods, packing materials, stores and spares, 
components, consumables, and trading stock, are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. However, 
materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the 
finished goods in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. The comparison of cost 
and net realizable value is made on an item-by-item basis.
 Cost of inventories is determined using the weighted average method. The cost comprises all costs of purchase, 
including non-refundable duties and taxes, costs of conversion including an appropriate allocation of fixed and 
[page 183]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
178
variable production overheads, and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and 
condition. Net realizable value represents th e estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less 
estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
 The Group and its associates evaluate the condition of inventories at each reporting date and makes provision for 
slow-moving, obsolete, and non-saleable inventories, based on factors such as shelf life, product discontinuance, 
and ageing analysis, to reflect the net realisable value of such inventories.
g)  Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or an 
equity instrument of another entity.
 Financial Assets
 Initial Recognition and Measurements
 The Group and its associates recognize a financial asset in its consolidated balance sheet when it becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets are initially recognized at fair value, plus, in the 
case of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant 
financing component are measured at their transaction price. Where the fair value of a financial asset at initial 
recognition differs from its transaction price, the difference is recognized as a gain or loss in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss, provided that the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for 
an identical asset (Level 1 input) or is based on a valuation technique that uses observable market data (Level 2 
inputs).
 In cases where the fair value is not determined using Level 1 or Level 2 inputs, the difference between the 
transaction price and fair value is deferred and recognized as a gain or loss in the consolidated Statement of profit 
and loss only to the extent that it arises from a change in factors that market participants would consider in pricing 
the financial asset.
 Subsequent Measurements
 For subsequent measurements, the Group and its associates classify a financial asset in accordance with the below 
criteria:
i) The Group and its associate’s business model for managing the financial assets and
ii) The contractual cash flows characteristics of the financial assets.
Based on the above criteria, the Group and its associates classify, its financial assets into the following categories:
i) Financial assets measured at amortized costs
ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Financial Assets measured at Amortized Costs
 A financial asset is measured at amortized costs if both of the following conditions are met:
a)  The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows; and
b)  The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI criterion).
 This category includes cash and bank balances, trade receivables, loans, and other financial assets of the 
Group and its associates. Such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method (EIR). Under this method, future cash flows are discounted to their present value at the time 
of initial recognition using the effective interest rate. The difference between the initial recognition amount 
and the maturity amount is amortised over the life of the financial asset and is recognized as interest income 
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss under “Other Income”. The amortized cost of financial assets 
is adjusted for any loss allowance recognised for expected credit losses, where applicable.
[page 184]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
179
Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI, if both of the following conditions are met:
a)  The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets; and
b)  The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI criterion).
 This category primarily applies to certain investments in debt instruments. Such financial assets are 
subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. Changes in fair value are recognized in consolidated 
other comprehensive income (OCI). However, interest income, impairment losses, and reversals thereof are 
recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Upon derecognition of such debt instruments, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is 
reclassified from equity to the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Further, the Group and its associates have made an irrevocable election at initial recognition, on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis, to designate certain equity instruments as measured at FVTOCI. These 
equity instruments are not held for trading nor represent contingent consideration arising from a business 
combination. Subsequent changes in the fair value of such equity instruments are recognized in OCI. 
Dividend income from such equity instruments is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss 
when the Group and its associate’s right to receive payment is established, it is probable that the economic 
benefits will flow to the Group and its associates, and the amount can be measured reliably.
 Upon derecognition of such equity instruments, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is 
not reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Instead, it may be transferred within equity 
to retained earnings.
 Financial Assets measured at FVTPL
 A financial asset is measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) unless it is measured at amortized cost 
or at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) as described above. This is a residual category 
and applies to all other financial assets of the Group and its associates, excluding investments in associates. Such 
financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date, with all changes in fair value 
recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Derecognition
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) 
is derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group and its associate’s Balance Sheet) when any of the following 
conditions are met:
i)  The contractual rights to cash flows from the financial assets expire.
ii)  The Group and its associates have transferred its contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial 
asset and has substantially transferred all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset.
iii)  The Group and its associates retain the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset 
but assumes a contractual obligation to pass on those cash flows, without material delay, to one or more 
recipients under a “pass-through” arrangement, thereby substantially transferring all the risks and rewards 
of ownership of the financial asset.
iv)  The Group and its associates neither transfer nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership 
of the financial asset and does not retain control over the financial asset.
 In cases where the Group and its associates neither transfer nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards 
of ownership of a financial asset but retains control over the asset, the Group and its associates continues 
to recognize the financial asset to the extent of its continuing involvement. In such cases, the Group and its 
associates also recognize an associated liability. The financial asset and the associated liability are measured 
on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations retained by the Group and its associates.
 On derecognition of financial assets (except for financial assets measured at FVTOCI as described above), 
the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the consideration received is recognized in the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss.
[page 185]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
180
 Impairment of Financial Assets
 The Group and its associates apply expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurements and recognition of loss 
allowance on the following:
i) Trade receivables
ii) Financial assets measured at amortized costs (other than trade receivables)
iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 The Group and its associates apply the expected credit loss (ECL) model for recognition and measurement of 
impairment on financial assets measured at amortized cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI). In the case of trade receivables, the Group and its associates follow the simplified approach, whereby 
an amount equal to lifetime ECL is recognized as a loss allowance.
 For other financial assets, the Group and its associates apply the general approach and assesses at each reporting 
date whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If the credit risk has 
not increased significantly, an amount equal to twelve-month ECL is recognized. If the credit risk has increased 
significantly, an amount equal to lifetime ECL is recognized. Subsequently, if the credit quality improves such 
that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk, the Group and its associates revert to recognising loss 
allowance based on twelve-month ECL. ECL represents the difference between the contractual cash flows due to 
the Group and its associates in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group and its associates 
expect to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. Lifetime ECL represents expected credit losses 
resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of the financial asset, whereas twelve-month ECL 
represents a portion of lifetime ECL attributable to default events possible within twelve months from the reporting 
date.
 ECL is measured in a manner that reflects unbiased and probability-weighted amounts determined using a range 
of possible outcomes, taking into account the time value of money and all reasonable and supportable information 
available about past events, current conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions. As a practical 
expedient, the Group and its associates use a provision matrix to determine lifetime ECL for its portfolio of trade 
receivables. The provision matrix is based on historically observed default rates over the expected life of the 
receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking information. At each reporting date, these historical default rates 
and forward-looking estimates are updated.
 ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal thereof) recognized during the reporting period is recognized in the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss under “Other Expenses”.
 Financial Liabilities
 Initial Recognition and Measurements
 The Group and its associates recognize a financial liability in its consolidated balance sheet when it becomes a 
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair value, 
and, in the case of financial liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), are adjusted for 
transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the financial liabilities.
 Where the fair value of a financial liability at initial recognition differs from its transaction price, the difference 
is recognized as a gain or loss in the consolidated statement of profit and loss, provided that the fair value is 
evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (Level 1 input) or is based on a valuation 
technique that uses observable market data (Level 2 inputs). In cases where the fair value is not determined using 
Level 1 or Level 2 inputs, the difference between the transaction price and fair value is deferred and recognized in 
the consolidated statement of profit and loss only to the extent that it arises from a change in factors that market 
participants would consider in pricing the financial liability.
 Subsequent Measurements
 All financial liabilities of the Group and its associates are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method (EIR). Under the effective interest method, future cash payments are discounted to their 
present value at initial recognition using the effective interest rate. The difference between the initial recognition 
amount and the maturity amount is amortized over the tenure of the financial liability. The amortized cost at each 
reporting date represents the initial recognition amount adjusted for principal repayments and the cumulative 
amortisation of such difference.
 The corresponding amortization under the effective interest method is recognized as interest expense over the 
period of the financial liability and is presented under “Finance Costs” in the consolidated statement of profit and 
loss.
[page 186]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
181
 Derecognition
 A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled, or expires. 
Where an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or 
where the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is accounted 
for as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference 
between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the consideration paid is recognized in the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is presented in the consolidated balance sheet 
when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and there is an intention either to settle 
on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
h)  Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting
 The Group and its associates enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of forward currency contracts 
with external counterparties to hedge foreign currency risks arising from foreign currency denominated financial 
liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Group and its associates formally designate and documents the hedge 
relationship between such forward currency contracts (“Hedging Instruments”) and the recognized financial 
liabilities (“Hedged Items”) at the inception of the hedge relationship, in accordance with its risk management 
objectives and hedging strategy.
 The designated hedge relationship is accounted for in accordance with the principles of fair value hedge accounting 
prescribed under Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”.
 Recognition and Measurement of Fair Value Hedge
 Hedging instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date the derivative contract is entered into and are 
subsequently remeasured at fair value at each reporting date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value 
of the hedging instruments are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Hedging instruments are 
presented as financial assets in the consolidated balance sheet when their fair value at the reporting date is positive 
and as financial liabilities when their fair value at the reporting date is negative.
 Hedged items, being recognised financial liabilities, are initially recognised at fair value on the date of entering 
into the contractual obligation and are subsequently measured at amortized cost. The gain or loss attributable to the 
hedged risk on the hedged items is adjusted to the carrying amount of the hedged items using the effective interest 
method, with the corresponding impact recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
 Derecognition
 On derecognition of the hedged items, any unamortized fair value adjustment relating to the hedging relationship 
that has been adjusted to the carrying amount of the hedged items is recognized in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss.
i)  Fair Value
 The Group and its associates measure financial instruments at fair value in accordance with the accounting 
policies as stated above. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the 
liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or, in the absence of a principal 
market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. All assets and liabilities for which fair 
value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized within a fair value 
hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to 
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to 
unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). The levels of the hierarchy are described as follows:
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the assets or 
liabilities, either directly or indirectly.
[page 187]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
182
 Level 3 - Inputs that are unobservable for the assets or liabilities.
 For assets and liabilities recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group and its associates determine 
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing the categorization at the end 
of each reporting period and discloses such transfers, if any.
j)  Investment in Associates Companies
 The Group has elected to account for its investments in associate companies at cost in accordance with the option 
available under Ind AS 27, “ Separate Financial Statements”. Accordingly, investments in associates are carried 
at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the consideration paid on initial recognition, 
including adjustments for embedded derivatives and estimated contingent consideration (earn-out arrangements), 
where applicable. Contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date, and any changes 
in its fair value are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Where there is an indication of 
impairment, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable 
amount. Upon disposal of investments in associates, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of such investments is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
k) Foreign Currency Transactions
a) Initial Recognition
 Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency (i.e., Indian Rupee ₹) 
at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction (spot rate). Exchange differences arising on 
settlement of monetary items during the reporting period are recognized in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss. However, exchange differences arising on foreign currency borrowings, to the extent that they 
are regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of 
qualifying assets, are capitalised as part of the cost of such assets in accordance with the Indian Accounting 
Standards.
b) Measurement of Foreign Currency Items at Reporting Date
 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are restated at the reporting date using the closing 
exchange rate as notified by the Reserve Bank of India. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are 
translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items measured at fair value 
in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the date on which the fair value is 
determined. Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in 
the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
l)  Taxes on Income
 Tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It represents the aggregate amount included in the determination 
of profit or loss for the reporting period. Tax expense is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and 
loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in consolidated other comprehensive income (OCI) or 
directly in equity, in which case the tax is also recognized in OCI or equity, as applicable.
 Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of taxable profit for the reporting period. Taxable profit 
differs from “Profit Before Tax” as reported in the consolidated statement of profit and loss due to items of income 
or expense that are taxable or deductible in other periods and items that are never taxable or deductible under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. Current tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes adjustments relating to prior periods.
 Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in 
the consolidated financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax is measured using the tax rates 
and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted as at the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are 
generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible 
temporary differences, unused tax losses, and unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits 
will be available against which such deductible temporary differences and losses can be utilized.
 However, deferred tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising from:
 * The initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction (other than a business combination) that, at the time 
of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit and does not give rise to equal taxable and 
deductible temporary differences; and
[page 188]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
183
 * The initial recognition of goodwill (in the case of deferred tax liabilities).
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to 
be utilized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period 
in which the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the consolidated balance sheet date.
 Uncertain Tax Positions
 The Group and its associate’s management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to 
situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and assesses whether it is probable 
that a taxation authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment. The Group and its associates reflect the effect of 
uncertainty for each uncertain tax treatment using either the expected value method (i.e., the sum of probability-
weighted amounts in a range of possible outcomes) or the most likely amount method (i.e., the single most 
likely outcome), depending on which method better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The Group and its 
associates apply consistent judgments and estimates in determining the effects of uncertain tax positions. Where an 
uncertain tax treatment affects both current and deferred tax, the Group and its associates apply the same approach 
consistently to both.
 Presentation
 Current tax and deferred tax are recognized as income or expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss, 
except to the extent that they relate to items recognized in consolidated other comprehensive income (OCI), in 
which case the related tax is also recognized in consolidated OCI. The Group and its associates offset current 
tax assets and current tax liabilities when it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and 
intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current 
tax assets against current tax liabilities, and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied 
by the same taxation authority on the Group and its associates.
m)  Lease
 A lease is classified at the inception date as either a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease that transfers 
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset to the Group and its associates 
is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
 The Group and its associates as a Lessee
a) Operating Lease: Lease payments under operating leases are recognized as an expense in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss on a Straight - Line basis over the lease term, unless another systematic basis is 
more representative of the time pattern in which the economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
b) Finance Lease: Finance leases are recognized at the commencement of the lease at the lower of the fair 
value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability 
to the lessor is recognized in the consolidated balance sheet as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are 
apportioned between finance costs and the reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant periodic 
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance costs are recognized in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss over the lease term unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in 
which case they are capitalized in accordance with the Group and its associate’s borrowing cost policy. 
Contingent rentals are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. Assets acquired 
under finance leases are depreciated over their useful lives. However, where there is no reasonable certainty 
that the Group and its associates will obtain ownership of the asset at the end of the lease term, such assets 
are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives.
 The Group and its associate as a Lessor:
 Lease income from operating leases is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term, unless the lease payments are structured to increase in line with 
expected general inflation, in which case such increases are recognized as incurred. The underlying leased 
assets are presented in the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with their nature.
[page 189]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
184
n)  Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing costs include interest expense, commitment charges on bank borrowings, amortization of ancillary 
costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings, and exchange differences arising from foreign 
currency borrowings to the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs.
 Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction, or production of a qualifying asset 
are capitalized as part of the cost of such asset until it is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. Qualifying 
assets are those assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.
 Where the Group and its associates borrow funds specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the 
borrowing costs incurred on such borrowings are capitalized. Where the Group and its associates use general 
borrowings for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the borrowing costs are capitalized using a capitalization 
rate based on the weighted average cost of general borrowings outstanding during the period.
 Capitalization of borrowing costs commences when expenditures for the asset are incurred, borrowing costs are 
incurred, and activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalization 
ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are 
complete.
 Any income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying 
assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.
 All other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period 
in which they are incurred.
p)  Employee Benefits
 Short - Term Employee Benefits
 Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the related service are classified as short-
term employee benefits. Such benefits are recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related 
service. The Group and its associates recognize the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected 
to be paid in exchange for services rendered as a liability (accrued expense), after deducting any amounts already 
paid.
 Post - Employment Benefits
a) Defined Contribution Plans
 Defined contribution plans include contributions to the Employees’ State Insurance Scheme (ESIC), 
government-administered provident fund schemes, and the superannuation scheme for eligible employees 
who meet the prescribed criteria. The Group and its associate’s contributions to defined contribution plans 
are recognized as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which the 
employees render the related services.
i) Recognition and Measurement of Defined Contribution Plans
 The Group and its associates recognize contributions payable to defined contribution plans as an 
expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which the employees render the 
related services. If the contributions payable for services received from employees up to the reporting 
date exceed the contributions already paid, the shortfall is recognized as a liability after deducting the 
amounts already paid. Conversely, if the contributions already paid exceed the contributions due for 
services received up to the reporting date, the excess is recognized as an asset to the extent that it will 
result in a future reduction in payments or a cash refund.
b) Defined Benefits Plans
i)  Gratuity
 The Group and its associates operate a defined benefit plan for its employees in respect of gratuity. The 
Group and its associates pay gratuity to employees who have completed a minimum of five years of 
continuous service at the time of retirement, resignation, or superannuation. Gratuity is payable at the 
rate of 15 days’ salary for each completed year of service.
[page 190]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
185
 The liability in respect of gratuity is determined using the “Projected Unit Credit Method”  and is 
spread over the period during which the benefits are expected to be derived from employee service. 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, comprising actuarial gains and losses, are 
recognized in consolidated other comprehensive income (OCI) in the period in which they arise and 
are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
ii) Provident Fund Scheme
 Provident fund is a defined contribution plan covering certain eligible employees. The Group and its 
associates and eligible employees make monthly contributions to the provident fund maintained with 
the Regional Provident Fund Commissioners, at a specified percentage of the employees’ basic salary, 
in accordance with the applicable scheme. The Group and its associate’s contributions to the provident 
fund are recognized as an expense in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which 
they become due. The Group and its associates have no further obligation beyond its contributions to 
the fund.
iii) Pension Scheme
 The Group and its associates operate a defined benefit pension plan for certain specified employees, 
which is payable upon the employees satisfying prescribed conditions, as approved by the Board of 
Directors.
iv) Post - Retirement Medical Benefit Plan
 The Group and its associates operate a defined post-retirement medical benefits plan for certain specified 
employees, which is payable upon the employees satisfying prescribed conditions.
v)  Leave Encashment
 Accumulated leave expected to be utilized within the next twelve months is treated as a short-term 
employee benefit for measurement purposes. The Group and its associates measure the expected cost 
of such absences as the additional amount expected to be paid as a result of unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the reporting date. Accumulated leave expected to be carried forward beyond twelve 
months is treated as a long-term employee benefit. Such long-term compensated absences are measured 
based on actuarial valuation using the “Projected Unit Credit Method” at the reporting date. Actuarial 
gains and losses are recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and are not 
deferred.
 Recognition and Measurement of Defined Contribution Plans
 The cost of providing defined benefits is determined using the “Projected Unit Credit Method” , with actuarial 
valuations carried out at each consolidated balance sheet date. The defined benefit obligation recognized in the 
consolidated balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation as reduced by the fair 
value of plan assets, if any. Any resulting net defined benefit asset (i.e., negative defined benefit obligation) is 
recognized to the extent of the present value of available refunds and reductions in future contributions to the plan.
 All expenses comprising current service cost, past service cost (if any), and net interest on the defined benefit 
liability (or asset) are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Remeasurements of the net defined 
benefit liability (or asset), comprising actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts 
included in net interest), are recognized in consolidated other comprehensive income (OCI). Such remeasurements 
are not reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
 Past service cost is recognized immediately to the extent that the benefits are already vested; otherwise, it is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the average period until the amended benefits become vested. The defined 
benefit obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation carried out by an independent actuary, and the related 
liability is presented as current and non-current in the consolidated balance sheet accordingly.
p)  Earnings per Share
 The Group reports Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share (EPS) in accordance with Ind AS 33, “ Earnings per 
Share”. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the consolidated net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders 
of the Group for the period by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period.
[page 191]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
186
 Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the consolidated net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders for the 
period by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the effects of 
all dilutive potential equity shares, except where the effect is anti-dilutive.
 The weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such as bonus 
issues, bonus elements in rights issues, share splits, and reverse share splits (share consolidations) that change the 
number of Equity shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.
q)  Provisions and Contingencies
 The Group and its associates recognize provisions when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a 
result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required 
to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
 Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is applied, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
 A contingent liability is disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, or a present 
obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required or the 
amount of the obligation cannot be measured reliably. Where the possibility of an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits is remote, neither a provision nor a disclosure is made.
 Contingent assets are possible assets arising from past events, whose existence will be confirmed only by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group 
and its associates. Contingent assets are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements until the realization 
of income is virtually certain; however, they are disclosed where an inflow of economic benefits is probable.
 The amount recognized as a provision represents the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation at the reporting date.
r)  Exceptional Items
 Exceptional items are disclosed separately in the consolidated financial statements where it is necessary to provide 
a better understanding of the Group and its associate’s financial performance. These represent material items of 
income or expense that are presented separately due to their nature or incidence.
 Ordinary items of income or expense which, by virtue of their size, nature, or occurrence, require separate disclosure 
to improve the understanding of the Group and its associate’s performance are also presented as exceptional items 
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. (Refer “Note No. 37” of the consolidated financial statements for 
further references).
s)  Event after Reporting Date
 Adjusting events are those events that provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. 
The consolidated financial statements are adjusted for such events before they are authorised for issue. Non-
adjusting events are those that are indicative of conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period. Such 
events are not recognised in the consolidated financial statements; however, they are disclosed if they are material. 
All events occurring after the consolidated balance sheet date and up to the date of approval of the consolidated 
financial statements by the Board of Directors on May 23, 2026, have been considered, and appropriately disclosed 
or adjusted, wherever applicable, in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards.
t)  Cash Flow Statements
 Cash flows statements are reported using the method set out in the Ind AS - 7, “Cash Flow Statements”  and is 
prepared by using indirect method adjusting the consolidated net profit / (losses) before tax excluding exceptional 
items for the effect of:
[page 192]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
187
i)  Changes during the period in inventories and other operating receivables and payables;
ii)  Non-cash items such as depreciation, provisions, unrealized foreign currency gain / (losses); and
iii)  all other items for which the cash effects are investing and financing cash flows.
 The cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities of the Group are segregated. The cash and cash 
equivalents (including balances with banks), shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows exclude items, 
which are not available for general use as at the date of consolidated balance sheet.
u)  Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash-in-hand, cheques-in-hand, balances with banks, and demand deposits with 
an original maturity of three months or less, as well as other short-term highly liquid investments. Bank overdrafts, 
which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are included as a 
component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.
v)  Commitments
 Commitments are the future liabilities for contractual expenditure, classified and disclosed as follows:
i)  estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for;
ii)  other non-cancellable commitment, if any, to the extent they are considered material and relevant in the 
opinion of the Group and its associate’s management.
 Other commitments related to sales / procurements made in the normal course of business are not disclosed 
to avoid the excessive details.
1.6  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT
 The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notifies new standards or amendments to existing standards under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules from time to time. For the financial year ended March 31, 2026, MCA 
has notified the following amendments on August 2025;
a)  Ind AS - 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025
 The amendments relate to the classification of liabilities as current or non-current and non-current liabilities with 
covenants. In the context of classifying a liability as current or non-current, the amendments clarify that the right 
to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date must exist at the reporting date 
and should have substantive rights. The amendments also introduce additional guidance for the classification of 
liabilities subject to covenants. The Group and its associates have evaluated the impact of these amendments and 
concluded that they do not have any impact on its classification of current and non-current liabilities.
b)  Ind AS - 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS - 107 Financial Instruments - Disclosures, applicable w.e.f. 
April 1, 2025
 The amendments to Ind AS 7 require entities to provide disclosures regarding supplier finance arrangements, 
including the nature of such arrangements, the carrying amount of related liabilities, and the range of payment 
due dates. Consequential amendments to Ind AS 107 introduce supplier finance arrangements as a factor that may 
give rise to concentration of liquidity risk. The Group and its associates have evaluated the applicability of these 
amendments and concluded that they do not have any material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
c)  Ind AS - 12 – International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules apply immediately
 The amendments provide a temporary mandatory relief from accounting for deferred taxes arising from the 
implementation of the Pillar Two Rules and require entities to disclose the application of such relief. The said relief 
is applicable immediately and retrospectively. Based on the Group and its associate’s evaluation, the application of 
the Pillar Two Rules does not have any material financial impact on its consolidated financial statements.
[page 193]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
188
1.7 KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
 The preparation of the Group consolidated financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires management to 
make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses, including contingent liabilities, as well as the accompanying disclosures. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that may require a material adjustment to 
the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities in future periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates 
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on a periodic basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the 
period in which they are revised and in any future periods affected. The key assumptions concerning the future and other 
key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment 
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below:
a) Income Tax: The Group and its associate’s tax jurisdiction is India. Significant judgments are involved in estimating 
budgeted profits for the purpose of payment of advance tax and in determining income tax provisions, including 
the amounts expected to be paid or recovered in respect of uncertain tax positions (Refer “Note No. 20”).
b) Property, Plants and Equipment: Property, Plants and Equipment represent a significant portion of the Group 
and its associate’s asset base. The charge for depreciation is determined based on an estimate of the asset’s 
expected useful life and residual value at the end of its useful life. The useful lives and residual values of assets are 
determined by the Group and its associate’s management at the time of acquisition and are reviewed periodically, 
including at each financial year end. The useful lives are based on those prescribed under Schedule - II to the 
Companies Act, 2013, or on technical estimates, considering the nature of the assets, expected usage, estimated 
residual values, and operating conditions. These estimates are based on historical experience with similar assets as 
well as expectations of future events that may impact useful life, such as technological or commercial obsolescence 
arising from changes or improvements in production processes or changes in market demand for the products or 
services generated by the assets.
c) Fair Value measurements of Financial Instruments : When the fair values of financial assets and financial 
liabilities recognised in the consolidated balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, 
they are determined using valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow model, which involve various 
judgments and assumptions. Where possible, inputs to these valuation models are derived from observable market 
data. Where observable inputs are not available, management is required to exercise judgment in determining fair 
value. Such judgments include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk, and volatility. Changes 
in assumptions relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of financial instruments.
d) Provisions and Contingent Liabilities : The Group and its associate’s management estimates provisions where 
there is a present obligation as a result of past events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required 
to settle the obligation. Such provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and are adjusted to 
reflect the current best estimates. The Group and its associates apply significant judgement in assessing contingent 
liabilities. Contingent liabilities are disclosed where there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the 
existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future 
events not wholly within the control of the Group and its associates, or where there is a present obligation that is 
not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required or the amount cannot be 
reliably measured. Contingent assets are neither recognised nor disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.
e) Impairment of Financial and Non - Financial Assets : The impairment provision for financial assets is based 
on assumptions regarding the risk of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group and its associates apply 
judgment in making these assumptions and in selecting inputs to the impairment calculations, based on its historical 
experience, prevailing market conditions, and forward-looking estimates at the end of the reporting period. In 
respect of non-financial assets, the Group and its associates estimate the recoverable amount, which is the higher of 
an asset’s (or cash-generating unit’s) fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. In assessing value-in-use, 
estimated future cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of 
the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent 
market transactions are considered. Where such transactions cannot be identified, an appropriate valuation model 
is used.
[page 194]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
189
f) Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities: Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in respect 
of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses or unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. The Group and its associates apply judgment 
in determining the amount of deferred tax that can be recognized, based on the expected timing and level of future 
taxable profits and anticipated business developments.
g) Amortization of Leasehold Land : The Group and its associate’s lease assets primarily consist of lease for 
industrial land. The lease premium is the fair value of land paid by the Group and its associates to the respective 
authorities at the time of acquisition and there is no liability at the end of the lease term. The lease premium paid 
by the Group and its associates have been amortized over the lease period on systematic basis and the same has 
been classified under Ind AS - 16, “Property, Plants and Equipment” and therefore, the requirements of both the 
Ind AS - 116 and Ind AS - 17, as to the period over which, and the manner in which, the right of use assets (under 
Ind AS - 116) or the assets arising from the finance lease (under Ind AS - 17) amortized as similar.
h) Recoverability of Trade Receivables : Judgment and estimates are involved in assessing the recoverability of 
overdue trade receivables and determining the requirement for provision against such receivables. The assessment 
requires management to evaluate various factors, including the creditworthiness of customers, historical collection 
trends, current market conditions, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, and any actions that may 
be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences 
may impact the amount of provision recognized in future reporting periods.
i) Defined Benefits Obligations : The costs of providing gratuity and other post-employment benefits are charged 
to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in accordance with Ind AS 19, “Employee Benefits”, over the 
period during which the benefits are derived from employees’ services. These obligations are determined based 
on actuarial valuations and are measured using assumptions selected by the Group’s management. The actuarial 
valuation involves the use of estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual future outcomes. Significant 
assumptions include salary escalation rates, discount rates, expected return on plan assets and mortality rates. The 
related disclosures are provided in “Note No. 45 – Employee Benefits” . Due to the complexities involved in the 
valuation and the long-term nature of these obligations, the defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. Accordingly, management reviews and updates these assumptions at each consolidated 
balance sheet date based on current market conditions and actuarial advice.
[page 195]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
190
2) Property, Plants and Equipment
S. 
No. Particulars
Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying Value
Cost                              
As At               
01.04.2025
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost                              
As At                
31.03.2026
Depreciation 
Upto    
01.04.2025
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation                   
As At             
31.03.2026
As At   
31.03.2026
As At   
31.03.2025
A Land
Freehold Land  626.24  307.01  -    933.25  -    -    -    -    933.25  626.24 
Leasehold Land  751.52  616.62  -    1,368.14  37.35  10.70  -    48.05  1,320.09  714.17 
B Building
Factory Building  8,134.36  1,253.27  383.41  9,004.22  1,155.81  258.39  65.45  1,348.75  7,655.47  6,978.55 
Non - Factory Building  443.54  -    -    443.54  40.12  7.50  -    47.62  395.92  403.42 
C Furniture and Fixtures
Furniture and Fixtures  233.01  19.36  -    252.37  87.83  23.25  -    111.08  141.29  145.18 
D Plant and Equipments
Plant and Machineries  13,777.99  1,948.13  175.43  15,550.69  1,733.40  603.32  42.05  2,294.68  13,256.01  12,044.59 
Electrical Installations  1,503.46  70.84  11.73  1,562.57  592.69  151.61  6.06  738.23  824.34  910.78 
Office Equipments  373.63  49.79  1.47  421.96  93.96  36.66  0.75  129.88  292.08  279.67 
Lab Equipment  -    0.59  -    0.59  -    0.05  -    0.05  0.54  -   
Tools and Equipments  -    0.59  -    0.59  -    0.05  -    0.05  0.54  -   
E Motor Vehicles
Motor Vehicles  165.03  50.87  23.72  192.17  37.49  24.29  21.18  40.59  151.58  127.54 
F Computers and Peripherals
Computer and Peripherals  56.52  39.56  -    96.08  37.98  10.89  -    48.87  47.21  18.54 
Total…(`)  26,066.99  4,356.12  595.77  29,827.35  3,816.63  1,126.78  135.49  4,807.92  25,019.43  22,250.36 
S. 
No. Particulars
Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying Value
Cost                              
As At               
01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost                              
As At                
31.03.2025
Depreciation 
Upto    
01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation                   
As At             
31.03.2025
As At   
31.03.2025
As At   
31.03.2024
A Land
Freehold Land  604.45  21.79  -    626.24  -    -    -    -    626.24  604.45 
Leasehold Land  547.36  204.16  -    751.52  31.40  5.94  -    37.35  714.17  515.96 
B Building
Factory Building  7,166.59  967.77  -    8,134.36  911.38  244.42  -    1,155.81  6,978.55  6,255.20 
Non - Factory Building  443.54  -    -    443.54  32.62  7.50  -    40.12  403.42  410.92 
C Furniture and Fixtures
Furniture and Fixtures  212.08  20.93  -    233.01  66.62  21.22  -    87.83  145.18  145.46 
D Plant and Equipments
Plant and Machineries  10,421.47  3,379.63  23.11  13,777.99  1,242.34  493.39  2.33  1,733.40  12,044.59  9,179.13 
Electrical Installations  1,337.35  166.12  -    1,503.46  448.33  144.36  -    592.69  910.78  889.02 
Office Equipments  210.23  164.38  0.98  373.63  68.65  25.31  -    93.96  279.67  141.58 
Tools and Equipment  -    1.69  -    1.69  -    0.01  -    0.01  1.68  -   
E Motor Vehicles
Motor Vehicles  115.42  49.61  -    165.03  21.12  16.37  -    37.49  127.54  94.30 
F Computers and Peripherals
Computer and Peripherals  47.74  9.28  0.50  56.52  32.98  5.06  0.06  37.98  18.54  14.76 
Total…(`)  21,106.22  4,985.36  24.59  26,066.99  2,855.45  963.58  2.39  3,816.63  22,250.36  18,250.78 
[page 196]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
191
1)  The gross carrying amount and accumulated depreciation have been regrouped and netted off in accordance with the deemed cost exemption availed by the Group  
under Ind AS, with effect from April 1, 2018, being the Parent's date of transition to Ind AS.
2)  The title deeds of all immovable properties disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are held in the name of the Group as at the reporting date.
3)  The amount of contractual commitments, if any, towards the acquisition or construction of Property, Plants and Equipment is disclosed under “Note No. 52.
3) Other Intangible Assets
S. 
No. Particulars
Gross Carrying Value Amortization Net Carrying Value
Cost                              
As At               
01.04.2025
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost                              
As At                
31.03.2026
Depreciation 
Upto    
01.04.2025
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation                   
As At             
31.03.2026
As At   
31.03.2026
As At   
31.03.2025
A Software
Computer Software  141.95  3.74  -    145.69  134.86  7.47  -    142.32  3.37  7.10 
Total…(`)  141.95  3.74  -    145.69  134.86  7.47  -    142.32  3.37  7.10 
S. 
No. Particulars
Gross Carrying Value Amortization Net Carrying Value
Cost                              
As At               
01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Cost                              
As At                
31.03.2025
Depreciation 
Upto    
01.04.2024
Addition                    
during made    
the period
Deduction / 
Adjustment
Depreciation                   
As At             
31.03.2025
As At   
31.03.2025
As At   
31.03.2024
A Software
Computer Software  141.95  -    -    141.95  127.89  6.97  -    134.86  7.10  14.07 
Total…(`)  141.95  -    -    141.95  127.89  6.97  -    134.86  7.10  14.07 
1) Gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization have been regrouped and netted in line with deemed cost exemption opted out by the Parent as per Ind AS, 
with effect from April 01, 2018 i.e. date of transition to Ind AS for the Parent.
2) The amount of Contractual Commitments for the purpose of acquisition or constructions of the Other Intangible Assets are disclosed under "Note No. 50", if any.
[page 197]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
192
4. Capital Work-in-Progress *  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Capital Work-in-Progress
For Electrical Installations  173.52  100.60 
For Factory Building  1,847.65  1,340.80 
For Furniture and Fixtures  22.74  -   
For Plant and Machineries  1,547.61  1,327.92 
For Other Property, Plants and Equipment 30.33 14.75
Pre - Operative Expenditures 210.64 56.59
Total…(`)  3,832.49  2,840.66 
* Refer “Note No. 40” for ageing analysis of Capital Work-in-Progress.
5. Non - Current Investments ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investment in Equity Instruments
Unquoted Equity Shares, Fully Paid Up
{Measured at Costs (Referred at "Note No. 1.5.j")}
Fully Paid up with Face Value of ` 10 each unless otherwise specified
9,98,260 (Prev Year 9,98,260) Equity Share of Star Circlips and Engineering Limited  4,764.68  4,200.29 
70,22,600 (Prev Year 70,22,600) Equity Share of Toyal MMP India Private Limited  645.98  567.52 
Total…(`)  5,410.66  4,767.81 
5.1 Classification of Investments ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Equity Instruments
Quoted, Fully Paid Up
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Cost  -    -   
Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments - At Market Value  -    -   
Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments  5,410.66  4,767.81 
Aggregate Amount of Impairment in Value of Investments  -    -   
5.2 Category Wise Classification of Investments ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investments in Equity Instruments
Financial Assets measured at Amortized Costs  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at Costs  5,410.66  4,767.81 
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through OCI  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss  -    -   
6 Loans (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Loans to Related Parties  -    -   
Loans to Employees*  20.97  17.55 
Loans to Other Parties  -    -   
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances**  -    -   
Total…(`)  20.97  17.55 
[page 198]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
193
6.1 Category Wise Classification of Loans (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Secured, Considered Good  -    -   
Unsecured, Considered Good  20.97  17.55 
Loans which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -    -   
Loans receivable - Credit impaired  -    -   
Total…(`)  20.97  17.55 
* No amount of loans are due from directors or other officers of the Group, either severally or jointly with any other person, 
nor from firms, private companies, or other entities in which any director is a partner, director, or member as at the reporting 
date
** Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk
7 Other Non - Current Financial Assets (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Security Deposits  38.92  32.21 
Term Deposits held as Margin Money against Bank Guarantee and Other Commitments*  113.16  106.39 
Total…(`) (A)  152.08  138.61 
Other Receivables  703.86  700.86 
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances***  283.19  229.93 
Total…(`) (B)  420.66  470.92 
Total…(`) (A + B)  572.74  609.53 
* The term deposits held by the Parent with Federal Bank Limited comprise time deposits with varying maturities ranging 
from one year to two years and carry interest at the respective applicable deposit rates. These deposits are held under lien / 
pledge with the bank as cash collateral security against borrowings availed by the Parent, amounting to ₹ 2,000.00 Lakhs (Prev 
Year ₹ 2,000.00 Lakhs). 
** Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk.
8 Other Non - Current Assets (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Capital Advances*  988.88  325.02 
Advances other than Capital Advances  -    -   
Income Tax Refund Receivables  101.76  3.28 
Total…(`)  1,090.64  328.30 
* No amounts of capital advances are due from directors or other officers of the Group, either severally or jointly with any 
other person, nor from firms, private companies, or other entities in which any director is a partner, director, or member as at 
the reporting date.
9  Current Tax Assets (Net)  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Actual Income Tax (Net)
Advance Income Tax (Net of Provision for Income Tax)  0.22  78.66 
Total…(`)  0.22  78.66 
The tax rate used in the above reconciliation is the corporate income tax rate of 25.168% (Prev Year 25.168%), being the rate 
applicable to the Group’s corporate entities on taxable profits under the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961.
[page 199]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
194
10. Inventories* (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Inventories**
(Valued at lower of Cost and Net Realizable Value)
Finished Goods  2,982.61  3,711.73 
Packing Materials  141.85  183.40 
Raw Material  5,497.36  3,205.03 
Stores, Spares and Consumables  458.19  459.58 
Trading Stocks  0.78  2.40 
Work-in-Progress  6,729.12  5,927.18 
Total…(`)  15,809.91  13,489.31 
* Cost of inventories recognized as an expense during the reporting period is disclosed in "Note No. 32".
** The cost of inventories recognized as an expense includes ₹ NIL (Prev Year ₹ NIL) in respect of write-down of inventories 
to their net realizable value. There has been no reversal of such write-down during the current and previous reporting periods.
11. Trade Receivables*  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Unsecured**
Considered Good  8,922.19  8,968.97 
Considered Doubtful  26.36  30.24 
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances*  63.56  47.87 
Total…(`)  8,884.99  8,951.34 
* Refer "Note No. 39B" for the Information of credit risk and market risk for Trade Receivables.
** Refer "Note No. 41" for aging analysis of Trade Receivables.
No trade receivables are due from directors or other officers of the companies included in the Group, either severally or 
jointly with any other person, nor from firms, private companies, or other entities in which any director is a partner, director, 
or member, except for receivables amounting to ₹ 03.45 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 43.77 Lakhs) due from the associate companies. 
(Refer “Note No. 46” for further details).
12. Cash and Cash Equivalents (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
A) Cash and Cash Equivalents*
Balances with Banks
In Current Account  193.51  1,090.00 
Cash-in-Hand  3.02  5.22 
Total…(`)(A)  196.52  1,095.22 
B) Other Balances with Banks
Unpaid Dividend  4.29  2.88 
Term Deposits with the original maturity of less than three months  -    -   
Total…(`)(B)  4.29  2.88 
Total…(`)(A + B)  200.81  1,098.10 
* There are no restrictions on the utilization of cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the current and previous reporting 
periods.
** The Parent can utilize these balances only for the purpose of settlement of unclaimed dividend / unpaid dividend amounts. 
Accordingly, such balances are not available for use in the normal course of business operations or for any other corporate 
purposes. 
13. Loans*  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Loans to Employees  25.00  16.48 
Loans to Other Parties  -    -   
Less: Allowances for Unsecured Doubtful Debts & Advances  -    -   
Total…(`)  25.00  16.48 
[page 200]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
195
13.1 Category Wise Classification of Loans (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Loans
Secured, Considered Good  -    -   
Unsecured, Considered Good  25.00  16.48 
Loans which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -    -   
Loans receivable - Credit impaired  -    -   
Total…(`)  25.00  16.48 
* No amounts of loans and advances are due from directors or other officers of the companies included in the Group, either 
severally or jointly with any other person, nor from firms, private companies or other entities in which any director is a partner, 
director or member.
** Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk
14 Other Current Financial Assets (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Interest Receivables  2.29  2.48 
Insurance Claim Receivables*  793.05  -   
Rent Receivables  5.57  6.21 
Term Deposits held as Margin Money with Banks against Bank Guarantee and 
Commission**
 129.08  93.98 
Total…(`)  929.99  102.67 
* The amount represents the insurance claim receivable by the Parent in respect of the fire incident that occurred at the Umred 
Plant on April 11, 2026, which resulted in loss and damage to certain assets and inventories of the Parent. The claim amount 
has been recognized based on the final claim bill submitted to the insurance company and represents the amount considered 
recoverable by the Parent's management as at the reporting date. (Refer "Note No. 55" for further details).  
** The term deposits held by the Parent with banks and financial institutions comprise time deposits with varying maturities 
of less than one year and carry interest at the respective applicable deposit rates. These deposits are held under lien / pledged 
with the respective banks and financial institutions as security against bank guarantees issued on behalf of the Parent in favour 
of Government authorities and other institutions, amounting to ₹ 445.72 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 413.13 Lakhs).
15 Other Current Assets*    (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Advances to Vendor's  256.39  134.36 
Advances to Others  14.30  -   
Employee Advances  2.70  1.62 
Balances with the Revenue Authorities  377.37  154.01 
Other Receivables  41.67  55.15 
 Total…(`)  692.43  345.13 
* No amounts of advances and receivables are due from directors or other officers of the companies included in the Group, 
either severally or jointly with any other person, nor from firms, private companies or other entities in which any director is 
a partner, director or member.
16 Equity Share Capital   (Amount ` in Lakhs, except number of share data)
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025
 Nos. `  Nos. `
Authorized
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each  26,000,000  2,600.00  26,000,000  2,600.00 
 26,000,000  2,600.00  26,000,000  2,600.00 
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid Up
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each  25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
Total…(`)  25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
[page 201]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
196
a)  Reconciliation of the equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
Particulars
 31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
 Nos.  `  Nos.  `
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the 
reporting period…(`)
 25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
Shares issued during the reporting period  -    -    -    -   
Shares bought Back during the reporting period  -    -    -    -   
Shares outstanding at the end of the reporting 
period…(`)
 25,402,613  2,540.26  25,402,613  2,540.26 
b) Terms / Rights attached to Equity Shares
i)  The Parent has only one class of shares - referred to as - equity shares having a face value of ` 10 per share. Each 
holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
ii)  As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, in the event of liquidation of the Group, the holders of equity 
shares would be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Group after settlement of all outstanding liabilities 
and distribution of preferential amounts, if any. As at the reporting date, there are no such preferential amounts 
outstanding. The distribution of the remaining assets among the equity shareholders would be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by them.
iii)  The Parent declares and pays dividends in Indian Rupees (₹). Dividend payments to shareholders residing outside 
India are made in the respective foreign currencies in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. The final 
dividend, if any, recommended by the Board of Directors is subject to approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (AGM), whereas interim dividends, if any, are declared by the Board of Directors. 
   
c) Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Parent*  
Name of Shareholders
 31.03.2026  31.03.2025
No. of Shares 
held
% of Holding No. of Shares 
held
% of Holding
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each Fully Paid Up
Shri Arun Bhandari  6,959,461 27.40%  6,959,461 27.40%
Master Vivaan Bhandari (Minor)  1,459,089 5.74%  1,459,089 5.74%
Mayank Fastners Private Limited  4,784,341 18.83%  4,784,341 18.83%
Smt. Saroj Bhandari  3,255,507 12.81%  3,255,507 12.81%
Total Nos. of Shares Held  16,458,398 64.78%  16,458,398 64.78%
* As per the records of the Parent, including the Register of Members, the above information has been verified and certified 
by the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Parent.
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2026, recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two Only) per 
equity share having a face value of ₹ 10 each, being 20% of the face value of the equity shares, aggregating to ₹ 508.05 Lakhs, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Accordingly, the same has not 
been recognized as a liability as at March 31, 2026, in accordance with the applicable Indian accounting standards. The Board 
of Directors did not declare any interim dividend during the reporting period. (Refer “Note No. 54” for further reference).
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2025, had recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two Only) 
per equity share having a face value of ₹ 10 each for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The said proposal was approved 
by the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 8, 2025, resulting in a cash outflow of 
₹ 508.05 Lakhs during the reporting period (Refer "Note No. 54" for further details).
[page 202]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
197
d) Shares held by the promotors as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 at the end of period  
Name of Promotors  31.03.2026  31.03.2025
No. of Shares 
held
Percentage of 
Holding
No. of Shares 
held
Percentage of 
Holding
Equity Shares of ` 10 Each Fully Paid Up
Master Vivaan Bhandari (Minor)  1,459,089 5.74%  1,459,089 5.74%
Mayank Fastners Private Limited  4,784,341 18.83%  4,784,341 18.83%
Ms. Rohini Bhandari  224,325 0.88%  224,325 0.88%
Rohini Farms and Agriculture Private Limited  123,750 0.49%  123,750 0.49%
Shri Arun Bhandari  6,959,461 27.40%  6,959,461 27.40%
Shri Mayank Bhandari  565,438 2.23%  565,438 2.23%
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari  390,600 1.54%  390,600 1.54%
Smt. Saroj Bhandari  3,255,507 12.81%  3,255,507 12.81%
Star Circlips and Engineerings Limited  1,158,268 4.56%  1,158,268 4.56%
Total Nos. of Shares  18,920,779 74.48%  18,920,779 74.48%
17 Other Equity   (` in Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI
Total                
O t h e r                       
EquityCapital           
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained           
Earning
Cash Flow 
Hedge    
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Share of 
OCI in 
Associates
Balance as at April 01, 2024 (A)  40.32  6,789.49 19,275.66  -    -    2.06  251.42 26,358.94 
Addition made during the reporting 
period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the reporting 
period
 -    -    3,887.55  -    -    -    -    3,887.55 
Adjustment made during the reporting 
period
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of Profit 
and Loss
 -    -    (15.90)  -    -    10.81  -    (5.10)
Items of the Other Comprehensive 
Income for the period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined 
benefits plan (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    (23.84)  -    (23.84)
Net fair value gain on investments in 
equity instruments through OCI (Net)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total Comprehensive Income for 
the year 2024 - 2025 (B)  -    -    3,871.64  -    -    (13.03)  (32.57)  3,826.04 
Reduction made during the 
reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note No. 54")  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    -    381.04 
Total reductions made during the 
reporting period (C)  -    -    381.04  -    -    -    -    381.04 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 (D) = 
(A + B - C)  40.32  6,789.49 22,766.26  -    -    (10.98)  218.84 29,803.94 
[page 203]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
198
Reserves and Surplus Item of OCI Total                
O t h e r                       
EquityCapital           
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained           
Earning
Cash Flow 
Hedge    
Reserves
Equity 
Instruments 
through OCI
Remeasurement 
of Defined 
Benefits Plan
Share of 
OCI in 
Associates
Balance as at April 01, 2025 (A)  40.32  6,789.49 22,766.26  -    -    (10.98)  218.84 29,803.94 
Addition made during the reporting 
period
Net Profit / (Loss) during the reporting 
period  -    -    3,100.93  -    -    -    -    3,100.93 
Adjustment made during the reporting 
period  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Transferred from Statement of Profit 
and Loss  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Items of the Other Comprehensive 
Income for the period (Net of taxes)
Remeasurement benefit of defined 
benefits plan (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    (110.76)  -    (110.76)
Net fair value gain on investments in 
equity instruments through OCI (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Share of Other Comprehensive 
Income of Associates (Net)  -    -    -    -    -    -    (167.96)  (167.96)
Total Comprehensive Income for 
the year 2025 - 2026 (B)  -    -    3,100.93  (7.57)  -  (110.76)  (167.96)  2,814.64 
Reduction made during the 
reporting period
Final Dividend (Refer "Note No. 54")  -    -    508.05  -    -    -    -    508.05 
Total reductions made during the 
reporting period (C)  -    -    508.05  -    -    -    -    508.05 
Balance as at March 31, 2024 (D) = 
(A + B - C)  40.32  6,789.49 25,359.14  (7.57)  -  (121.74)  50.89 32,110.52 
Description of Nature and Purpose of the Reserves
a) Capital Reserve: Capital Reserve represents the capital incentive received from the Sales Tax Department for setting up 
manufacturing plants in the State of Maharashtra. The incentive has been granted subject to compliance with specified 
terms and conditions prescribed by the relevant authorities, and any non-compliance with such conditions may result in 
withdrawal or forfeiture of the incentive.
b) Securities Premium: Securities Premium represents the premium received on the issue of equity shares by the Parent. 
The balance in this account is utilized in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
c) Remeasurement of Defined Benefits Plan:  This reserve represents the cumulative actuarial gains and losses arising 
from the remeasurement of defined benefit obligations in accordance with Ind AS 19 - "Employee Benefits", which have 
been recognized in Other Comprehensive Income and are not subsequently reclassified to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
d) Equity Instruments through Other Comprehensive Income: Thiis reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses 
arising from changes in the fair value of equity instruments designated under the irrevocable option to be measured at 
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) in accordance with applicable Indian accounting standards. 
Upon derecognition / disposal of such investments, the cumulative gains or losses are transferred within equity to 
retained earnings and are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
e) Cash Flow Hedge Reserves: This reserve represents the effective portion of cumulative gains and losses arising on 
hedging instruments designated in cash flow hedge relationships. The amounts recognized in this reserve are reclassified 
to the Statement of Profit and Loss or included in the carrying amount of the related non-financial asset or liability, 
as appropriate, when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss or results in recognition of a non-financial asset or 
liability.
e) Retained Earnings: Retained Earnings represent the cumulative profits earned by the Group, net of accumulated losses, 
appropriations, and distributions such as dividends, which remain undistributed as at the reporting date.
[page 204]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
199
f) Shares of Other Comprehensive Income of Associates:  This reserve represents the Group’s share of items of other 
comprehensive income recognized by its associates, accounted for using the equity method in accordance with Ind AS 
28, "Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures". The reserve comprises the Group’s proportionate share of changes in 
the associates’ other comprehensive income that are not recognized in profit or loss, such as remeasurements of defined 
benefit plans, changes in the fair value of financial instruments designated through other comprehensive income, foreign 
currency translation differences, and other items recognized directly in equity through other comprehensive income. 
The balance in this reserve is adjusted periodically to reflect the Group’s share of movements in the associates’ other 
comprehensive income.
18 Borrowings (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Non - Current
Secured
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Indian Rupee Loans  4,287.62  3,183.91 
Foreign Currency Loans  -    -   
Total…(`)(A)  4,287.62  3,183.91 
Unsecured Term Loans
From Related Parties  30.00  30.00 
From Other Body Corporates  -    -   
Total…(`)(B)  30.00  30.00 
Total…(`)(A + B)  4,317.62  3,213.91 
Nature of Securities and Terms of Repayments
a) Term loans availed from Axis Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge over the present and future Property, 
Plants and Equipment of the Parent. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage over 
the factory land and building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, held 
in the name of the Parent. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and building 
situated at Survey No. 1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held in the 
name of the Parent, and by mortgage of Plot Nos. B-28 and B-28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra and 
Mahindra, Hingna Road, Nagpur, Maharashtra - 440016, held in the name of the Parent. These credit facilities are 
additionally secured by irrevocable personal guarantees provided by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the 
Parent.
b)  The COVID term loan availed from Axis Bank Limited was obtained to address the liquidity mismatch arising due to 
the COVID -19 pandemic. The loan is repayable in equated monthly instalments of ₹ 18.17 Lakhs commencing from 
March 2024, and is repayable in full on or before March 2027.
c)  The term loan availed from Axis Bank Limited was obtained for the construction of the factory building and procurement 
of Plants and Equipment, including solar power equipment, at the Parent’s existing plant located at Umred, Nagpur. The 
loan is repayable in equated quarterly instalments of ₹ 33.33 Lakhs commencing from February 2026, and is repayable 
in full on or before January 2031. The said term loan is secured by way of an equitable mortgage over the factory land 
and building situated at Plot No. D15/2 and D16, Umred, Nagpur, held in the name of the Parent.
d)  Term loans availed from Citi Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge over the present and future Property, 
Plants and Equipment of the Parent. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage over 
the factory land and building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, held 
in the name of the Parent. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and building 
situated at Survey No. 1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held in the 
name of the Parent, and by mortgage of Plot Nos. B - 28 and B - 28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra and 
Mahindra, Hingna Road, Nagpur, Maharashtra - 440016, held in the name of the Parent. The said facilities are further 
secured by a demand promissory note amounting to ₹ 2,500 Lakhs and irrevocable personal guarantees provided by 
Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the Parent.
e)  The term loan availed from Citi Bank Limited was obtained for the purpose of setting up a solar power plant at the 
Parent’s existing plant situated at Shahpur, Bhandara. The loan is repayable in equated quarterly instalments of ₹ 60.00 
Lakhs commencing from March 2025, and is repayable in full on or before March 2028.
[page 205]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
200
f)  The term loan from HD FC Bank Limited is secured by a pari-passu charge over the MMP Electricals Private Limited 
(Wholly Owned Subsidiary of MMP Industries Limited) present and future Property, Plants and Equipment, inventories, 
book debts, receivables, and other current assets, both existing and future. Further, the credit facilities are additionally 
secured by way of equitable / registered mortgage of the land and building situated at Plot No. A-27, MIDC Industrial 
Area, Belgaon, District Umred, held in the name of the MEPL. The aforesaid credit facilities are further secured by 
way of equitable / registered mortgage of the commercial property situated at Block Nos. 210, 211 and 212, Plot No. 
345, Shri Mohini Complex, Kingsway, near Kasturchand Park, Nagpur, held in the name of Mayank Fasteners Private 
Limited.
g)  The credit facilities of MEPL are further secured by an irrevocable corporate guarantee provided by MMP Industries 
Limited, the Parent of MMP Electricals Private Limited (“the Borrower”).
h)  The MEPL has availed a term loan facility of ₹ 2,800.00 Lakhs from HDFC Bank Limited for the purpose of construction 
of factory building and acquisition of plants and machinery at its proposed manufacturing facility located at Umred. 
The loan is repayable in monthly instalments commencing from January 2026, and is scheduled to be fully repaid on or 
before March 2032. As at the balance sheet date, the MEPL has availed ₹ 2,348.98 Lakhs out of the sanctioned facilities. 
Repayment of the amount so availed has commenced through equated quarterly instalments of ₹ 31.34 Lakhs each in 
accordance with the terms of sanction.
i)  The term loan from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited is secured by a pari-passu charge over the MMP Cables Private 
Limited wholly owned subsidiary of MMP Industries Limited present and future Property, Plants and Equipment, 
together with all inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets, both present and future. Further, the credit 
facilities are additionally secured by an equitable / registered mortgage over the land and building situated at Plot No. 
B - 14/22, MIDC Industrial Area, Belgaon, District Umred, held in the name of the MCPL.
j)  The credit facilities of MCPL are further secured by an irrevocable corporate guarantee provided by MMP Industries 
Limited, the Parent of MMP Cables Private Limited (“the Borrower”).
k)  The MCPL has obtained a term loan of ₹ 3,188.00 Lakhs from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited for the purpose of 
construction of the factory building and procurement of plants and machinery at its proposed manufacturing facility 
located at Umred. The loan is repayable in equated quarterly instalments commencing from March 2027, and is scheduled 
to be fully repaid on or before March 2033. As at the balance sheet date, the MCPL has availed ₹ 512.70 Lakhs out of 
the total sanctioned facility. The repayment of the said term loan shall be made through equated quarterly instalments of 
₹ 57.47 Lakhs each.
l)  The said facilities with MEPL and MCPL are further secured an irrevocable personal guarantees provided by Shri Arun 
Bhandari and Shri Mayank Bhandari, Directors of the Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company.
m)  Term loans obtained from related parties are unsecured in nature and are repayable on demand.
19 Long - Term Financial Liabilities ( ` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Retention Money relating to Capital Expenditures**  76.21  58.39 
Retention Money relating to Employees  7.64  2.23 
Retention Money relating to Vendor's  0.40  -   
Total…(`)  84.25  60.63 
** Retention money amounts withheld by the Group from payments due to vendors and contractors in accordance with the 
terms of respective agreements. Such amounts are generally payable upon satisfactory completion of contractual obligations 
and expiry of the defect liability period, wherever applicable 
[page 206]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
201
20 Income Taxes
A The major components of income tax expenses during the year are as under: (` in Lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
i) Income tax recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax
In respect of current year  715.11  737.88 
Adjustment in respect of previous year  0.57  1.54 
Deferred Tax
In respect of current year  189.64  484.20 
Income tax expenses recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss  905.32  1,223.62 
ii) Income tax recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax
On account of remeasurement of defined benefit plans  (37.25)  (2.92)
On account of net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments  -    -   
On account of cash flow hedge reserves  (2.55)  -   
On account of defined benefit plans (adjusted in Other Equity)  -    (5.10)
Income tax expenses recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income  (39.80)  (8.02)
B Reconciliation of Tax Expenses and the Accounting Profit for the year is as under: (` in Lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
1 Net Profit / (Loss) Before Tax  3,185.46  4,497.49 
2 Income tax rate 25.168% 25.168%
3 Income tax expenses calculated on above  801.72  1,131.93 
4 Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  111.79  19.44 
5 Tax effect on difference in carrying value and tax base of land  -    85.36 
6 Others  (8.76)  (14.64)
7 Total  904.75  1,222.08 
8 Adjustment in respect of current income tax of previous year  0.57  1.54 
9 Tax expenses as per Statement of Profit and Loss  905.32  1,223.62 
The tax rate used for the above reconciliation represents the corporate tax rate of 25.168% (Prev Year 25.168%), being the rate 
applicable to the companies included in the Group on taxable profits in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Income 
Tax laws.
[page 207]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
202
C The major components of Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets) arising on account of timing differences as follows: 
As At March 31, 2026 (` in Lakhs)
S.
No.
Particulars Balance Sheet Profit and Loss OCI Balance Sheet
01.04.2025 2025 - 2026 2025 - 2025 31.03.2026
1 Difference between written down value 
on Property, Plants and Equipment as per 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 
1961
 1,729.19  364.58  -    2,093.77 
2 Allowance for unsecured doubtful debts 
and advances
 (69.92)  (17.35)  -    (87.27)
3 Provision for expenses allowed for tax 
purpose on payment basis
 (100.12)  (30.73)  -    (130.85)
4 Cash Flow Hedge Reserves  -    -    (2.55)  (2.55)
5 Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 
through Other Comprehensive Income
 (3.64)  -    (37.25)  (40.90)
6 Preliminary Expenditure to the extent not 
written off (Net)
 (1.69)  (3.05)  -    (4.74)
7 On Account of Income Tax Losses of 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 (1.82)  (123.81)  -    (125.62)
8 Deferred Tax Expenses / (Benefits)  189.64  (39.80)
9 Net Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets)  1,552.00  1,701.84 
As At March 31, 2025 (` in Lakhs)
S.
No.
Particulars Balance Sheet Profit and Loss OCI Balance Sheet
01.04.2024 2024 - 2025 2024 - 2025 31.03.2025
1 Difference between written down value 
on Property, Plants and Equipment as per 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 
1961
 1,325.49  403.70  -    1,729.19 
2 Allowance for unsecured doubtful debts 
and advances
 (77.13)  7.21  -    (69.92)
3 Provision for expenses allowed for tax 
purpose on payment basis
 (91.55)  (8.57)  -    (100.12)
4 Difference in carrying value and tax base 
of land
 (85.36)  85.36  -    -   
5 Remeasurements of defined benefits plan 
through Other Comprehensive Income
 (0.72)  -    (2.92)  (3.64)
6 Preliminary Expenditure to the extent not 
written off (Net)
 -    (1.69)  -    (1.69)
7 On Account of Income Tax Losses of 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 -    (1.82)  -    (1.82)
8 Deferred Tax Expenses / (Benefits)  484.20  (2.92)
9 Net Deferred Tax Liabilities / (Assets)  1,070.73  1,552.00 
21 Long - Term Provisions  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Employee Benefits*
Gratuity (Unfunded)  421.14  233.06 
Leave Encashment (Unfunded)  62.81  58.16 
Total…(`)  483.95  291.23 
* Refer “Note No. 45” for further reference.
[page 208]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
203
22 Other Non - Current Liabilities (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Deferred revenue income arising from grants and subsidies*  124.44  131.03 
Total…(`)  124.44  131.03 
* Deferred Revenue Income represents grants and subsidies received by the Parent, which are recognized in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the related assets or over the period of the related 
obligations in accordance with applicable Indian accounting standards.
23 Short - Term Borrowings               (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Current
Secured
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Foreign Currency Loan  -    -   
Indian Currency Loan  9,609.33  8,957.69 
Export Packing Credit  -    403.20 
Total…(`) (A)  9,609.33  9,360.88 
Unsecured
Loans Repayable on Demand
From Banks and Financial Institutions
Foreign Currency Loan  -    -   
Indian Currency Loan  2,996.00  2,509.23 
Loans from Directors and their relatives  280.00  -   
Total…(`) (B)  3,276.00  2,509.23 
Current Maturities
Secured (Term Loans)
Indian Currency Loan  1,249.50  541.39 
Hire Purchase Loans  -    -   
Total…(`) (C)  1,249.50  541.39 
Total…(`) (A + B + C)  14,134.83  12,411.50 
Nature of Securities and Terms of Repayments
a) Working capital loans and export packing credit facilities availed from Axis Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-
passu charge by way of hypothecation over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of the 
Parent, both present and future. These credit facilities are further secured by an equitable mortgage over the properties 
as detailed in "Note No. 18" of the consolidated financial statements.
b)  Working capital facilities availed from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge by way 
of hypothecation over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of the Parent, both present 
and future. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of an equitable mortgage over the factory land and 
building situated at Survey Nos. 43, 55/1, 56/1 and 56/2, Mouza Maregaon, District Bhandara, held in the name of the 
Parent. The credit facilities are also secured by an equitable mortgage over the land and building situated at Survey No. 
1016/2, Mouza and Grampanchayat Neeri, PC No. 21, Mohadi, District Bhandara, held in the name of the Parent, and by 
mortgage of Plot Nos. B-28 and B-28/1, Industrial Area, MIDC, Behind Mahindra and Mahindra, Hingna Road, Nagpur, 
Maharashtra - 440016, held in the name of the Parent. These credit facilities are additionally secured by irrevocable 
personal guarantees provided by Arun Bhandari and Lalit Bhandari, Directors of the Parent.
c)  Working capital loans availed from Citi Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge by way of hypothecation 
over the entire inventories, book debts, receivables and other current assets of the Parent, both present and future. These 
credit facilities are further secured by an equitable mortgage over the properties as detailed in "Note No. 18" of the 
consolidated financial statements.
[page 209]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
204
d)  Working capital facilities availed from Federal Bank Limited are secured by lien / pledge over term deposits amounting 
to ₹ 100.00 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 100.00 Lakhs). Such term deposits are held as cash collateral security against the credit 
facilities sanctioned by the bank and financial institutions. The remaining portion of the said facilities is unsecured.
e)  Working capital facilities availed from Shinhan Bank are unsecured in nature and are repayable on demand. The facilities 
carry interest at the rate of 7.25% per annum.
f)  Purchase Bill Financing (PBF) availed from banks and financial institutions is unsecured in nature and has been obtained 
to meet the working capital requirements of the Parent. The said facility carries an interest rate of 9.05% per annum.
g)  Working capital facilities availed from HDFC Bank Limited are secured by a first pari-passu charge by way of 
hypothecation of the MEPL’s entire inventories, book debts, receivables, and other current assets, both present and 
future. The said credit facilities are further secured by way of equitable and registered mortgage of the immovable 
properties as referred to in point no. (f) and point no. (g) “Note No. 18” to the consolidated financial statements. Further, 
the facilities are also secured by an irrevocable corporate guarantee provided by MMP Industries Limited, the Parent.
h)  Unsecured loans in MEPL received from Directors and Promoters are unsecured, interest-free, and short-term in nature, 
and are repayable on demand. Such loans have been received to meet the operational and funding requirements of the 
MEPL and do not carry any specific repayment schedule or security.
24 Trade Payables*                             (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Trade Payables (Including Acceptance)**
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises***  880.98  833.86 
Due to Others#  3,741.23  1,878.78 
Total…(`)  4,622.21  2,712.65 
* Refer "Note No. 42" for aging analysis of Trade Payables.
** Acceptance arrangements include arrangements whereby operational suppliers of goods and services are initially paid by 
banks and financial institutions on behalf of the Group, while the Group continues to recognize the corresponding liability 
until settlement with such banks and financial institutions, which is generally effected within a period of 90 days. The amount 
outstanding under such arrangements as at the reporting date is ₹ NIL (Prev Year ₹ NIL).
*** The Group has certain dues to suppliers covered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(‘MSMED Act, 2006’). The disclosures pursuant to the provisions of the said MSMED Act, 2006 are as follows:
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Principal amount due to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 
and remaining amount unpaid at the end of the reporting period
 880.98  833.86 
Interest due to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 and remaining 
unpaid at the end of the period
 -  -
Principal amount paid to the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 beyond 
the stipulated day during the period
 -  -
Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act, 2006 to the suppliers registered under 
the Act, beyond the "Appointed Day" during the period
 -  -
Interest due or payable towards the suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 2006 
for the payments already made 
 -  -
Further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier period  -  -
Dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the 
basis of information provided and collected by the Management of the companies included in the Group. The same has been 
relied upon by the Auditors.
# Refer "Note No. 39B" for the information of credit risk and market risk for Trade Payables.
[page 210]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
205
25 Other Financial Liabilities               (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Investor Education and Protection Fund*
Unclaimed / Unpaid Dividend  4.29  2.88 
Total…(`)(A)  4.29  2.88 
Others
Audit Fees Payable  4.62  2.82 
Capital Creditors**  231.63  463.48 
Foreign Currency Forward Contract Payable  57.02  -   
Interest Accrued but not yet due  50.20  72.63 
Liabilities for Expenses  696.07  411.93 
Liabilities towards Services*** 394.66 325.55
Payable towards Employees 183.22 160.13
Payable towards Direct Tax 31.29 33.36
Payable towards Indirect Tax 83.20 280.08
Statutory Dues Payable 30.52 26.95
Total…(`)(B)  1,762.42  1,776.93 
Total…(`)(A + B)  1,766.71  1,779.81 
* As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there were no amounts due and outstanding required to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund ("IEPF") under section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013. Any unclaimed dividend, if 
applicable, shall be transferred to the IEPF as and when it becomes due in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
** Out of the above Capital Creditors, ₹ 39.78 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 177.75 Lakhs) represents dues to suppliers covered under 
the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”). Refer “Note No. 42.1” for ageing 
analysis of Capital Creditors.
*** Out of the above Liabilities towards Services, ₹ 12.67 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 94.22 Lakhs) represents dues to suppliers 
covered under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”). Refer “Note No. 
42.2” for ageing analysis of Liabilities towards Services.
26 Other Current Liabilities               (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Others
Advance received from Customer's  280.19  269.33 
Total…(`)  280.19  269.33 
27 Short - Term Provisions  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Employee Benefits*
Gratuity (Unfunded)  190.25  116.33 
Leave Encashment (Unfunded)  24.77  20.39 
Total…(`)  215.01  136.73 
[page 211]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
206
* Refer “Note No. 45” for further reference.
28 Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Provision for Income Tax (Net)
Provision for Income Tax  715.11  -   
Less: Advance Income Tax  (550.00)  -   
Less: Tax Dedcuted at Source Receivables  (53.10)  -   
Less: Tax Collected at Source Receivables  (0.20)  -   
Total…(`)  111.80  -   
The tax rate used for the above calculation represents the corporate tax rate of 25.168% (Prev Year 25.168%), being the rate 
applicable to corporate entities on taxable profits in accordance with the Indian Income Tax laws.
29 Revenue from Operations (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Revenue from Operations
Sale of Products*
Domestic Market  78,155.43  66,546.32 
Export Market  3,836.87  2,300.88 
Trading Sales  6.06  9.93 
Total Sale of Products…(`)(A)  81,998.36  68,857.13 
Sale of Services*
Domestic Services  328.40  277.50 
Total Sale of Services…(`)(B)  328.40  277.50 
Other Operating Revenue
Duty Draw Back Entitlements  43.70  26.69 
RoDTEP  30.04  24.68 
Total Other Operating Revenue…(`)(C)  73.74  51.37 
Total…(`)(A + B + C)  82,400.49  69,185.99 
* The Group act as an agent in collecting Goods and Services Tax (GST) on behalf of the Government. Accordingly, GST 
recovered from customers does not form part of the consideration received for goods sold or services rendered and is not 
recognized as revenue. Revenue from operations is presented net of GST in the consolidated financial statements 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Timing of Revenue Recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time  81,998.36  68,857.13 
Services transferred over the time  328.40  277.50 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,326.76  69,134.62 
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,400.49  69,185.99 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Disaggregation of revenue based on products and services
Aluminium Powder and Paste  50,403.54  43,793.05 
Aluminium Foils  21,520.37  15,417.53 
Aluminium Conductors  9,997.96  9,666.99 
Insulators  231.91  -   
Others  246.73  308.42 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,400.49  69,185.99 
[page 212]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
207
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Disaggregation by locations of customers
In India  78,489.89  66,833.74 
Outside India  3,836.87  2,300.88 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,326.76  69,134.62 
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,400.49  69,185.99 
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Reconciliation of Revenue recongnized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss with Contracted Price
Revenue as per Contracted Price  82,424.16  69,516.04 
Less: Rebates, discounts and other deductions  97.40  381.41 
Total revenue from contract with customers  82,326.76  69,134.62 
Add: Export Incentives  73.74  51.37 
Total Revenue from Operations…(`)  82,400.49  69,185.99 
Peformance Obligations
Sales of Product: Performance obligation in respect of the sale of goods is satisfied when control of the goods is transferred to 
the customer, generally upon delivery. Revenue is recognized at that point in time, and payment is generally due in accordance 
with the terms of the contracts entered into with customers.
Sales of Services: Performance obligation in respect of rendering of services is satisfied either over time or upon completion 
and acceptance of the services by the customers, in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. Accordingly, 
revenue from such services is recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied, and payment is generally due upon 
completion and acceptance of the services by the customers.
During the reporting period and the previous reporting period, the Group did not have any remaining performance obligations, 
as the contracts entered into for the sale of goods and rendering of services were of short-term duration.
30 Other Income  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Interest Income
On Other Financial Assets carried at Amortized Costs  33.87  13.06 
On Other Assets  8.36  2.97 
Total Interest Income…(`)(A)  42.23  16.04 
Other Non - Opearting Revenues
Foreign Exchange Gain or Loss (Net)  55.35  63.09 
Misc. Income  0.85  0.72 
Rental Income  15.00  15.00 
Scrap Sales  0.13  -   
Subsidy or Grant (Deferred)  9.88  9.79 
Sundry Balances Written Off (Net)  9.74  -   
Total Non - Operating Income…(`)(B)  90.95  88.60 
Total…(`)(A + B)  133.17  104.63 
31  Cost of Materials Consumed  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Consumption of Raw Materials
Stock at the beginning of the reporting period  3,205.03  2,982.16 
Add: Purchases made during the reporting period  67,165.72  54,335.30 
Add: Direct expenses incurred during the reporting period  188.65  194.09 
Less: Stock at the end of the reporting period  5,497.36  3,205.03 
Less: Loss due to Fire  17.87  -   
Consumption of Raw Materials…(`)(A)  65,044.17  54,306.52 
[page 213]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
208
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Consumption of Packing Materials
Stock at the beginning of the reporting period  183.40  151.77 
Add: Purchases made during the reporting period  1,172.79  1,264.10 
Add: Direct expenses incurred during the reporting period  2.41  4.78 
Less: Stock at the end of the reporting period  141.85  183.40 
Consumption of Packing Materials…(`)(B)  1,177.58  1,237.25 
Total Consumption of Materials…(`)(A + B)  66,221.75  55,543.77 
32 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Trading Stock (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Stock at the beginning of the Reporting Period
Finished Goods  3,711.73  1,943.82 
Work-in-Progress  5,927.18  5,625.43 
Trading Stock  2.40  2.30 
 9,641.31  7,571.55 
Stock at the end of the Reporting Period
Finished Goods  2,982.61  3,711.73 
Work-in-Progress  6,729.12  5,927.18 
Trading Stock  0.78  2.40 
 9,712.51  9,641.31 
Goods destoryed due to fire*  526.00  -   
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories…(`)  (597.21)  (2,069.76)
* On April 11, 2025, an accidental fire broke out at the manufacturing facilities situated at the Umred Plant of the Parent, 
resulting in damage to certain plants and machineries, inventory, and other related assets. The incident was duly reported 
to the insurance company and the relevant authorities, and necessary assessment and survey of the loss was carried out by 
the insurance surveyor appointed by the insurer. Based on the assessment and the final claim bill submitted to the insurance 
company, the expected insurance claim has been recognized by the Parent and disclosed under "Exceptional Items" in "Note 
No. 37" of the consolidated financial statements. Consequently, the carrying value of damaged assets amounting to ₹ 526.00 
Lakhs has been written off in the books of account during the reporting period 
33 Employee Benefit Expenses*  (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Employee Benefits Expense
Salary, Wages, Incentives and Managerial Remuneration  4,414.58  4,044.49 
Contributions to:
Provident Fund  149.24  133.96 
Other Funds  15.97  11.30 
Bonus  78.57  73.94 
Staff Welfare Expenses  136.38  131.63 
Total…(`)  4,794.73  4,395.32 
* Refer “Note No. 45” for further reference.
34 Finance Costs (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Interest on Financial Liabilities carried at Amortized Cost
On Bank Borrowings  1,228.91  936.34 
Interest to Others  3.70  6.84 
Other Interest Expenses  100.71  76.09 
Total…(`)  1,333.31  1,019.27 
[page 214]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
209
35 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses
Depreciation Expenses  1,126.78  963.58 
Amortization Expenses  7.47  6.97 
Total…(`)  1,134.25  970.55 
36 Other Expenses                 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Others
Consumption of Stores, Spares and Consumables  781.45  742.53 
Consumption of Power and Fuel  2,881.05  2,810.35 
Administrative and Other Expenses  89.66  91.16 
Conveyance and Travelling Expenses  146.59  133.08 
Corporate Social Responsibilities Expenses  68.60  59.82 
Director Sitting Fees  9.05  7.75 
Exchange Rate Difference (Net)  -    -   
Insurance Charges  99.56  55.75 
Legal and Professional Fees  274.30  187.12 
Licence Fees  6.94  4.77 
Loss on Future and Option Contracts  0.34  31.51 
Loss on Disposal of Property, Plants and Equipement  32.53  11.37 
Loss on Disposal of RoDTEP Licences  0.07  -   
Payments to the Auditor (Refer "Note No. 36.1")  5.69  3.47 
Preliminary Expenditure to the extent written off  11.24  6.70 
Provision for Unsecured Doubtful Debts and Advance  68.95  54.15 
Rent, Rates and Taxes  119.24  57.60 
Repair and Maintenance Expenses
For Plant and Machineries  97.85  57.97 
For Buildings  16.91  47.94 
For Other Property, Plants and Equipment  18.33  37.49 
Security Charges  120.67  105.87 
Selling and Distribution Expenses  493.37  419.19 
Testing and Analysis Charges 141.61 -
Total…(`)  5,484.01  4,925.60 
36.1 Payments to the Auditor (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
As Auditor's:
Audit Fees  4.55  2.75 
Tax Audit Fees  0.50  0.30 
Certification Fees  0.64  0.42 
Total…(`)  5.69  3.47 
[page 215]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
210
37 Exceptional Items (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Others
Loss due to Fire (Net of Insurance Claim Receivables)  878.96  -   
Past Service Cost (Gratutity)**  94.73  -   
Total…(`)  973.69  -   
* During the reporting period, an accidental fire broke out at the Parent’s manufacturing facility located at Umred on April 11, 
2025, resulting in damage to inventories, property, plants and equipment, and disruption of business operations. The Parent 
incurred losses towards inventories, property, plants and equipment, and employee-related costs including medical treatment 
and compensation, aggregating to ₹ 1,672.01 Lakhs. The incident was duly reported to the insurance company, and based 
on the final claim assessment, an insurance claim receivable of ₹ 793.05 Lakhs has been recognized in the books of account. 
Accordingly, the net loss arising from the said fire incident has been presented as an "Exceptional Item" in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2026.
** Effective November 21, 2025, the Government of India consolidated 29 existing labour regulations into four labour 
codes, namely the Code of Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the 
Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as the "New Labour Codes"). 
Based on the requirements of the New Labour Codes and the relevant indian accounting standards, the Group has reassessed 
and remeasured its employee benefit obligations, which has resulted in incremental expense on account of recognition of 
past service cost. Considering the material and one-time nature of the said impact, the Group has presented the same as an 
"Exceptional Item" in the consolidated statement of profit and loss for the period ended March 31, 2026, amounting to ₹ 94.73 
Lakhs.
38 Category Wise Classification of Financial Instruments (` in Lakhs)
Financial Assets Note 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Non-Current
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
Investment in Quoted / Unquoted Mutual Funds  -    -   
Total…(`)(A)  -    -   
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI)
Investment in Quoted Equity Shares  -    -   
Investment in Quoted Debentures or Bonds  -    -   
Total…(`)(B) - -
Financial assets measured at amortized costs
Investment in Unqouted Equity Instruments 5  5,410.66  4,767.81 
Loans to Employees 6  20.97  17.55 
Security Deposits 7  38.92  32.21 
Term Deposits with maturity of more than 12 months 7  113.16  106.39 
Other Receivables (Net of Provisions) 7  420.66  470.92 
Total…(`)(C)  6,004.37  5,394.89 
Total…(`)(A + B + C)  6,004.37  5,394.89 
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Financial Assets
Current
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
Investment in Quoted / Unquoted Mutual Funds  -  -
Total…(`)(A)  -  -
[page 216]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
211
Particulars Note 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI)
Investment in Quoted Equity Shares  -    -   
Total…(`)(B)  -  -
Financial assets measured at amortized costs
Trade Receivables (Net of ECL Provisions) 11  8,884.99  8,951.34 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 12A  196.52  1,095.22 
Other Balances with Banks 12B  4.29  2.88 
Loans to Employees 13  25.00  16.48 
Interest Receivables 14  2.29  2.48 
Insurance Claim Receivables 14  793.05  -   
Rent Receivables 14  5.57  6.21 
Term Deposits with Banks and Financial Institutions 14  129.08  93.98 
Total…(`)(C)  10,040.80  10,168.59 
Total…(`)(A + B + C)  10,040.80  10,168.59 
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Financial Liabilities
Non-Current
Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs
Borrowings from Banks and Financial Institutions 18  4,287.62  3,183.91 
Inter - Corporate and Related Parties Loans 18  30.00  30.00 
Retention Money related to Capital Expenditure 19  76.21  58.39 
Retention Money related to Employees 19  7.64  2.23 
Retention Money related to Vendor's 19  0.40  -   
Total…(`)  4,401.48  3,274.54 
              (` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Financial Liabilities
Current
Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs
Short - Term Borrowings (Secured) 23  9,609.33  8,957.69 
Export Packing Credit (Secured) 23  -    403.20 
Working Capital Loans from Bank (Unsecured) 23  2,996.00  2,509.23 
Loans from Director's and their relatives 23  280.00  -   
Current Maturities of Term Loans 23  1,249.50  541.39 
Trade Payables - MSME 24  880.98  833.86 
Trade Payables - Dues to Others 24  3,741.23  1,878.78 
Unpaid Dividend 25  4.29  2.88 
Audit Fees Payable 25  4.62  2.82 
Capital Creditors 25  231.63  463.48 
Foreign Currency Forward Contract Payable 25  57.02  -   
Interest Accrued but not yet due 25  50.20  72.63 
Liabilities for Expenses 25  696.07  411.93 
Liabilities towards Services 25  394.66  325.55 
Payable towards Employees 25  183.22  160.13 
Payable towards Direct Tax 25  31.29  33.36 
Payable towards Indirect Tax 25  83.20  280.08 
Statutory Dues Payables 25  30.52  26.95 
Total…(`)  20,523.76  16,903.95 
[page 217]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
212
* The Group does not have any financial liabilities under the Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) category, during 
the current and previous reporting periods. Accordingly, all financial liabiliies have been measured in accordance with the 
applicable accounting policies prescribed under the relevant Indian Accounting Standards.
 39A- Fair Value Measurements
i) Financial Instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
 The Group does not hold any quoted or unquoted debentures or bonds, nor does it have investments in quoted 
equity instruments measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI). Accordingly, 
the requirements of Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and their related 
disclosures are not applicable to the Group for any of the reporting periods presented in these consolidated financial 
statements.
ii) Financial Instruments measured at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
 (` in Lakhs)
Financial Assets / Financial 
Liabilities
Fair Value
As At 31.03.2026
Fair Value Hierarchy
Quoted Price in 
Active Market 
(Level 1)
Significant 
Observable  
Inputs (Level 2)
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs (Level 3)
Foreign Currency Forward 
Exchange Contract Payable
` 57.02 ` 57.02 -- --
  (` in Lakhs)
Financial Assets / Financial 
Liabilities
Fair Value
As At 31.03.2025
Fair Value Hierarchy
Quoted Price in 
Active Market 
(Level 1)
Significant 
Observable 
Inputs (Level 2)
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs (Level 3)
Foreign Currency Forward 
Exchange Contract Payable
-- -- -- --
 The Group does not hold any unquoted equity shares (other than investments in associates, which are measured 
at amortized cost) nor any quoted mutual funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL). 
Accordingly, the requirements of Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and their 
related disclosures are not applicable to the Group for any of the reporting periods presented in these consolidated 
financial statements.
 The Group does not have any financial liabilities measured at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL). 
Accordingly, the requirements of Ind AS 109, “Financial Instruments”, relating to fair value measurement and 
their related disclosures are not applicable to the Group for all reporting periods presented in these consolidated 
financial statements.
iii) Financial Instruments measured at Amortized Costs
 The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost as presented in the 
consolidated financial statements are considered to be a reasonable approximation of their respective fair values. 
This is primarily due to the short-term nature of certain financial instruments and / or because such instruments 
bear interest rates that are considered to be at market rates. Accordingly, the Group does not expect any material 
differences between the carrying amounts and the amounts that would ultimately be realized or settled.
39B- Financial Risk Management - Objectives and Policies
 The Group’s principal financial assets primarily comprise investments, security deposits, cash and cash equivalents, 
other balances with banks, and trade and other receivables arising directly from its business operations. The Group’s 
financial liabilities mainly comprise borrowings in Indian currency, retention money, trade payables, and other payables. 
These financial liabilities are primarily incurred to finance the Group’s business operations and to support its working 
capital requirements and other operational obligations.
 The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk arising from its financial instruments. The Board of 
Directors (“the Board”) oversees the management of these financial risks. The risk management policy of the Group, 
formulated by the management and approved by the respective Board of Directors included in the Group, sets out the 
Group’s approach to addressing uncertainties in its efforts to achieve its stated and implicit objectives. It defines the roles 
and responsibilities of management, the structure for managing risks, and the overall risk management framework. The 
[page 218]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
213
framework is designed to identify, assess, and mitigate financial risks in order to minimize potential adverse effects on 
the Group’s financial performance. The Board has taken necessary actions to mitigate the risks identified based on the 
information and circumstances prevailing at the time.
 The following disclosures summarize the Group’s exposure to financial risks and provide information regarding the use 
of derivatives, if any, employed to manage such exposures. A quantitative sensitivity analysis has also been provided 
to reflect the impact of reasonably possible changes in market rates on the Group’s financial results, cash flows, and 
financial position.
1) Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: interest rate risk, currency risk, and other price risk. 
The Group is exposed to market risk through various financial instruments, including loans and borrowings 
denominated in domestic currency, deposits, retention money, trade and other payables, and trade receivables.
a) Interest Rate Risk
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to 
changes in market interest rates. An increase in interest rates would adversely impact the Group’s borrowing costs. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk primarily on its long-term and short-term borrowings. Interest rate risk 
is managed by monitoring the proportion of fixed and floating rate borrowings and taking appropriate actions, as 
necessary, to maintain a balanced exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The Group has not used any interest rate 
derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk during the reporting period.
i)  Interest Rate Risk Exposure
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Variable Rate Borrowing 12,885.33 11,870.11
Fixed Rate Borrowing 5,567.13 3,755.30
ii)  Sensitivity Analysis
 Profit and Loss estimates to higher / lower interest rate expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest 
rate.
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Interest Rate - Increase by 70 Basis Points (129.17) (109.38)
Interest Rate - Decrease by 70 Basis Points 129.17 109.38
b) Foreign Currency Risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate due to changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Group operates globally and a portion of its transactions are denominated in foreign 
currencies; consequently, it is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from sales to overseas customers and 
purchases from overseas suppliers. The Group manages its foreign currency exposure through natural hedging, 
to the extent possible, by matching foreign currency inflows with corresponding foreign currency outflows, such 
as procuring goods in the same currencies in which sales are denominated. This approach helps in mitigating the 
impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Group’s financial results.
 The carrying amount of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary items is as follows:
             (` in Lakhs)
Currency Liabilities Assets
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
USD ($) 51.89 00.10 05.76 40.51
EURO (€) 13.76 04.43 07.33 07.29
 The above table represents the Group’s total exposure to foreign currency-denominated monetary items. The 
Company has entered into any hedging arrangements to mitigate its foreign currency exposure during the current 
reporting period as well as the previous reporting period.
[page 219]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
214
 The Group is mainly exposed to fluctuations in USD ($) and EURO (€). The table below demonstrates the 
sensitivity to a 5% increase or decrease in USD ($) against INR and EURO (€) against INR, assuming all other 
variables remain constant. The sensitivity analysis is based on the net unhedged exposure of the Group as at 
the reporting date and the previous reporting date. A 5% movement represents management’s assessment of a 
reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.
   (` in Lakhs)
Change in USD ($) Rate Effect on Profit after Tax (PAT) Effect on Total Equity
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
-5% 1.73 (1.20) 1.73 (1.20)
+5% (1.73) 1.20 (1.73) 1.20
   (` in Lakhs)
Change in EURO (€) Rate Effect on Profit after Tax (PAT) Effect on Total Equity
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
-5% 26.23 (09.87) 26.23 (09.87)
+5% (26.23) 09.87 (26.23) 09.87
c) Other Price Risk
 Other price risk is the risk that the fair value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market traded 
prices. Other price risk arises primarily from financial assets such as investments in quoted equity instruments. 
The Group is exposed to price risk mainly on account of investments in quoted equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), if any. As at March 31, 2026, the carrying value of such 
quoted equity instruments measured at FVTOCI is ` NIL (March 31, 2025: ` NIL).
2) Credit Risk
 Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss 
to the Group. Credit risk arises primarily from financial assets such as trade receivables, balances with banks, and 
other financial assets of the Group.
 The Group has adopted a policy of dealing only with counterparties that have sufficiently high credit ratings. The 
Group’s exposure to credit risk and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored, and the 
aggregate value of transactions is reasonably diversified across counterparties.
 Credit risk arising from term deposits and other balances with banks is considered limited, as these balances are 
placed with banks and recognized financial institutions having high credit ratings assigned by international credit 
rating agencies. No collateral is held against such balances.
 The average credit period on sale of products ranges from 30 to 60 days. Credit risk arising from trade receivables 
is managed in accordance with the Group’s established credit risk management policies, procedures, and controls. 
Customer creditworthiness is assessed based on detailed evaluation, and individual credit limits are defined or 
modified accordingly. The concentration of credit risk is limited due to a diversified customer base. No customer 
represents more than 10% of the total trade receivables balance. For trade receivables, as a practical expedient, the 
Group recognizes expected credit loss allowance using a provision matrix approach. The provision matrix is based 
on historically observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking 
estimates at each reporting date. The provision matrix as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:
Net Outstanding > 
365 Days
Percentage of Collection to Gross 
Outstanding in Current Year
Credit Loss Allowances
Yes < 25% Yes, to the extent of lifetime expected credit 
losses outstanding as at reporting date.
Yes > 25% Yes, to the extent of lifetime expected credit 
losses pertaining to balances outstanding for 
more than one year.
[page 220]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
215
 (` in Lakhs)
Movement in Expected Credit Loss Allowance on Trade Receivables 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Balance at the beginning of the reporting period 277.80 306.45
Add: Loss allowance measured at lifetime expected credit losses 68.95 54.15
Less: Bad Debts written off during the reporting period -- 82.80
Balance at the end of reporting period 346.75 277.80
3) Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet its obligations associated 
with financial instruments that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk may also 
arise due to an inability to realize a financial asset quickly at or near its fair value.
 The Group has established a liquidity risk management framework for managing its short-term, medium-term, 
and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from 
mismatches in the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining 
adequate cash and cash equivalents. The Group also has adequate credit facilities with banks to ensure availability 
of sufficient funds to meet its normal operating and financial obligations in a timely and cost-effective manner. The 
Group believes that its liquidity positions of ` 438.76 Lakhs as at March 31, 2026 (Prev Year ` 1,295.60 Lakhs), 
along with anticipated future internally generated cash flows from operations and fully available undrawn credit 
facilities, will enable it to meet its future obligations in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the event 
of any liquidity requirement, the Group believes it has access to financing arrangements and unencumbered assets 
that would enable it to meet its capital and other liquidity requirements.
 The liquidity position referred to above includes:
i)  Cash and Cash Equivalents as disclosed in the Cash Flows Statements; and
ii)  Current / non - current term deposits as disclosed in the financial assets.
The Group’s liquidity management process, as monitored by the management, includes:
i)  Day-to-day funding management through monitoring of future cash flows to ensure timely fulfillment of 
obligations;
ii)  Maintenance of rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity position based on expected cash flows; and
iii)  Maintenance of diversified credit lines to support funding flexibility.
 The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining 
period from the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table represent 
contractual undiscounted cash flows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Less than 
1 Year
Between
1 to 5 Year
More than
5 Year
Total Carrying 
Value
As At March 31, 2026
Borrowings 14,134.83 4,371.62 -- 18,452.46 18,452.46
Other Financial Liabilities 1,766.71 84.25 -- 1,850.97 1,850.97
Trade Payables 4,622.21 -- -- 4,622.21 4,622.21
As At March 31, 2025
Borrowings 12,411.50 3,213.91 -- 15,625.41 15,625.41
Other Financial Liabilities 1,779.81 60.63 -- 1,840.43 1,840.43
Trade Payables 2,712.65 -- -- 2,712.65 2,712.65
[page 221]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
216
39C -Capital Management
 The Group adheres to a robust capital management framework, which is underpinned by the following guiding principles:
a)  Maintain financial strength to ensure BBB+ stable domestic credit ratings and investment grade ratings 
internationally;
b)  Ensure financial flexibility by diversifying sources of financing and their maturities to minimize liquidity risk 
while meeting investment requirements;
c)  Ensure sufficient liquidity is available, either through cash and cash equivalents, investments or committed credit 
facilities, to meet business requirements.
d)  Minimize finance costs while considering current and future industry, market and economic risks and conditions;
e)  Safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as going a going concern.
f)  Maintain an optimal level of leverage to maximize shareholder returns while preserving balance sheet strength and 
flexibility.
 This framework is reviewed and adjusted based on underlying macroeconomic factors affecting the business environment, 
financial market conditions, and the interest rate environment.
 The Board of Directors has the primary responsibility for maintaining a strong capital base and optimizing the cost of 
capital through prudent management of deployed funds and judicious leverage in domestic and international financial 
markets, thereby maintaining investors, creditors, and market confidence and supporting the future development of the 
business.
 For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity share capital and all other equity 
reserves attributable to equity shareholders. The primary objective of capital management is to safeguard the Group’s 
ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal capital structure in order to maximize shareholder 
value.
 As at March 31, 2026, the Parent has only one class of equity shares and has a low level of debt. Consequently, there 
are no externally imposed capital requirements. To maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the Parent allocates 
capital towards dividend distribution or reinvestment in the business based on its long-term financial plans.
 The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of the Net Debt to Equity ratio, where Net Debt is defined as total 
borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, divided by total equity.
 (` in Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total Liabilities 27,842.88 22,558.81
Less: Cash and Cash Equivalents 196.52   1,095.22
Net Debt (A) 27,646.36 21,463.59
Total Equity 34,650.78 32,344.20
Net Debts to Total Equity 00.80 00.66
 The Group has complied with all covenants under the terms and conditions of its major borrowing facilities throughout 
the current reporting period as well as the previous reporting period. 
40 Capital Work-in-Progress ageing Schedule
S. 
No.
Particulars Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
1 Projects-in-Progress  2,919.24  913.25  -    -    3,832.49 
2 Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
S. 
No.
Particulars Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
1 Projects-in-Progress  2,698.10  142.56  -    -    2,840.66 
2 Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
[page 222]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
217
There are no capital work-in-progress (CWIP) projects as at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, for which completion is 
overdue as compared to the original planned schedule or where the actual / estimated costs have exceeded the original planned 
costs.
41  Trade Receivables ageing Schedule
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less 
than Six 
Months
Six 
Months to 
One Year
 One 
to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three 
Years
More than 
Three 
Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Trade Receivable - Unsecured
a) Undisputed, Considered Good 8,594.24  249.42  78.53  -    -    -    8,922.19 
b) Undisputed, Considered Doubtful  -    -    -    26.36  -    -    26.36 
c) Disputed, Considered Good  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
d) Disputed, Considered Doubtful  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
8,594.24  249.42  78.53  26.36  -    -    8,948.55 
e) Less: Allowance for Doubtful Debts  -  -  -  -  -  -  63.56 
Total…(`)  8,884.99 
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less 
than Six 
Months
Six 
Months to 
One Year
One to 
Two 
Years
Two to 
Three 
Years
More than 
Three 
Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Trade Receivable - Unsecured
a) Undisputed, Considered Good 8,357.52  609.65  1.80  -    -    -    8,968.97 
b) Undisputed, Considered Doubtful  -    -    -    30.24  -    -    30.24 
c) Disputed, Considered Good  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
d) Disputed, Considered Doubtful  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
8,357.52  609.65  1.80  30.24  -    -    8,999.20 
e) Less: Allowance for Doubtful Debts  -  -  -  -  -  -  47.87 
Total…(`)  8,951.34 
As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Companies included 
in the Group.
42 Trade Payables ageing Schedule
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Trade Payable (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  880.98  -    -    -    -    880.98 
b) Other than MSME  3,668.06  63.45  9.73  -    -    3,741.23 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  4,549.04  63.45  9.73  -    -    4,622.21 
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Trade Payable (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  832.35  1.52  -    -    -    833.86 
b) Other than MSME  1,664.07  212.38  2.34  -    -    1,878.78 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  2,496.42  213.89  2.34  -    -    2,712.65 
As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Companies included 
in the Group.
[page 223]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
218
42.1 Capital Creditors ageing Schedule
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Capital Creditors (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  39.77  -    -    -    -    39.77 
b) Other than MSME  188.44  0.76  2.66  -    -    191.85 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  228.21  0.76  2.66  -    -    231.63 
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Capital Creditors (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  177.75  -    -    -    -    177.75 
b) Other than MSME  270.95  14.78  -    -    -    285.73 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  448.70  14.78  -    -    -    463.48 
As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Companies included 
in the Group.
42.2 Liabilities towards Service ageing Schedule
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2026
Liabilities towards Service (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  9.07  3.60  -    -    -    12.67 
b) Other than MSME  381.99  -    -    -    -    381.99 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  391.06  3.60  -    -    -    394.66 
S. 
No.
Particulars Not Due Less than 
One Year
One to Two 
Years
Two to 
Three Years
More than 
Three Years
Total As At 
31.03.2025
Liabilities towards Service (Including Acceptance)
a) MSME  90.99  3.23  -    -    -    94.22 
b) Other than MSME  230.20  1.12  -    -    -    231.33 
c) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Dues - Other than 
MSME
 -  -  -  -  -  -
Total…(`)  321.20  4.35  -    -    -    325.55 
As at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, there are no unbilled dues outstanding in the books of the Companies included 
in the Group.
[page 224]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
219
43 Key Financial Ratio
S. 
No.
Ratio Numerator Denominator As At           
31.03.2026
As At           
31.03.2025
% 
Variation
1 Current Ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities 1.26 1.39 -9.41%
2 Debt to Equity Ratio Total Debts (Borrowings) Total Equity 0.53 0.48 10.23%
3 Debt Service 
Coverage Ratio(a)
Earning available for debt 
service (EBITDA)
Finance Costs + 
Repayaments of 
Borrowings
2.51 4.55 -44.91%
4 Return on Equity(b) Profit after tax (PAT) Average Total Equity 9.26% 12.70% -27.11%
5 Inventory Turnover 
Ratio
Cost of Goods Sold Average Inventory 4.89 4.83 1.25%
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from Sale of 
Products and Services
Average Trade 
Receivables
9.24 9.44 -2.12%
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover Ratio
Net Purchase of Raw 
Materials, Packing 
Material and Trading 
Stock
Average Trade Payables 18.83 22.39 -15.88%
8 Net Capital Turnover 
Ratio(c)
Revenue from Operations Working Capital 
(Current Assets - 
Current Liabilities)
15.22 10.34 47.28%
9 Net Profit Ratio(b) Profit after tax (PAT) Revenue from 
Operations
3.76% 5.62% -33.03%
10 Return on Capital 
Employed(b)
Profit before Interest 
(excluding interest 
on lease liabilities), 
exceptional items and tax
Average Capital 
Employed {Total 
Assets - Total Current 
Liabilities (Excepts 
Borrowings)}
10.12% 13.66% -25.90%
a) The decrease in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio during the year is mainly attributable to the increase in borrowings 
from banks and financial institutions compared to the previous reporting period, which led to higher interest and principal 
repayment obligations and consequently impacted the Company's debt servicing capacity.
b) The decline in profitability during the reporting period, primarily attributable to losses incurred as a result of the fire 
incident, has adversely impacted the Group's Return on Equity (ROE), Net Profit Ratio and Return on Capital Employed 
(ROCE).
c) The Net Capital Turnover Ratio has improved during the current reporting period due to better utilization and more 
efficient deployment of net working capital in generating revenue.
44 Segment Reporting 
 The segment reporting of the Group has been prepared in accordance with Ind AS 108 - "Operating Segments", as 
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended from time to time. For management purposes, the Group is organized into business units based 
on the nature of its products and services. Accordingly, the Group has identified five reportable segments. Segment 
performance is evaluated and resources are allocated based on the information reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision 
Maker (CODM). The reportable segments are consistent with the internal reporting framework used by management.
 The Board of Directors of the Companies included in the Group, acting as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), 
reviews and monitors the operating results of the Group's business segments separately for the purpose of resource 
[page 225]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
220
allocation and assessment of segment performance. Segment performance is evaluated based on segment profit or loss, 
which is measured in a manner consistent with the profit or loss reported in the consolidated financial statements of 
the Group. Operating segments have been identified based on the nature of the products and services provided by the 
Company and are reported in accordance with the principles and quantitative thresholds prescribed under Ind AS 108 - 
"Operating Segments". The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are consistent with those applied in the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities attributable to individual 
segments are allocated accordingly, while common items that cannot be directly attributed to a specific segment are 
presented as unallocated.
 Revenue and expenses are identified to individual segments on the basis of their direct relationship with the operating 
activities of the respective segments. Revenue and expenses that relate to the Group as a whole and cannot be directly 
attributed or allocated to any specific segment on a reasonable basis are disclosed as "Unallocable Items".
 Segment assets and liabilities comprise those assets and liabilities that are directly attributable to the respective 
segments or can be allocated to the segments on a reasonable basis. Assets and liabilities that relate to the Group 
as a whole and cannot be allocated to any specific segment are disclosed as "Unallocable Assets" and "Unallocable 
Liabilities",respectively.
Reportable Segments Product / Services
a) Aluminium Powders and Pastes Aluminium Powder, Aluminium Pastes and Atomized Powders
b) Aluminium Foils Aluminium Foils
c) Aluminium Conductors Aluminium Conductors
d) Insulators Polymer Insulators, Ceramic Insulators, FRP Rods and Others
d) Others Manganese Oxide / Dioxide, Washers, Circlips and Coals
 The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group's 
consolidated financial statements. The measurement principles used for reporting segment revenue, expenses, assets, 
and liabilities are in conformity with the significant accounting policies of the Group and are applied consistently across 
all reportable segments.
 There are no inter-segment transfers of products or services between the operating segments during the year. Further, 
each reportable segment has been identified separately in accordance with the criteria prescribed under Ind AS 108 - 
"Operating Segments", and no operating segments have been aggregated for the purpose of determining the reportable 
segments 
[page 226]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
221
S. 
No.
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Aluminium 
Powder and 
Paste
Aluminium 
Foils
Aluminium 
Conductors
Insulators Others Total Aluminium 
Powder and 
Paste
Aluminium 
Foils
Aluminium 
Conductors
Insulators Others Total
A. Revenue
a) Gross Sales  50,403.67  21,520.37  9,997.96 231.94  261.73 82415.66  43,835.43  15,441.20  9,666.99  -  257.38 69,200.99
b) Other 
Unallocated
 -  -  -  -  -  118.02  -  -  -  -  -  89.63
c) Total Revenue  50,403.67  21,520.37  9,997.96 231.94  261.73 82533.67  43,835.43  15,441.20  9,666.99  -  257.38 69,290.62
B. Results
a) Segment 
Results
 5,988.44  430.53  485.92  (329.13)  111.20  6,686.96  5,422.66  303.18  799.53  (0.53)  67.75  6,592.59
C. Segment 
Results
 5,988.44  430.53  485.92  (329.13)  111.20  6,686.96  5,422.66  303.18  799.53  67.75  6,592.59
D. Unallocated 
Expenses 
Netted off with 
Unallocated 
Income*
 -  -
 -  -  -  1,194.50  -  -  -  -  -  1,075.83
E. Operating 
Profits  5,492.46  5,516.76
F. Finance Costs 
and Foreign 
Exchange 
Fluctutations 
(Net)
 -  -
 -  -  -  1,333.31  -  -  -  -  -  1,019.27
G. Profit Before 
Tax (PBT)  4,159.15  4,497.49
H. Less: 
Exceptional 
Items / Extra 
Ordinary Items
 -  -
 -  -  -  973.69  -  -  -  -  -  -
I. Add: Share of 
Profit / (Loss) 
in Associates
 -  -
 -  -  -  820.78  -  -  -  -  -  613.67
J. Less: Tax 
Expenses
[page 227]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
222
S. 
No.
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
Aluminium 
Powder and 
Paste
Aluminium 
Foils
Aluminium 
Conductors
Insulators Others Total Aluminium 
Powder and 
Paste
Aluminium 
Foils
Aluminium 
Conductors
Insulators Others Total
 Current tax  -  -  -  -  -  715.68  -  -  -  -  -  739.42
 Deferred tax  -  -  -  -  -  189.64  -  -  -  -  -  484.20
K. Profit After 
Tax (PAT)  3,100.92  3,887.55
Other Information 
1 Segment Assets 32473.91  13,511.96  3,541.78  3,489.42  1,101.65 54,118.85  29,303.75  12,487.44  3,789.20  1,016.47  136.38 46,733.24
Unallocated 
Corporate 
Assets
 -  -  -  -  -  8,374.81  -  -  -  -  -  8,169.77
Total Assets  
62,493.66
 
54,903.01
2 Segment 
Liabilities  6,545.16  868.07  590.73  2,388.16  511.31  
10,903.43  8,363.90  312.80  614.74  427.08  571.94 10,290.46
Unallocated 
Corporate 
Liabilities
 -  -  -  -  -  
16,939.45  -  -  -  -  -  
12,268.35
Total 
Liabilities
 
27,842.88
 
22,558.81
3 Capital 
Expenditures  1,570.86  35.47  583.04  2,128.27  -  4,317.65  3,959.69  19.76  108.37  790.41  30.42  4,908.65
Unallocated 
Corporate 
Capital 
Expenditure
 -  -  -  -  -  597.22  -  -  -  -  -  158.15
Total Capital 
Expenditures  4,914.87  5,066.81
* Unallocable items comprise general corporate income, expenses, assets, and liabilities that are not directly attributable to, or cannot be allocated on a reasonable basis 
among, the reportable operating segments. Such items are managed at the corporate level and are therefore presented separately as unallocable income, expenses, assets, 
and liabilities 
[page 228]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
223
45 Employee Benefits
1 Post Employment Benefits
i) Defined Benefit Gratuity Plan (Unfunded)
 The Parent operates a defined benefit gratuity plan for its employees, which requires contributions to be made to a 
separately administered fund. The gratuity scheme is governed by the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 
1972. Under the Act, employees who have completed a minimum qualifying period of five years of continuous 
service become eligible for gratuity benefits. The amount of gratuity payable is determined based on the employee’s 
length of service and the last drawn salary at the time of retirement, resignation, death, disability, or cessation of 
employment.
ii) Defined Benefit Pension Plan (Unfunded)
 The Group operates a defined benefit pension plan for certain specified employees, under which post- employment 
benefits are payable upon fulfilment of specified terms and conditions as approved by the Board of Directors of the 
Companies included in the Group. The benefits payable under the scheme are determined based on the eligibility 
criteria and other conditions prescribed under the respective plan.
iii) Defined Benefit Post Retirement Medical Benefit Plans (Unfunded)
 The Group operates a defined benefit post-retirement medical benefits plan for certain specified employees, under 
which post-retirement medical benefits are payable upon fulfilment of specified terms and conditions approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Companies included in the Group. The benefits are provided to eligible employees in 
accordance with the provisions of the respective scheme.
 The most recent actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligations was carried 
out as at March 31, 2026, by Mr. Ashok Kumar Garg, Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The valuation has 
been performed using the "Projected Unit Credit Method", which is considered an appropriate method for measuring 
obligations under defined benefit plans.
 The following tables present the components of defined benefit expenses recognized in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss and other comprehensive income, together with the amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet in respect 
of the respective defined benefit plans:
i) Statement showing the Present Value of the Obligations (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Present Value Obligation
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the period  349.40  301.43 
Interest cost  23.10  21.85 
Current service cost  42.27  24.96 
Past service cost  94.73  -   
Benefit paid (if any)  (46.12)  (30.71)
Actuarial (gain) / loss  148.01  31.86 
Present Value of Obligation at the end of the period…(`)  611.39  349.40 
ii) Bifurcation of Total Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Liabilities
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Bifurcation
Changes in financial assumptions  (103.96)  8.44 
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss for plan liabilities  251.97  23.42 
Total amount recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  148.01  31.86 
iii) Key Results
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Results
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period  611.39  349.40 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the period  -    -   
Net libailities / (assets) to be recognized in the Balance Sheet  611.39  349.40 
Funded Status - Surplus / (Deficit)…(`)  (611.39)  (349.40)
[page 229]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
224
iv) Expenses recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss (` in Lakhs)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Breakup of Expenses
Interest Costs  23.10  21.85 
Current Service Costs  42.27  24.96 
Past Service Costs  94.73  -   
Expected return on plan assets  -    -   
Expenses to be recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  160.10  46.82 
v) Experience Adjustments
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Experience Adjustments
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss - plan liabilities  251.97  23.42 
Experience adjustments (gain) / loss - plan assets  -    -   
vi) Other Comprehensive (Income) / Expenses {Remeasurements)
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Other Comprehensive Income
Opening cumulative unrecognized actarial (gain) / loss  14.48  (17.38)
Actuarial (gain) / loss - obligations  148.01  31.86 
Actuarial (gain) / loss - plan assets  -    -   
Total actuarial (gain) or loss  148.01  31.86 
Closing cumulative unrecognized actarial (gain) / loss  162.49  14.48 
vii) Net Interest Costs
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Interest Costs
Interest cost on defined benfits plans  23.10  21.85 
Interest income on plan assets  -    -   
Net Interest Cost…(`)  23.10  21.85 
viii) Summary of Membership Data at the date of valuation and statistics based thereon
Figures in Actual except otherwise specified
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Summary
Number of employees  565  523 
Total monthly salary (In Lakhs)  97.86  58.02 
Average past service (years)  10.8  11.9 
Average future service (years)  16.9  15.8 
Average age (years)  41.1  42.2 
Weighted average duration (based on discounted cash flows) in years  6  6 
Average monthly salary (In Lakhs)  0.17  0.11 
[page 230]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
225
ix) Assumptions
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Assumptions
Discount rate (per annum) 7.00% 6.61%
Salary growth rate (per annum) 5.00% 5.00%
Mortality IALM 2012 - 
14 Ultimate
IALM 2012 - 
14 Ultimate
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (18 years to 30 years) 15.00% 15.00%
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (30 years to 44 years) 5.00% 5.00%
Withdrawal rate (per annum) (44 years to 58 years) 2.00% 2.00%
 The rate of salary escalation considered in the actuarial valuation has been estimated after taking into account various 
factors such as expected inflation, employee seniority, anticipated promotions, historical salary growth trends and other 
relevant economic and market considerations, including prevailing supply and demand conditions in the employment 
market. The actuarial assumptions used in the valuation represent management’s best estimates and have been duly 
certified by the Actuary.  
x) Benefits Valued
Figures in Actual except otherwise specified 
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Valuations
Normal retirement age (years)  58  58
Salary  Last Drawn Qualifying Salary  Last Drawn Qualifying Salary 
Vesting period  5 Years of Service  5 Years of Service 
Benefits on normal retirements  15/26 * Salary * Past Service 
(Years) 
 15/26 * Salary * Past Service 
(Years) 
Benefit on early exit due to death and disability  As metioned above except no 
vesting condtions apply 
 As metioned above except no 
vesting condtions apply 
Limit (In Lakhs)  20.00  20.00
xi) Bifurcation of Liabilities
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Break-up of Liabilities
Current Liabilities (Short - Term)  190.25  116.33 
Non - Current Liabilities (Long - Term)  421.14  233.06 
Total Liabilities…(`)  611.39  349.40 
xii) Expected Contribution during next Annual Reporting Period
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
The Group's best estimate of contribution during the next year  54.15  32.47 
xiii) Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation - Benefit Obligations
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Maturity Profiles
01.04.2026 to 31.03.2027  190.25  116.33 
01.04.2027 to 31.03.2028  60.92  28.09 
01.04.2028 to 31.03.2029  51.92  28.27 
01.04.2029 to 31.03.2030  57.80  23.89 
01.04.2030 to 31.03.2031  40.07  24.86 
01.04.2031 to Onwards  210.42  127.94 
[page 231]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
226
xiv) Sensitivity Analysis
 The significant actuarial assumptions used for determining the defined benefit obligation include the discount rate and 
salary escalation rate. The impact of changes in mortality assumptions is considered insignificant. The sensitivity analysis 
below has been prepared considering changes in individual assumptions while holding other assumptions constant; 
however, actual changes may differ as assumptions may be interrelated. The results of the sensitivity analysis are set out 
below:
31.03.2026
Sensitivity
Defined Benefit Obligation (Base)  6,11,38,583 @ Salary Increase Rate : 5.00% and Discount Rate: 7.00% 
Liability with x% Incresae in Discount Rate  5,86,43,348; X = 1.00% {Change (4%)} 
Liability with x% Decrease in Discount Rate  6,39,21,985; X = 1.00% {Change 5%} 
Liability with x% Increase in Salary Growth Rate  6,39,50,368; X = 1.00% {Change 5%} 
Liability with x% Decrease in Salary Growth Rate  5,85,75,611; X = 1.00% {Change (4%)} 
Liability with x% Increase in Withdrawal Rate  6,13,49,695; X = 1.00% {Change 0%} 
Liability with x% Decrease in Withdrawal Rate  6,08,94,982; X = 1.00% {Change 0%} 
xv) Reconciliation of Liabilities at Balance Sheet
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Reconciliations
Opening Gross Defined Benefit Liability / (Assets)  349.40  301.43 
Expense recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  160.10  46.82 
Other Comprehensive Income - Actuarial (Gain) / Loss - Total Current Period  148.01  31.86 
Benefit Paid (If any)  (46.12)  (30.71)
Closing Gross Defined Benefit Liability / (Assets)  611.39  349.40 
2 Defined Contribution Plans
i) Provident Fund
 The Group manages and administers the provident fund assets and liabilities in accordance with the provisions of the 
Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, and the applicable rules and regulations framed 
thereunder.
 The plan guarantees a minimum rate of interest as notified by the Provident Fund Authorities from time to time. 
Employer and employee contributions, together with accrued interest thereon, are payable to employees upon retirement 
or separation from the Group, whichever is earlier, and vest immediately upon rendering of service. In accordance with 
the Guidance Note issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India, the Actuary has carried out the valuation of provident 
fund liabilities based on the prescribed assumptions. There is no shortfall in the fund as at March 31, 2026.
 The details of contibution made by the Parent to the resepctive funds are given as below:
Particulars 2025-2026 2024-2025
Contributions
Employee's Share of Contribution  141.23  125.04 
Employer's Share of Contribution  149.24  133.96 
Total Contrbution during the Reporting Period…(`)  290.47  258.99 
[page 232]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
227
3 Other Long - Term Employee Benefits  
i) Annual Leave and Sick Leave Assumptions  
 The liability in respect of compensated absences, comprising annual leave and sick leave benefits, has been determined on 
the basis of an actuarial valuation carried out using the Projected Unit Credit Method as at March 31, 2026. The liability 
recognized in the consolidated financial statements amounts to ₹ 31.33 Lakhs (Prev Year: ₹ 27.57 Lakhs) 
46 Information on Related Party Transaction as required by Ind AS - 24 - 
 “ RELATED P ARTY DISCLOSURE” for the year ended March 31, 2026
 Related parties, as defined under Ind AS - 24, “Related Party Disclosure” have been identified on the basis of written 
representations provided by the Group’s management and information available with the Group. The Group’s material 
related party transactions and outstanding balances with such related parties, entered into in ordinary course of business, 
are as follows:
1. Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company (WOS)
a) Star Circlips and Engineering Limited (Holds 26.06% of Total Equity)
b) Toyal MMP India Private Limited (Holds 26.00% of Total Equity)
2.  Entities where Key Managerial Personnel / Close Family Members of Key Managerial Personnel have control / 
significant influence and where transactions have taken places
a) Mayank Fasteners Private Limited
b) Rohini Farms and Agriculture Private Limited)
3. Key Managerial Person Name and their Designation
 S. No. Name of the Persons Designation
a) Shri Arun Bhandari Managing Director (MD)
b) Shri Lalit Bhandari Whole Time Director (WTD)
c) Shri Mayank Bhandari Non - Executive Director
d) Ms. Rohini Bhandari Non - Executive Director
(Joined on August 08, 2025)
e) Shri Narasimham Murthy Tenneti Whole Time Director (WTD)
f) Shri Sunil Khanna Independent Director
g) Shri Sanjay Sancheti Independent Director
h) Shri Vijay Singh Bapna Independent Director
i) Shri Karan Verma Independent Director (Retired on August 08, 2025)
j) Shri Sachin Nirgudkar Independent Director (Joined on August 08, 2025)
k) Smt. Ulka Kulkarni Woman Independent Director
l) Shri Sharad Khandelwal Chief Financial Officer
m) Smt. Madhura Singh Company Secretary 
n) Shri Aditya Kothari Director in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
5. Relatives of Key Managerial Person
 S. No. Name of the Persons Relationship with the Company
a) Smt. Saroj Bhandari Wife of Managing Director
b) Smt. Sakshi Bhandari Wife of Non - Executive Director
c) Master Vivaan Bhandari Son of Non - Executive Director
Terms and Conditions with the transactions with Related Parties as under:
a)  The Group has been entering into transactions with related parties for its business purposes. The process followed for 
entering into transactions with related parties is the same as that followed for unrelated parties. Vendors are selected on 
a competitive basis, having regard to strict adherence to quality standards, timely service, and cost advantages. Further, 
related party vendors provide additional advantages in terms of:
i)  Supplying products primarily to the Group;
ii)  Advanced and innovative technologies;
iii)  Customization of products to suit the Group’s specific performance;
iv)  Enhancement of the Group’s purchase cycle and assurance of just in time supply with resultant benefits - notably 
on working capital.
[page 233]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
228
b)  Purchases from and sales to related parties are undertaken on terms equivalent to those applicable to unrelated parties, 
on arm’s length basis.
c)  Outstanding balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are unsecured, interest free, and are 
repayable / receivable in demand, and are expected to be settled in cash. 
Transaction with Related Parties is as under:
          (Amount in ` Lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
 1. Purchases of Goods
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 01.49  
(P. Y . ` 03.68)
-- -- --
Toyal MMP India Private 
Limited
` NIL 
(P. Y . ` 04.52)
-- -- --
2. Payment of Office Rent
Mayank Fasteners Private 
Limited
-- ` 03.00 
(P. Y . ` 00.90)
-- --
3. Remuneration
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 134.40 
(P. Y . ` 134.40)
--
Shri Lalit Bhandari -- -- ` 35.13 
(P. Y . ` 35.37)
--
Shri Narasimham Murthy 
Tenneti
-- -- ` 23.69  
(P. Y . ` 23.68)
--
Shri Sharad Khandelwal -- -- ` 31.71 
(P. Y . ` 31.64)
--
Smt. Madhura Singh -- -- ` 10.67 
 (P. Y . ` 10.36)
--
4. Salary and Perquisites
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 61.98
(P. Y . ` 61.98)
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 25.83
(P. Y . ` 25.78)
5. Legal and Professional 
Charges
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- ` 30.00
(P. Y . ` 30.00)
--
6. Director Sitting Fees
Shri Sanjay Sancheti -- -- ` 02.00
 (P. Y . ` 02.10)
--
Shri Vijay Singh Bapna -- -- ` 02.35
(P. Y . ` 02.15)
--
Shri Sunil Khanna -- -- ` 02.35
(P. Y . ` 02.15)
--
Smt. Ulka Kulkarni -- -- ` 01.10
 (P. Y . ` 01.35)
--
Shri Karan Verma -- -- ` 00.25
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sachin Nirgudkar -- -- ` 01.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
[page 234]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
229
7. Sales of Goods
Toyal MMP India Private 
Limited
` 1,801.51 
(P. Y .` 2,027.19)
-- -- --
8. Receipts of Job Work 
Charges
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 277.06
(P. Y . ` 262.49)
-- -- --
9. Reimbursement of Expenses 
Incurred
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` NIL
(P. Y . ` 00.87)
-- -- --
10. Receipts of Unsecured Loans
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 150.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Mayank Bhandari -- -- ` 130.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
11. Payment of Dividend
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 139.19
(P. Y . ` 104.39)
--
Shri Mayank Bhandari -- -- ` 11.31
(P. Y . ` 08.48)
--
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 65.12
(P. Y . ` 48.84)
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 07.81
(P. Y . ` 05.86)
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- -- ` 04.48
(P. Y . ` 03.36)
Master Vivaan Bhandari -- -- -- ` 29.19
(P. Y . ` 21.89)
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 23.16
(P. Y . ` 17.37)
-- -- --
Mayank Fasteners Private 
Limited
-- ` 95.69
(P. Y . ` 71.77)
-- --
 Rohini Farms and Agriculture 
Private Limited
-- ` 02.48
(P. Y . ` 01.86)
-- --
12. Share of Profit / Losses of 
Associate Company
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` 742.70
(P. Y . ` 567.93)
-- -- --
Toyal MMP India Private 
Limited
` 78.09
(P. Y . ` 45.74)
-- -- --
13. Other Comprehensive 
Income of Associate 
Company
Star Circlips and Engineering 
Limited
` (168.32)
{P. Y . ` (32.30)}
-- -- --
Toyal MMP India Private 
Limited
` 00.37
{P. Y . ` (00.27)}
-- -- --
[page 235]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
230
Balances payable / receivable to the related parties as on March 31, 2026 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
S. 
No.
Particulars Associate 
Company
Related 
Companies
Key Managerial 
Person
Relative of Key 
Managerial Person
1. Director Remuneration and 
Salary
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 05.46
 (P. Y . ` 05.46)
--
Shri Lalit Bhandari -- -- ` 01.60
(P. Y . ` 01.60)
--
Shri Narasimham Murthy 
Tenneti
-- -- ` 00.97
(P. Y . ` 01.09)
--
Shri Sharad Khandelwal -- -- ` 01.03
(P. Y . ` 00.46)
--
Smt. Madhura Singh -- -- ` 00.82
(P. Y . ` 00.82)
--
Smt. Saroj Bhandari -- -- -- ` 02.77
(P. Y . ` 02.75)
Smt. Sakshi Bhandari -- -- -- ` 01.30
(P. Y . ` 01.30)
2. Trade Receivables
Toyal MMP India Private 
Limited
` 03.45 (Dr.) 
{P.Y . ` 43.77 
(Dr.)}
-- -- --
3. Director Sitting Fees 
Payable
Shri Vijay Singh Bapna -- -- ` 00.63
 (P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sunil Khanna -- -- ` 00.63
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sanjay Sancheti -- -- ` 00.68
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Smt. Ulka Kulkarni -- -- ` 00.27
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Sachin Nirgudkar -- -- ` 00.45
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
4. Legal and Professional 
Charges Payable
Ms. Rohini Bhandari -- -- ` 02.25
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
5. Unsecured Loans
Shri Arun Bhandari -- -- ` 150.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
Shri Mayank Bhandari -- -- ` 130.00
(P. Y . ` NIL)
--
[page 236]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
231
“Note No. 47 - Additional Regulatory Information as required by the Schedule - III of the Companies Act, 2013”
i)  The Companies included in the Group has utilized the borrowings from banks and financial institutions for the purposes 
for which they were obtained, as at the balance sheet date. The Companies included in the Group has not defaulted in the 
repayment of principal or payment of interest thereon in respect of any borrowings from banks and financial institutions 
during the current and previous reporting periods.
ii)  The title deeds in respect of self-constructed building and title deeds of all other immovable properties (other than 
properties where the Companies included in the Group is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour 
of the Companies included in the Group), disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and included under Property, 
Plants and Equipment, are held in the name of the Companies included in the Group as at the balance sheet date. In 
respect of immovable properties taken on lease by the Companies included in the Group, the lease agreements are duly 
executed in favour of the Companies included in the Group as at the balance sheet date.
iii)  There are no loans and advances in the nature of loans are granted to promoters, directors, key managerial parties and 
other related parties including the subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013), 
either, severally and jointly with any other person.
a)  repayable on demand or;
b)  without specifying ant terms or period of repayment.
iv)  The Companies included in the Group does not hold any benami property in its name. Further, no proceedings have been 
initiated or are pending against the Companies included in the Group under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 
1988 (as amended) (45 of 1988) and the Rules made thereunder in respect of any alleged benami property.
v)  The Companies included in the Group has been sanctioned working capital limits from banks and financial institutions 
on the basis of security of current assets. The monthly / quarterly returns and the statements filed by the Companies 
included in the Group with such banks and financial institutions are in agreements with the books of accounts of the 
Companies included in the Group.
vi)  The Companies included in the Group has not been declared a willful defaulter by any banks, financial institutions, or 
other lenders, nor by the government or any government authorities.
vii)  The Companies included in the Group has not entered into any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 
of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956, Accordingly, the details in this regard are not 
applicable and have not been furnished.
viii)  The Companies included in the Group does not have any charges or satisfaction of charges, which are pending registration 
with the Registrar of Company beyond the statutory period.
ix)  The Companies included in the Group has complied with the requirements relating to the number of layers of subsidiaries 
as prescribed under section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Restriction on number of 
layers) Rules, 2017.
x)  Utilization of borrowed funds and share premium
1)  The Companies included in the Group has not advanced, loaned, or invested any funds to any other persons or 
entities, including foreign entities (intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediaries shall:
a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Companies included in the Group (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or;
b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate beneficiaries.
2)  The Companies included in the Group has not received any funds from any persons or entities, including foreign 
entities (Funding Parties) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Companies 
included in the Group shall:
a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or;
b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate beneficiaries.
xi)  There have been no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the current reporting period and previous reporting period in course of tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
xii)  The Companies included in the Group has neither traded in, nor invested in, nor advanced any funds in Crypto Currency 
or Virtual Currency, during the current reporting period as well as the previous reporting period.
[page 237]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
232
48 List of Subsidiaries and Associates included in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
S. 
No.
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
Indian Subsidiary Companies
1 MMP Electricals Private Limited 100.00% 100.00%
2 MMP Cables Private Limited 100.00% 0.00%
3 MMP Alutech Private Limited 100.00% 0.00%
Indian Associate Companies
1 Star Circlips and Engineering Limited 26.06% 26.06%
2 Toyal MMP India Private Limited 26.00% 26.00%
 All the entities included in these consolidated financial statements and considered for the purpose of consolidation 
have their principal place of business in India. Accordingly, the Group operates through entities incorporated and 
carrying on business activities primarily within India. 
49 Investment in Associate Companies
a) Star Circlips and Engineering Limited
 The Parent holds a 26.06% equity interest in Star Circlips and Engineering Limited (the "Associate"), a company 
engaged in the manufacture of automobile spare parts, including circlips, retaining rings, shims, and other metal sheet 
components. The Associate is an unlisted company, and its equity shares are not quoted on any recognized stock 
exchange. The Group accounts for its investment in the Associate using the "Equity Method" in accordance with Ind 
AS 28, "Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures". Under the equity method, the investment is initially recognized 
at cost and subsequently adjusted to recognize the Group's share of the Associate's post-acquisition profits or losses 
and other comprehensive income, net of any dividends received. The following table presents the summarized financial 
information of the Associate, based on its financial statements, together with the reconciliation to the carrying amount 
of the Group's investment and the Group's share of the Associate's net assets and results of operations
S. 
No.
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
1 Current Assets  13,553.03  13,098.97 
2 Non - Current Assets  9,644.25  8,362.03 
3 Current Liabilities  3,083.94  3,406.25 
4 Non - Current Liabilities  1,831.60  1,938.53 
5 Equity  18,281.73  16,116.21 
6 Proporation of the Group's ownership interest 26.06% 26.06%
7 Carrying amount of the Group's interest  4,764.68  4,200.29 
S. 
No.
Particulars 2025-2026 2024-2025
 `  `
1 Total Revenue  19,301.14  16,628.44 
2 Cost of Material Consumed  7,892.74  7,164.06 
3 Changes in Inventories  41.79  (148.95)
4 Employee Benefits Expense  4,348.95  3,380.52 
5 Finance Costs  152.72  112.60 
6 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  729.29  722.99 
7 Other Expenses  2,255.57  2,180.88 
8 Profit Before Tax (PBT)  3,880.07  3,216.35 
9 Tax Expenses  1,030.40  1,037.22 
10 Profit for the period ended  2,849.67  2,179.12 
11 The Group's share of profit for the period  742.70  567.93 
12 The Group's share of OCI for the period  (168.32)  (32.30)
13 The Group's total comprehensive income for the period  574.37  535.63 
[page 238]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
233
 During the reporting period, Star Circlips and Engineering Limited did not have any contingent liabilities or capital 
commitments. Accordingly, the Associate reported contingent liabilities of ₹ NIL (Prev Year: ₹ NIL) and capital 
commitments of ₹ NIL (Prev Year: ₹ NIL) as at the reporting date.
b) Toyal MMP India Private Limited
 The Parent holds a 26.00% equity interest in Toyal MMP India Private Limited (the "Associate"), a company engaged in 
the manufacture, sale, and distribution of aluminium powder and aluminium paste. The Associate is an unlisted company, 
and its equity shares are not quoted on any recognized stock exchange. The Group accounts for its investment in the 
Associate using the "Equity Method" in accordance with Ind AS 28, "Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures". 
Under the equity method, the investment is initially recognized at cost and subsequently adjusted for the Group's share 
of the Associate's post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income, net of dividends received. The 
following table presents the summarized financial information of the Associate, based on its financial statements, 
together with the Group's share in its net assets and results of operations
S. 
No.
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
1 Current Assets  3,690.62  2,693.25 
2 Non - Current Assets  3,527.39  3,556.59 
3 Current Liabilities  4,698.45  1,480.80 
4 Non - Current Liabilities  35.02  2,586.25 
5 Equity  2,484.54  2,182.79 
6 Proporation of the Group's ownership interest 26.00% 26.00%
7 Carrying amount of the Group's interest  645.98  567.53 
S. 
No.
Particulars 2025-2026 2024-2025
 `  `
1 Total Revenue  7,434.19  6,093.37 
2 Cost of Material Consumed  5,923.51  4,718.80 
3 Changes in Inventories  (464.02)  (212.82)
4 Employee Benefits Expense  311.02  294.81 
5 Finance Costs  161.99  128.02 
6 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  235.47  235.87 
7 Other Expenses  857.32  686.20 
8 Profit Before Tax (PBT)  408.90  242.49 
9 Income Tax Expenses  108.57  66.56 
10 Profit for the period ended  300.33  175.93 
11 The Group's share of profit for the period  78.09  45.74 
12 The Group's share of OCI for the period  0.37  (0.27)
13 The Group's total comprehensive income for the period  78.45  45.47 
 During the reporting period, Star Circlips and Engineering Limited did not have any contingent liabilities or capital 
commitments. Accordingly, the Associate reported contingent liabilities of ₹ NIL (Prev Year: ₹ NIL) and capital 
commitments of ₹ NIL (Prev Year: ₹ NIL) as at the reporting date 
[page 239]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
234
50 Additional Information as required under Schedule - III to the Companies Act, 2013, of enterprises consolidated as Subsidiaries and Associates
S. No. Name of the 
Company
Net Assets (Total Assets 
- Total Liabilities)
Share in Profit or Loss Share in Other Comprehensive 
Income
Share in Total Comprehensive 
Income
31.03.2026 31.03.2026 31.03.2026 31.03.2026
As % of 
Consolidated 
Net Assets
Net 
Assets
As % of 
Consolidated 
Profit or Loss
Profit/ 
(Loss)
As % of Other 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive 
Income
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
As % of Total 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
Parent Company
1 MMP Industries 
Limited
89.41% 30,403.36 84.91% 2,632.95 41.33%  (118.33) 89.34%  2,514.62
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
1 MMP Electricals 
Private Limited
-1.02%  (347.72) -10.88% (337.37) 0.00%  - -11.99%  (337.37)
2 MMP Cables Private 
Limited
-0.04%  (12.22) -0.39%  (12.22) 0.00%  - -0.43%  (12.22)
3 MMP Alutech Private 
Limited
-0.01%  (3.22) -0.10%  (3.22) 0.00%  - -0.11%  (3.22)
Associates
1 Star Circlips and 
Engineering Limited
13.72%  4,666.85 23.95%  742.70 58.80%  (168.32) 20.41%  574.37
2 Toyal MMP India 
Private Limited
-2.07%  (702.25) 2.52%  78.09 -0.13%  0.37 2.79%  78.45
Total..(`) 100.00% 34,004.81 100.00% 3,100.93 100.00%  (286.29) 100.00%  2,814.64
[page 240]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
235
S. No. Name of the 
Company
Net Assets (Total Assets 
- Total Liabilities)
Share in Profit or Loss Share in Other Comprehensive 
Income
Share in Total Comprehensive 
Income
31.03.2025 31.03.2025 31.03.2025 31.03.2025
As % of 
Consolidated 
Net Assets
Net 
Assets
As % of 
Consolidated 
Profit or Loss
Profit/ 
(Loss)
As % of Other 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive 
Income
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
As % of Total 
Consolidated 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
Parent Company
1 MMP Industries 
Limited
87.76% 28,386.82 84.48% 3,284.22 42.26%  (23.84) 85.10%  3,260.38 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
1 MMP Electricals 
Private Limited
-0.03%  (10.34) -0.27%  (10.34) 0.00%  -   -0.27%  (10.34)
2 MMP Cables Private 
Limited
0.00%  -   0.00%  -   0.00%  -   0.00%  -   
3 MMP Alutech Private 
Limited
0.00%  -   0.00%  -   0.00%  -   0.00%  -   
Associates
1 Star Circlips and 
Engineering Limited
12.68%  4,102.46 14.61%  567.93 57.26%  (32.30) 13.98%  535.63 
2 Toyal MMP India 
Private Limited
-0.42%  (134.74) 1.18%  45.74 0.48%  (0.27) 1.19%  45.47 
Total..(`) 100.00% 32,344.20 100.00% 3,887.55 100.00%  (56.41) 100.00%  3,831.13 
[page 241]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
236
51 Contingent Liabilities
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
Contingent Liabilities
a) Bank Guarantees given by the Companies included in the Group's Banker's 
towards the MSEDCL Security Deposits and Others
 445.72  413.13 
b) Bill discounted by the Companies included in the Group's Banker's under the 
Letter of Credit
 -    104.43 
Total...(`)  445.72  517.57 
52 Capital and Other Commitments
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
 `  `
Capital Commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed by the Group on 
Capital and not provided for;
towards Property, Plants and Equipment  5,642.27  537.34 
towards Other Intangible Assets  -    -   
Total Capital Commitments…(`)(A)  5,642.27  537.34 
Other Commitments
Bill discounted and letter of credit issued by the Group's Bankers  -    104.43 
For derivative contract related commitments  1,979.34  -   
Total Other Commitments…(`)(B)  1,979.34  104.43 
Total...(`)(A + B)  7,621.61  641.78 
53 Corporate Social Responsibilities
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is required to spend a 
minimum of 2% of its average net profits of the immediately preceding three financial years on eligible Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The activities covered under CSR include, among others, eradication of hunger 
and malnutrition, promotion of education, healthcare, environmental sustainability, rural development projects, disaster 
relief, art and culture, and rehabilitation initiatives as prescribed under Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The Parent has constituted a CSR Committee in compliance with the requirements of the Act to oversee the implementation, 
monitoring and governance of CSR initiatives undertaken by the Parent.
a)  The amount required to be spent by the Parent towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in 
accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII thereto, during 
the reporting period ended March 31, 2026, is ₹ 68.60 Lakhs (Prev Year ₹ 59.82 Lakhs).
b)  The Parent has incurred expenditure of ₹ 68.60 Lakhs towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities 
during the reporting period. Of the total expenditure incurred, ₹ NIL relates to obligations or commitments 
pertaining to earlier financial periods but spent during the current financial year (Prev Year ₹ 59.82 Lakhs).
[page 242]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
237
2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
 `  `
Corporate Social Responsibilities
Other CSR Activities  11.10  12.92 
Healths  0.97  1.84 
Educations  55.80  41.96 
Sports for Developments  0.63  0.54 
Environments  0.10  2.57 
Total…(`)  68.60  59.82 
c) The Parent has not undertaken any additional commitment towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
expenditure for achieving the prescribed spending requirement of 2% of the average net profits of the three 
immediately preceding financial years under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Prev Year ₹ NIL). Further, 
it is confirmed that no amount of CSR expenditure incurred during the current or previous reporting periods has 
been paid to or incurred through related parties.
54 Dividend  
2025 - 2026 2024 - 2025
 `  `
Dividend
Final Dividend paid on Equity Shares  508.05  381.04 
Total…(`)  508.05  381.04 
 The Board of Directors of the Parent has not declared any interim dividend during the current reporting period as well as 
the previous reporting period. Further, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 23, 2025, had recommended a 
final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupees Two only) per equity share of face value ₹ 10 each for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025. The said dividend was subsequently approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) held 
on September 8, 2025, resulting in an aggregate cash outflow of ₹ 508.05 Lakhs.
 Proposed Dividend
 The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on May 23, 2026, have recommended a final dividend of ₹ 2.00 (Rupee 
Two Only) per equity share of face value ₹ 10 each, i.e., 20% of the face value, for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026. Accordingly, the Parent has proposed a final dividend aggregating to ₹ 508.05 Lakhs, subject to the approval of 
the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Since the same is subject to shareholder approval, it 
has not been recognized as a liability in the consolidated financial statements.
55 Details of Hedge and Unhedged Exposures in Foreign Currency Denominated Monetary Items  
A) Exposure in Foreign Currency - Hedged  
 The Companies included in the Group enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency 
risks arising from underlying transactions and firm commitments. Such derivative instruments are entered into solely for 
risk management purposes and not for trading or speculative purposes during the current reporting period as well as the 
previous reporting period. The details of forward exchange contracts outstanding as at the reporting date and used for 
hedging foreign currency exposures are as follows:
[page 243]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
238
31.03.2026 31.03.2026
 $/€  `
Hedged Exposures
Forward Contract to Sell USD ($) as at March 31, 2026  5.76  522.15 
Forward Contract to Sell EURO (€) as at March 31, 2026  13.68  1,457.19 
B) Exposure in Foreign Currency - Unhedged
 The foreign currency exposures which are not hedged during the reporting period and previous reporting period are as 
under:
i) Payable during the Reporting Period
Payable (In Foreign Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  0.49  0.10 
EURO (€)  0.08  4.43 
Payable (In Indian Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  46.13  8.56 
EURO (€)  9.06  409.38 
ii) Receivable during the Reporting Period
Receivable (In Foreign Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    0.47 
EURO (€)  2.47  7.29 
Receivable (In Indian Currency)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
 `  `
Foreign Currency - Unhedged
USD ($)  -    40.51 
EURO (€)  269.66  673.13 
56 Loss on Accounts of Fire
 On April 11, 2025, at approximately 6:45 PM, a major explosion and fire broke out in one section of the Aluminium 
Powder Division of the Parent situated at the Umred Plant. Due to the swift and effective response of the emergency 
evacuation team, all individuals present at the site were promptly evacuated. However, despite these efforts, the Parent 
deeply regrets the unfortunate loss of certain workmen, while a few individuals sustained minor injuries. The management 
of the Parent is profoundly saddened by this tragic incident and extends its heartfelt condolences to the families of the 
deceased.
[page 244]
53rd Annual Report 2025-26 MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED
239
 During the reporting period, the Parent incurred losses arising from the said fire incident comprising inventory loss of 
₹ 671.45 Lakhs, property, plants and equipment loss of ₹ 338.92 Lakhs and employee compensation including medical 
treatment expenses amounting to ₹ 661.64 Lakhs, net of disposal of debris. The incident was duly reported to the 
insurance company and, based on the final claim assessment, an insurance claim receivable amounting to ₹ 793.05 
Lakhs has been recognized in the books of account. Accordingly, the net loss arising from the fire incident amounting to 
₹ 878.96 Lakhs has been disclosed as an "Exceptional Item" in the consolidated statement of profit and loss for the year 
ended March 31, 2026.
57 Earnings Per Share  (Amount ` in Lakhs, except earnings per share and number of share data)
2025-2026 2024-2025
 `  `
Net Profit / (Loss) after tax as per the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
attributable to the holder of Equity Shares
 3,100.93  3,887.55 
Nominal Value of Equity Shares (`)  10.00  10.00 
Weighted average number of Equity shares used as denominator for calculating the 
earnings per share
 25,402,613  25,402,613 
Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share...(`)  12.21  15.30 
58 The consolidated financial statements are approved for issue by the Audit Committee at its meeting held on May 23, 
2026, and by the Board of Directors on their meeting held on May 23, 2026.. 
59 Previous years audited figures has been regrouped / recasted / rearranged wherever necessary to make them comparable 
for the purpose of preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements.
SIGNATURE TO THE NOTE “1” TO NOTE “59”
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    1
THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE FORMING INTEGRAL PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
For MANISH N JAIN & CO.
Chartered Accountants
FRN No.: 0138430W
Sd/-
ARUN BHANDARI 
Managing Director 
DIN No.: 00008901 
Sd/-
LALIT BHANDARI
Director
DIN No.: 00010934
Sd/-
ARPIT AGRAWAL
Partner
Membership No. 175398
Sd/-
SHARAD 
KHANDELWAL
Chief Financial Officer
Sd/-
MADHURA SINGH 
Company Secretary
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
Place: Nagpur
Dated: May 23, 2026
UDIN No.: 26175398IERZUL4696
[page 245]
NOTES
[page 246]
NOTES
[page 247]
Design & Printed by : DJ Mediaprint & Logistics Ltd. (sales@djcorp.in)
