[page 1]
 
 
Date: 12.09.2026 
 
To, 
The       Manager,        Listing     Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange    Plaza”,         C - 1,      Block  G, 
Bandra  – Kurla   Complex,   Bandra   (East), 
M U M B A I     –     4 0 0  0 5 1,    MH,   IN 
NSE SCRIPT CODE – MMP 
Sub:  Outcome or Proceedings of the Fifty-Third (53) Annual General Meeting of the 
Shareholders (Members) of the Company held on Saturday, 12th September 2026 
through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’) facility 
 
Ref:  Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Fifty Third (53) Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) of the Shareholders (Members) of the Company was held on Saturday, 12th 
September 2026 at 11:04 A.M. through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/Other Audio Visual Means 
(‘OAVM’) facility. 
 
The Shareholders (Members) of the Company, subject to results of e -voting has duly noted and 
considered the following agenda item/s placed before the Fifty-Third (53) Annual General 
Meeting of the Company as set out in the Notice dated 10th August, 2026 convening the AGM: 
 
1.  To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone & 
Consolidated) of the Company for the year 2025 -26 ended 31st March 2026, 
comprising of the Balance Sheet as at 31st March 2026, Statement of Profit & Loss and 
Statement of Cash Flow for the year 2025 -26 ended 31st March 2026, together with 
the Report of the Statutory Auditors and Board’s Report thereon.  
2. To declare a final dividend of Rs. 2/ - per equity sha re for the year ended March 31, 
2026; 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Mayank Bhandari, (DIN - 01176865), [Category – 
Non Executive], who retires by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself for re -
appointment. 
4.     Ratification of Remuneration of Cost Auditors of the Company. 
5.  Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Arun Bhandari as Managing Director above age of 70 
years for his term upto 31st January, 2028. 
6. Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Lalit Bhandari as Whole Time Director (Executive 
Director) as Whole -time Director for his term upto 31st March, 2027 and consider and 
approve his appointment for term of 5 years upto 31st March, 2032. 
[page 2]
 
 
7.  To ratify and approve the appointment of M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secreta ries, as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five 
consecutive financial years commencing from FY 2025-26 up to FY 2029-30. 
8.  To appoint Mr. Raj Sethia (DIN - 03203265) [Category –Non- Executive, Independent] as 
Director for term of 5 years. 
9.  To appoint Dr. Sanjay Arora (DIN - 03203265) [Category –Non- Executive, Independent] as 
Director for term of 5 years. 
 
The brief profile of the Director /s sought appointment or re -appointment is attached as an 
Annexure. 
 
The Scrutinizer’s Report together with results in respect of e -voting shall be submitted to the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), immediately on receipt of the same, wi thin the 
prescribed time period and also, be posted on the website of the Company. 
 
You are therefore, kindly requested to place the aforesaid information on records and do the 
needful.  
 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Madhura Singh 
CS & Compliance Officer                          
Encl: As Above. 
 
BRIEF PROFILE OF DIRECTOR/S SEEKING APPOINTMENT / RE-APPOINTMENT 
 
 Mr. Mayank Bhandari, DIN – 01176865 
Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari. He holds a Master ‘s degree in Manufacturing Engineering from 
the University of Warwick, England. He has experience of about 20 years in Aluminium 
Powders and Paste business, with specific area as Project Management. 
 
 Mr. Arun Bhandari, DIN – 00008901 
Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, He holds a Bachelor ‘s degree in Technology in Chemical 
Engineering from the Banaras Hindu University, Banaras, India. He has experience of about 45 
years in the manufacture of pyro technique aluminium powder, paste and conductors and also 
manufacturing of circlips, retaining rings and other carbon steel stampings and formed 
components. 
 Mr. Lalit Bhandari, DIN – 00010934 
Mr. Lali t Ranjeet Raj Bhandari, qualified as a Graduate, has been associated with the MMP 
Group of Companies since Year 1981. He has worked at various positions and has experience of 
about 40 years in the Aluminium powder and paste business and specifically, in pr oject 
management. 
 
MADHU
RA ALOK 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by MADHURA 
ALOK SINGH 
Date: 2026.09.12 
16:44:03 +05'30'
[page 3]
 
 
 Mr. Raj Sethia, DIN – 03203265 
Raj Sethia brings 30+ years of cross -sector leadership across corporate finance, strategy, 
business development, HR, high -growth operations, and P&L management -  with the last 3 
years focused on deep tech venture investing. His career spans FMCG, Telecom, and Digital 
Infrastructure, and now Defence & Aerospace, Space Economy, Critical Communications, and 
other sovereign-critical sectors. 
 He is currently Founder & Managing Partner of MountTech Growth Fund (Kavachh), a Category 
II AIF (Venture Capital Fund). 
His long tenure as EVP & CXO at Vodafone - including a stint as Founder CEO of a start -up 
backed by two global telecom leaders - gives him deep operational and governance experience 
across business stages  and scale. Earlier in his career, he held Finance & Commercial roles at 
global FMCG leaders PepsiCo and Pernod Ricard. 
 He holds a B.Com (Honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata; a CMA from ICMA (USA); and an 
MBA from Wake Forest University School of Business, North Carolina, USA. 
 
 Dr. Sanjay Arora, DIN – 08518801 
Dr. Sanjay Arora is a distinguished marketing strategist, entrepreneur, and academic with over 
39 years of experience in brand management, marketing communications, and business 
strategy. He holds a Ph.D. in Brand Management, Marketing Communication & Cons umer 
Behaviour, an MBA, and has completed executive programmes in Brand Management and 
Digital Marketing from IIM Bangalore. 
 
He is the Founder of Shells Advertising Inc., one of Central India's leading advertising agencies, 
and has been instrumental in ex panding its presence internationally. A sought -after keynote 
speaker and 14-time TEDx speaker, Dr. Arora is a mentor at IIM Nagpur's incubation centre and 
serves on the Boards of Studies of reputed academic institutions. He is also a prolific author, 
with a forthcoming book on marketing. 
 
His expertise in marketing, branding, entrepreneurship, and strategic management brings 
significant value to the Board and contributes to the Company's long -term growth and 
governance. 
[page 4]
PROCEEDINGS OF THE FIFTY THIRD (52) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF 
MMP INDUSTRIES LIMITED HELD ON SATURDAY, THE 12TH DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 202 6 AT 
11.04 A. M. THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING ("VC") OR OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS 
("OAVM"). 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Name of the Company  : MMP Industries Limited 
Serial Number of the Meeting : Fifty Third 
Type of the Meeting  : Annual General Meeting of the Members 
of the Company 
Day and Date of the Meeting : Saturday, 12th September, 2026 
 
Deemed Venue of the Meeting : Corporate Office of the Company 
situated at B -24, MIDC Industrial Area, 
Hingna Road, Nagpur – 440016 
DIRECTORS PRESENT THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING: 
 
1. Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari : Chairman & Managing Director 
2. Mr. Lalit Bhandari : Whole-time Director 
3. Mr. Sanjay Sacheti : Independent Director 
4. Mr. Raj Sethia : Independent Director 
5. Mr. Mayank Arun Bhandari                                             : Director (Non -Executive) 
6. Ms. Ulka Kulkarni : Independent Director 
7. Mr. Sachin Nirgudkar : Independent Director 
8. Mr. T. N. Murthy : Whole – Time Director 
9. Ms. Rohini Bhandari : Director (Non –Executive) 
ALSO PRESENT THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING: 
1. Mr. Sharad Mohan Lal Khandelwal : Chief Financial Officer 
2. Ms. Madhura Singh : Company Secretary 
3. CA Arpit Agrawal : Partner, M/s Manish Jain & Co., 
Chartered Accountants, Nagpur 
(Statutory Auditor) 
4. CS Vaibhav Jachak 
 
 
 
   
:             
Secretarial Auditor & Scrutinizer (M/s 
Vaibhav Jachak & Co, Company 
Secretaries, Nagpur)  
MEMBERS PRESENT THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING/OTHER AUDIO -VISUAL MEANS – 
40 (FORTY) 
 
 
Time of commencement of Meeting  : 11:04 A.M. (IST)  
 
 
 
 
[page 5]
PROCEEDINGS: 
 
STATUTORY RECORDS AND REGISTERS: 
The Statutory records, Statutory Register/s and such other documents as required to be 
maintained by the Company were made available as per the provisions of law. 
 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING: 
 
As per Article 113 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Chairman of the Company 
shall be the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. 
 
Mr. Arun Raghuvirraj Bhandari, Chairman & Managing Director of the Company took the chair 
and presided over the 53rd Annual General Meeting of the Company held through Video 
Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio -Visual Means, without the physical presence of the 
Members at a common venue, as per the provisions of the Companies  Act, 2013, the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and the Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 
 
QUORUM: 
 
Requisite valid quorum i. e. minimum Thirty (30)  members were pr esent through Other 
Audio-Visual Means at the commencement of the meeting, the Chairman declared the 
meeting open and welcomed the Members present. Since there was no physical attendance 
of Members and in compliance with the Circulars issued by the MCA, Members were informed 
that the requirement of appointing proxies is not applicable. The requisite valid quorum was 
also present while continuation of the meeting and transacting all the business agenda items. 
 
INTRODUCTION: 
 
The Directors present at the Meeting through VC from the various locations in India and 
abroad were welcomed and Chairman introduced them to the Members. 
 
The Chairman further informed the Members that, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, 
representatives of Statutory Auditors, Sec retarial Auditors & Scrutinizers for processing the 
remote e-voting and the e-voting at the AGM, were also present at the Meeting through VC. 
 
The Chairman further informed that the Chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee was  present at the meeting. The Company Secretary of the 
Company was also present. 
 
CHAIRMAN'S SPEECH: 
 
The Chairman in his speech (in brief), informed the Members of the Company about the world 
and Indian economic scenario and outlook, Indian and global indu stry outlook overall 
performance of the Company, market scenario, opportunities and threats. 
 
[page 6]
The Chairman further informed the Members about the performance of various business 
sectors of the Company namely Aluminium Powers, Aluminium Foils and Aluminium 
Conductors, Polymer Insulators, etc. and their future outlook. 
 
The Chairman also informed the Members about the Board has recommended maiden final 
dividend @ 20% i.e., Rs. 2/- per equity share declared by the Company for the FY 2025-26 for 
the approval of Member in the 53rd AGM. 
 
NOTICE CONVENING THE 49TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING: 
 
The Notice dated 10th August, 202 6 convening the 53rd Annual General Meeting of the 
Members of the Company, circulated to the members and was taken as read with the consent 
of all. 
 
REPORT OF THE STATUTORY AUDITORS: 
 
The Independent Auditors' Report for the financial statement/s (Standalone & Consolidated) 
of the Company for the Financial Year 202 5-26 forming an integral part of the 53rd Annual 
Report of the Company, was already  circulated to the Members and other/s, entitled to 
receive the same and with the consent of the Members present in the meeting, the 
Independent Auditors' Report/s of the Statutory Auditors' for the financial statement/s 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the Financial Year 202 5-26 were taken as 
read. There were no qualifications, observations or adverse remarks in the Statutory Auditor's 
and Secretarial Auditor's Reports. 
 
e-VOTING: 
 
It was informed to the members, that as per the provisions of  Section 108 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
including amendment thereof and as per Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Lis ting Regulations), Members have been 
provided with the facility to cast their vote on the resolutions proposed to be passed in this 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) by electronic means (remote e -voting) as well as e-voting in 
the AGM. 
 
It was also apprised to the members that the facility for e -voting is available at the AGM for 
the members who are present and did not cast their votes through remote e-voting. 
 
The business item/s as set out in the Notice of 53rd AGM were taken up by the Chairman for 
consideration of the members of the Company present: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS: 
 
1.  To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone & 
Consolidated) of the Company for the year 202 5-26 ended 31st March 202 6, 
comprising of the Balance S heet as at 31st March 202 6, Statement of Profit & Loss 
and Statement of Cash F low for the year 202 5-26 ended 31st March 202 6, together 
[page 7]
with the Report of the Statutory Auditors and Board’s Report thereon.  
2. To declare a final dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share for the year ended March 31, 
2026; 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Mayank Bhandari, (DIN - 01176865), [Category 
– Non Executive], who retires by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself for re -
appointment. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
4.     Ratification of Remuneration of Cost Auditors of the Company. 
5.  Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Arun Bhandari as Managing Director above age of 
70 years for his term upto 31st January, 2028. 
6. Continuation of Appointment of Mr. Lalit Bhandari as Whole Time Director (Executive 
Director) as Whole -time Director for his term upto 31st March, 2027 and consider and 
approve his appointment for term of 5 years upto 31st March, 2032. 
7.  To ratify and approve the appointment of M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Associa tes, Practicing 
Company Secretaries, as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five 
consecutive financial years commencing from FY 2025-26 up to FY 2029-30. 
8.  To appoint Mr. Raj Sethia (DIN - 03203265) [Category –Non- Executive, Independent] as 
Director for term of 5 years. 
9.  To appoint Dr. Sanjay Arora (DIN - 03203265) [Category –Non- Executive, Independent] 
as Director for term of 5 years. 
 
The Chairman once again informed the members that the proposed resolutions are open for 
e-voting. He further informed that only those Members of the Company who have not voted 
through 'remote e -voting' facility and are attending this Annual General Meeting can cast 
their votes through e-voting system in the AGM and up to 15 minutes after the conclusion of 
the AGM. 
 
The Chairman informed the Members that M/s Vaibhav Jachak & Co., Company Secretaries, 
who act as scrutinizer shall submit their report, as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rules made there under. The Scrutinizer's Report shall be based on the results 
of the remote e-voting and e-voting in the AGM. The results of the aforesaid Nine (9) Ordinary 
/ Special businesses shall be declared as per the provisions of the Act read with Rules made 
there under by the Chairman of the Meeting or the person authorized by him for the purpose. 
 
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING THEREAFTER DECLARED THE MEETING AS CONCLUDED 
WITH A VOTE OF THANKS.  
 
TIME OF CONCLUSION OF MEETING: 11:35 a.m. (IST) 
.  
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Madhura Singh 
CS & Compliance Officer                 
MADHURA 
ALOK 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
MADHURA ALOK 
SINGH 
Date: 2026.09.12 
16:46:06 +05'30'
