[page 1]
 
1 
 
 
Friday, 21st August, 2026 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
  
Sub:  Investors Press Release for Export Order Worth US$100,000 from Venezuela 
Ref: NSE Script Code - MMP 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, kindly find enclose Investor Press release for Export 
Order Worth US$100,000 from Venezuela. Kindly disseminate the same on website.  
 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Madhura Singh   
CS & Compliance Officer 
Add: Nagpur 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MADHU
RA ALOK 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by MADHURA 
ALOK SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.21 
13:23:01 +05'30'
[page 2]
 
 
 
 M M P  I N D U S T R I E S L I M I T E D  |  W W W . M M P I L . C O M  | Q 2 F Y 27 P R E S S  R E L E A S E  |  P A G E 1  O F  2  
Press Release – Q2FY27 
MMP Industries Limited www.mmpil.com | NSE: MMP | ISIN: INE511Y01018 
 
MMP Industries Limited Receives Export Order  
Worth US$100,000 from Venezuela 
Nagpur, India - 21 August 2026: MMP Industries Limited, a leading manufacturer of aluminium 
powders, aluminium foils, aluminium conductors and Polymer Insulators, has received export order 
aggregating to approximately US$100,000 from one of the leading distributors in Venezuela for the 
supply of AAA Conductors, Aluminium Triplex Cables and Polymer Insulators. 
The order mark further progress in the Company's efforts to expand its international presence and 
strengthen its customer base for Aluminium Conductors & Cables and Polymer Insulators. 
MMP Industries is strengthening its Polymer Insulator business alongside its established Aluminium 
Conductors and Cables business. Commercial supplies of Polymer Insulators to Nepal have 
commenced, while discussions with prospective customers in the United States and Latin America 
are progressing well, supported b y a healthy pipeline of enquiries . The Company is focused on 
expanding its presence across the transmission and distribution infrastructure segment , with 
Polymer Insulators complementing its Aluminium Cables and Conductors portfolio. 
 Mr. Arun Bhandari, Managing Director, MMP Industries Limited, said 
“We continue to focus on strengthening our established businesses while building new avenues of 
growth across our product portfolio. Aluminium Conductors and Cables, together with Polymer 
Insulators, represent an important part of our growth strategy in the transmission and distribution 
infrastructure segment. Our focus on backward integration, including the development of FRP rods 
and metal end fittings for Polymer Insulators and the Aluminium Wire Rod facility  supporting our 
downstream businesses, is aimed at enhancing supply chain efficiency, product quality and 
manufacturing capabilities. We believe these initiatives, combined with our expanding customer 
base, will enable us to build a stronger and more compe titive business across both domestic and 
international markets.” 
  
[page 3]
 
 
Press Release – Q2FY22 
M M P  I N D U S T R I E S L I M I T E D  |  W W W . M M P I L . C O M  | Q 2 F Y 27 P R E S S  R E L E A S E  |  P A G E 2  O F  2  
 
 
 About MMP Industries Limited 
MMP Industries Limited (MMPIL), registered in Nagpur, Maharashtra, is primarily engaged in the 
manufacture of aluminium products with its manufacturing plants  located in and around Nagpur 
city. The aluminium product range includes aluminium powders, aluminium foils and aluminium 
conductors/cables. Over the course of the last three decades of its operations, the company has 
become a globally recognized player in the aluminium powder field. 
 
 For Details, Please Contact 
 
MMP Industries Ltd. Stellar IR Advisors Pvt. Ltd. 
Mr. Sharad Khandelwal, CFO Mr. Akhilesh Gandhi, CFA | Mr. Harshit Kabra  
sharadk@mmpil.com akhilesh@stellar-ir.com | harshit@stellar-ir.com         
 
 
 Disclaimer 
Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, 
local, political or economic developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward -looking 
statements. MMP Industries Ltd. will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such 
statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward -looking statements to 
reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
