[page 1]
 
1 
 
 
Tuesday, 7th July, 2026 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
  
Sub:  Investors Press Release for Production Commencement of Low Tension Power Cables 
 
Ref: NSE Script Code - MMP 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, kindly find enclose Investor Press release for Production 
Commencement of Low Tension Power Cables as planned Greenfield expansion.  
Kindly disseminate the same on website.  
 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For MMP Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Madhura Ubale   
CS & Compliance Officer 
Add: Nagpur 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MADHUR
A ALOK 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by MADHURA 
ALOK SINGH 
Date: 2026.07.07 
18:04:57 +05'30'
[page 2]
 
 
 
 M M P  I N D U S T R I E S L I M I T E D  |  W W W . M M P I L . C O M  |  P R E S S  R E L E A S E  |  P A G E 1  O F  2  
Press Release 
MMP Industries Limited www.mmpil.com | NSE: MMP | ISIN: INE511Y01018 
Production Commencement of Low Tension Power Cables;  
Greenfield Expansion Progresses as Planned 
Nagpur, India – 7th July 2026 : MMP Industries Limited ("MMPIL"), a leading manufacturer of 
aluminium powders, aluminium foils, aluminium conductors/cables and polymer insulators, is 
pleased to announce the commencement of production of  Low Tension Power Cables (LTPC)  at its 
Bhandara manufacturing facility. This milestone marks the Company's strategic entry into the Low 
Tension Power Cable segment and represents another important step in expanding its portfolio of 
value-added electrical infrastructure products. 
 The production facility, with an installed capacity of 100 MT per month, has been established to 
support product validation, customer approvals and process optimisation while facilitating a 
phased scale-up of commercial operations and strengthening the Company's market presence.  
 Building on this milestone, MMPIL continues to progress with the development of its Greenfield 
Low Tension Power Cable and Covered Conductor manufacturing facility  at MIDC Umred, 
Maharashtra. The project, with a planned manufacturing capacity of 6,000 MTPA, is progressing 
in line with the Company's execution roadmap, with construction activities currently underway. 
 Upon completion, the Greenfield facility will significantly enhance MMPIL's manufacturing 
capabilities and strengthen its presence across the power transmission and distribution value 
chain. The expansion complements the Company's existing conductors business and forms part 
of its long-term strategy of increasing value addition through a diversified po rtfolio of electrical 
infrastructure products. 
 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Arun Bhandari, Managing Director, MMP Industries Limited , 
said: 
"The commencement of Low Tension Power Cable production represents another important milestone 
in our growth journey and reflects our continued focus on expanding into adjacent, value -added 
businesses that build on our core manufacturing capabilities. This initiative further strengthens our 
electrical infrastructure portfolio and reinforces our commitment to creating sustainable long -term 
value." 
"With continued investments across India's power transmission and distribution network, renewable 
energy and industrial infrastructure, we belie ve the demand for high -quality cable solutions will 
continue to grow. Our focus remains on disciplined execution, consistent product quality and building 
long-term customer relationships as we scale this business over the coming years." 
 
 
Management Commentary 
[page 3]
 
 
Press Release – Q2FY22 
M M P  I N D U S T R I E S L I M I T E D  |  W W W . M M P I L . C O M  |  P R E S S  R E L E A S E  |  P A G E 2  O F  2  
 
 
 
MMP Industries Limited (MMPIL), registered in Nagpur, Maharashtra, is primarily engaged in the 
manufacture of aluminium products with its manufacturing plants located in and around Nagpur city. 
The aluminium product range includes aluminiu m powders, aluminium foils , and aluminium 
conductors/cables and polymer insulators. Over the course of the last three decades of its operations, 
the company has become a globally recognized player in the aluminium powder field. 
 
 
MMP Industries Ltd. 
 
Stellar IR Advisors Pvt. Ltd. 
Mr. Sharad Khandelwal, CFO 
 
Mr. Akhilesh Gandhi, CFA | Mr. Harshit Kabra  
sharadk@mmpil.com akhilesh@stellar-ir.com | harshit@stellar-ir.com         
 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local, political or economic 
developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the relevant forward -looking statements. MMP Industries Ltd. will not be in any way responsible for 
any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward -looking 
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
For Details Please Contact: 
About MMP Industries Limited  
