NephroPlus (Nephrocare Health Services Limited) — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call — hosted by IIFL Capital
[Verbatim transcript as supplied by operator; auto-transcription, spelling/name errors preserved as-is. Management: Vikram Vuppala (Founder Chairman & MD), Kamal D Shah (Co-founder), Rohit Singh (Group CEO), Prashant Goenka (Group CFO).]

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nefroare Health Services Limited Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by IFL Capital. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as of date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertaintities that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on touchstone 4. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nam from Capital. Thank you and over to you Mr. Nan.

Thank you. Good morning everyone. Uh on behalf of Capital Services Limited, I welcome you all to on this conference call of network care health services. We are pleased to have with us the management team presented by Mr. Vikram Bukoda chairman and managing director, Mr. Kamala co-founder, Mr. Rohit Singh, group CEO and Mr. Pasham Goena groups chair of Nepro Health Services Limited. We will have opening remarks from the management followed by a question and answer session. Thank you and over to you.

Thank you. Very good morning everyone. This is This is Vikram Bupula, founder chairman and managing director. Uh thanks everyone for joining our first quarter of FI27 earnings conference call. Along with me I have Kamal the co-founder. Uh we have group CEO Rohit Singh and our group CFO Prashant Buena on this call. We began FI27 on a steady note with Q1 revenues growing more than 20% yearonear. This steady performance reflects the strength of the platform business we have built over the last 16 years supporting ed by disciplined execution, a resilient operating model and a continued trust of our patients, payers and hospital partners. The foundation of this platform was laid 16 years ago when we recognized that the growing prevalence of diabetes and hypertension would inevitably lead to a significant increase in chronic kidney disease. As kidney disease progresses, majority of these patients eventually move to the stage five where you require diialysis or a transplant to survive. However, we also realized that delivering diialysis at scale would require addressing three fundamental pillars. Quality of care, accessibility and affordability. These principles continue to guide every decision we make at Neoplas. Let me start our core pillar quality. Dialysis is fundamentally different from most other healthcare services. It is not an elective procedure or a one-time procedure. It is a chronic life sustaining treatment. Every dancer session enables a patient to live another few days. In Nephroplast, we take quality as the cornerstone and hence the quality team does not report into the business team. They report to the chief medical officer directly. This enables our quality managers to do their clinical audit work without any pressures from the P&L owners. Every clinic under goes a thorough clinical audit every month from one of the quality managers and all of our clinics across the network are ranked on clinical outcomes every month. The second pillar is accessibility. While affordability and quality supported through reimbursement and focus on clinical care, access to quality diialysis remains a much larger challenge. A patient typically requires diialysis three times every week and cannot be expected to travel long distances for every session. This is why we have consistently expanded beyond the metro cities in every country that we operate in. Bringing organized analysis air closer to where the patients live. Just this last quarter, we have launched Nephroplus in 17 new cities in India and five new cities in Philippines, which is a very important metric that Kamala and I track in terms of improving access to quality diialysis care. The third pillar is affordability. Dallas is a lifelong treatment and for most patients the financial burden can be overus. Fortunately, Dallas is covered under various central and state government health schemes. in India and in most other healthare systems globally it is fully reimbured by government in some form or manner. From the very beginning we built our business around this reimbursement model working closely with health insurance schemes, governments and other payers to ensure that financial constraints do not become a barrier to access to life sustaining treatment. With sincere focus on these three pillars, we have built one of the largest diialysis networks globally with nephroplast Today operating 550 clinics across 370 cities in five countries making us India's and also the Asia's largest diialysis network by volume of treatments we do. Our international operations continue to complement our India business allowing us to leverage the operating platform and capabilities we have built over several years. Also I would like to mention that India is still in the early days of the diialysis market life cycle. Majority of the patients who need diialysis still not have access to diialysis and also 80% of the diialysis capacity is still in the unorganized market wherein hospitals run their own diialysis operations. As hospitals evaluate their diialysis operations financials closely, they will start outsourcing diialysis operations to pure play diialysis networks like Nephroplas. Globally, hospitals do not run diialysis operations as you need two things to make decent margins in diialysis. You need massive scale and you need 100% focus. You need massive scale to generate margins in diialysis and you need 100% focus to retain those margins. This shift from unorganized to organized analysis market in India will pay out over next several years giving us good growth opportunity at a macro level. We have consistently communicated our growth is driven by three growths. The first is increasing guest volume across our existing clinics through higher util ization of capacity and potential capacity expansion with addition of machines. The second is expanding our footprint within the existing countries through addition of new clinics and selective small acquisitions. The third is entering new countries and pursuing strategic opportunities including large acquisitions and large PPPs, public private partnerships. Together these three levers provide us with visibility for sustainable long-term growth. Looking ahead, we'll continue to invest in expanding our network in existing markets, strengthening our best-in-class technology platform and selectively entering new markets while maintaining our unwavering focus on clinical excellence and disciplined capital allocation. With that, I now request Rohit to share his remarks on the business.

Thank you Victor. Good morning all and thanks for joining this earning call. I'll keep my remarks focused on three things. How the business performed, what we are doing on clinical quality and where we are investing. for the next phase of growth. This quarter Q1 FI27 was a quarter of good financial performance and continued strategic expansion. Revenue grew 23.7% yearonear to 282 crores. Adjusted Eida grew 30.7% to 65 crores with margins expanding 120 basis point year on year to 23.1%. Guests our term for active patients grew 13% to 38,262 and we crossed 10 lakhs 30,000 treatments in this quarter up 13.3%. We added 26 clinics during the quarter, 19 in India and seven in the Philippines taking our network to 550 clinics across five countries and 357 cities including 307 cities across 25 states in India. International operations now contribute around 45% of the revenue. Every new city we enter extends organized diialysis care into a catchment that did not have it before. The Philippines and the India model. Our business in the Philippines remain one of the strongest validation of the Nephroplast India model. We added seven clinics there this quarter and crossed a significant milestone of 50 clinics across 39 cities. In just six years since entering the country, we have become the second largest distributed diialysis network. The India model is much more than a network of clinics. It is a proven operating platform built over 16 years combining standardized clinical protocols, robust operating processes and deep expertise in managing reimbursement-driven diialysis ecosystems. It lets us deliver superior outcomes efficiently at scale and gives us a repeatable blueprint for new geographies. Put simply, Nefroas is a diialysis platform built in India for the world. On public private partnership, we deepened our footprints in Bihar this quarter and signed a new contract in Tamil Nadu. We also let go two clinics under the Utrakhan PPP that were value dilutive. We will not pursue business that does not meet our return thresholds. That discipline is deliberate and we remain positive about PPP opportunities overall. Clinical quality. Clinical quality is the foundation of everything we do and makes the model replicable. Two proof points in this. First, our early vascular access program in Andhra Pradesh. A catheter in hemodilysis raises risk to life by roughly four to six times and mortality risk is the highest in earlyphase. So across 21 centers and 2,000 guests, we moved monthly AVF creations from 15% of the guest to 30%. Thus reducing mortality to close to 15%. Second, the Nephroplus index, a single composite health score derived from seven weighted clinical matrices. It is live across 29 centers in 2600 guests, letting us predict outcomes and intervene at the individual guest level. Overall, the coming quarters, we will aggregate it up to clinical clusters, zone and country level, giving us a single lens on clinical performance across the network. Alongside this fits the blue book, our manual for putting our guest first culture into practice at the last mile. Clinical standards can be matched. A culture this deeply embedded cannot be. Third is built to scale. We launched the Necroplast International Dialysis Academy, what we call the NIDA, as an in-house program to build a pipeline of renal learning. nurses qualify to work anywhere in the world. The first batch will begin training in the third quarter. Access to trained renal nurses is a genuine constraint on an international expansion in this industry and NIA is how we intend to solve it structurally rather than market by market. We are also digitizing the guest and clinical experience through our guest care app and in center apps and deploying AI across the organization with process improvements already live in several back office functions. International expansion During the quarter, we incorporated our subsidy in Kazakhstan, creating a platform to evaluate opportunities across the country and in Central Asia. Our approach to new market remains disciplined as reimbursement, regulation, demand, and long-term sustainability before committing capital. In Saudi Arabia, we continue to make steady progress. Our first clinic at the Riyaz Hospital became operational in July and we have commenced home diialysis operations there as well. We have also obtained our medical operator's license and submitted our response to the Ministry of Health tender RFI. With the formal tendering process expected to begin in couple of months, we remain optimist about the market while recognizing these timelines are not fully within our control. Looking ahead, our priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to expand access to quality diialysis care, strengthen our leadership in India, replicate our proven model internationally and pursue growth with the same discipline approach that has defined nephrop for these 16 years. We remain confident in our ability to grow profitably and efficiently while delivering superior clinical quality in every market we serve. With that, I request Prashant to take you through the financials for the quarter.

Thank you, Rohit and a very warm welcome to everyone joining us today. I will take you through the financial and operational performance of the company for the first quarter of FI27. As Vikram and Rohit highlighted earlier, we have begun the year on a steady note with healthy growth across our key operating and financial parameters. Revenue for Q1 FI27 grew by 23.7% yearonear to rupees 282 cr compared to 228 cr in Q1 FI26. The growth was primarily driven by higher treatment volumes supported by continued expansion in our international business which also contributed to an improvement in revenue per treatment. Moving to profitability, our adjusted AIDA excluding ESOP cost in South stood at rupees 65.1 cr compared to 49.8 cr in the corresponding quarter last year reflecting a growth of 31%. Adjusted debit improved to 23.1% compared to 21.9% in Q1 FI26 supported by operating leverage and increasing share of international business whose base lies are India model. Our adjusted path after adding back ESOP expense in Saudi J expense stood at rupes 37 cr compared to 26 cr in Q1 FI26 registering a growth of 41.7%. Adjusted pack margin also improved to 13.1% from 11.4% in the corresponding period last year aided by lower connect cost and the benefits of operating leverage. Let me now touch upon some of our key operating metrics. Patient volumes or guest as we refer to them as plus continue to remain the most important driver of our business. As of June 2026, our active guest counts stood at 38,262 compared to 33,868 as of June 2025, representing a growth of 13%. This translated into a corresponding increase in diialysis treatments performed during the quarter. We delivered 10.3 lakh treatments in Q1 FI27 compared to 9.1 lakh treatments in Q1 FI26 reflecting a growth of 13.3%. Our revenue per treatment RPT stood at 2733 during the quarter compared to 253 rupees in the same period last year representing a growth of 9.2%. The improvement was largely driven by a higher contribution from international operations where treatment realizations remain higher than in India. We also remain focused on disciplined capital deployment and improving capital efficiency. Our annualized adjusted gross stood at 21% in Q1 FI27. On capital allocation, we continue to deploy IPO proceeds towards expanding our network and pursuing center acquisition across both India and international market as well as paying off our term loans. As on June 2026, We have utilized 68% which is about 27 cr from fresh issue from IPO proceeds. Our capital expenditure for Q1's to get 44 crores towards center acquisitions and growth. Overall our Q1 performance reflects continued execution across our growth initiative while maintaining focus on profitability, capital efficiency and discipline ex expansion. Lastly as high ated earlier, our growth strategy continues to be anchored on the three key levers we have previously outlined. We continue to maintain our medium-term growth guidance of 15 to 20% over the next 3 to 5 years and remain focused on delivering sustainable and capital efficient growth. With that, we now open the floor to questions.

[Q&A SESSION]

Moderator: The first question comes from the line of Ash Takur with Helios Capital.
Ash Takur (Helios Capital): Hi sir, very good morning and thanks for taking my question. So my question is on the depreciation. So the primary equipment in the clinic would be the dialyzer and some other capex things also. So how do you depreciate this assets? What is the timeline?
Prashant Goenka (CFO): Yeah. So this is Prashant. I'll take this question on the depreciation front. First of all I just want to highlight depreciation as a percentage of revenue has remained flat year on year. which is around 8.6 to 8.7%. To answer your question, we depreciate our machines anywhere between 7 to 10 years depending on the country and the local regulatory requirement. One of the thing that you would have noticed this time is that we have seen two major changes on the depreciation front. One we are becoming more and more disciplined about our fixed asset deployed a new technology whereby through RFID We are able to track our fixed assets machines and which has resulted in far more disciplined approach in deploying the capital assets resulted in a reduced depreciation costs in markets like India. Second in markets like Philippines we have done seven acquisition in the last quarter. For these acquisitions we typically pay a goodwill which result in a which we then split into intangibles which result in a slightly higher amotization which result in a slightly higher appreciation which then sort of dilutes over a period of time as we amotize it over a period of 5 to 7 years a goodwill amount.
Ash Takur: Thank you sir. Thanks for the comprehensive answer. My another second question is on the fixed capital investments. So you had mentioned that you spend around 4 million per bed for the Philippines green field. Can you do you have any ballpark figure for the acquisition do you make for permit on a permit basis?
Prashant Goenka: So in Philippines I think as we indicated earlier it's a market with lot of mom and pop shops. There are about 900 clinics about 150 to 200 are owned by large chains like us two three large chains like us but the remaining 700 clinics are owned by mom and pop shops. Each one of them own either one or two clinic. Most of our acquisition happens at a center level and as you can imagine when the discussions or negotiation are happening at a mom and pop level at center level the goodwill amount has lot of variability involved in the process so as a matter of practice we don't share the details because they tend to be very variable and it also is a competitive information for us.
Ash Takur: okay sir thank you. One question on the working capital part so you had mentioned that your working capital is around 120. So is there a indicative or understanding on the India part and the Philippines part and those part is there a differentiation in that number? Can you help us in in terms of qualitative sense? Can you help us understand the variability in that?
Prashant Goenka: Yeah. So I think as Vikram in previous calls have explained diialysis is is a slightly more different type of industry, right? Where structurally the working capital requirements are higher because we deal with the government and the government payment typically comes over 3 to four months. So whenever we look at projects we look at the ROSI as one of the key metric and in the ROSI we account for the working capital requirement and only when the project makes sense from a ROSI perspective we invest in that project and therefore working capital is a expected number and it is we are very comfortable with it because those we have accounted for it as we made the investment. Now to answer your more specific question around how much is the working capital days while I cannot get into the specifics of the country but just to give you an idea one of the key driver of working capital days is the AR and compared to last year our working AR days has improved from 121 days to 101 days. So we have seen a 20-day improvement on the on the back of lot of digitization and lot of AI work that we have done in the company. But having said that the industry should expect the AR to remain relatively high because that's the structural part of our industry that we that we that we are in.
Ash Takur: Okay. So thanks for answering my questions. That was very helpful.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Sedar Nandhi with Chanaka wealth creation.
Sedar Nandhi (Chanaka Wealth Creation): thanks for taking my question. just wanted to understand two things. one the material margin improvement that we are seeing has been fairly robust right and quite good how much of that is driven by the fact that there is a mix on the international side and how much of it is driven by inherent cost improvements that you're doing. The second part is if I look at the center growth right we've taken 60 centers or added 60 centers on a base of 500 taking this to about 550 if my calculations are correct which would be a 12% increase in centers for a 13% guest volume increase and therefore the remaining is productivity improvement on a average per center, right? But that would be different for existing centers and new ones established. So if you could give us some understanding of occupancy or productivity per center on how that has improved. And third one you spoke about AI a lot of AI initiatives that are reducing the backend operational work and bringing efficiency. Any AI initiatives that are likely to improve patient outcomes that you are working on. Yeah, those would be my three questions.
Prashant Goenka: Sure, Sedat. I think I'll take the first one around margin improvement and then I'll request Vicram and Rohit to help on the other two questions. I think you talked about the margin improvement. Yes, we are seeing the AIDA margin improved by 125 basis point. a good part of that improvement came because the COGS if you look at the COGS as a percentage of revenue has improved by 175 basis point as we have discussed in the past calls this is nephroplast is a platform play we have operated in a country like India with the lowest price point and created an operating model that when we take it to other markets with higher price point we are able to scale more profitably the same thing happened this quarter we were able to take our procurement platform to other markets and we were able to improve our cog's efficiency at a meaningful level And that is one of the key factors that has driven the improvement in the AIDA margin. so that's the first question.
Vikram Vuppala (CMD): in terms of the center and the AI, on the center point Sat this Vikram essentially we look at capacity utilization from a clinic by clinic perspective right we don't look at it from a country level optimization perspective but any clinic which is already heavily utilized let's say it's 85% utilized in Dallas is the you need to have some spare capacity for breathless guests who come in unplanned right. so capacity utilization the point around 13% the addition of 50 clinics it's at a country by country level we optimize it at a micro clinic level wherever there is utilization improvement that can be done with addition of a guest in a center with low utilization we go for it but highly utilized centers we cannot go so we can't add up underutilized good well utilized and heavily utilized clinics and look at it at a macro level. that's on the point number two on the AI question I will ask Rohit to answer the question.
Rohit Singh (Group CEO): thanks on the AI front as I briefly mentioned that we have taken several initiatives to improve processes and that's still work in progress and we still see a lot of headroom for improvement there and that will continue to answer your precise question around AI initiatives for guest on the clinical front I think there are many other companies which are working on that so there is no precise AI initiative for the guest clinical improvement that is happening but we are definitely focusing on data we are getting working on index and we'll be effectively using AI to interpret that data and probably look at some forecasting tools in future.
Vikram Vuppala: yeah I'll just add to what Rohit has said on AI on the clinical side I think last quarter we mentioned about a reform.ai application right that way we can make sure that the process are followed to the tea using CCTV cameras and our AI algorithms much better than any other manually driven audits right if the nurses are wearing gloves whenever they are touching the machine surface whenever they are touching our guest that improves clinical outcome. in a manual audit process. You can never ensure 100%. You can ensure 90% 85% through auditing but this is live auditing that's happening and alerts get created which go to the center manager, the cluster manager and the quality manager. That's point number one. Second one is we still are little bit distance away from predicting adverse events using clinical data and AI algorithms. Our first attempt at predicting adverse events. the confidence level was not up to the extent that we were expecting. so that initiative is the second phase of that initiative is underway. But that's the holy grail. If we can look at the clinical data from the past and proactively identify potential adverse events over the next few days on our guest and we proactively intervene and manage that prevention aspect of that first event. That's the holy grail. Nobody in the world has done it. We have failed in our last attempt. We are still working on our second attempt. That's the macro overview on the clinical impact side.
Sedar Nandhi: Thanks for a very detailed and very useful response and wish you all the best.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Anik Singh with Kotak Institutional Equities.
Anik Singh (Kotak Institutional Equities): Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. So I was going through your presentation and in one of your slides you have mentioned that it's an air satellite expansion model with low amount of capex required. So what is our mode here that that is leading to strong growth for us? Is it our network that we are operating at such a large level that our costs are rationalized and what is the key differentiation that we providing to the customers. So for example if a customer is going to a private hospital compared to coming to a nephro care clinic is there any particular differentiation in the customer experience?
Vikram Vuppala: Yeah thanks Anik for the question this Vikram. essentially in diialysis business throughout the world you need massive scale and 100% focus as I mentioned in my opening remarks right. if you look from a network mode perspective Nephropus has been aida negative for the first 11 years, pat negative for 13 years. So you need massive scale to amortize a high fixed cost business like the diialysis business is like airlines business and you need massive scale to amortize your fixed cost. So any player who wants to enter the dialysis business they will have to build that scale and they have to be 100% focused from a barrier to entry or a mode perspective, right? It's not a high margin business at low scale. like a pathology business, this is a very different business. The second point is at a network level, at a platform level, we have built four distinct levers which enable us to create supernormal margins compared to any other player. The first one being global procurement of our consumables which are the most expensive cost item in a country like India. in consumables we have various levers be it even contract manufacturing of low complexity consumables. The second one is efficient human resource management because we are only focused on diialysis. We have training academies to create fresh talent which are at much lower competitive cost and much better trained compared to procuring talent from the market. So that gives us a competitive edge on the HR front. The third one is our in-house biomedical team. Throughout the world, most of the diialysis networks use contracts with manufacturers on their maintenance and repairs. We believe that there is information asymmetry between manufacturers and service providers where the service providers are usually taken for a ride. So 8 years back we built our own biomedical team and this now is applicable in every country we operate where we do preventive maintenance at machine is just like a car. If you take care of the car really well, then the repairs cost will be much lower. Whereas if you go to a service center with a car, they will mention three four technical terms and bill you very high because there is information asymmetry. So biomedical is a huge lever for us. fourth is the lean operating model which we have built in India. So because of the lowest price point in the world, we have built audit function. We have built operational overheads, the finance overheads, HR overheads in a very lean and mean manner. From your last question on what is the difference when a patient goes to a hospital operated diialysis unit versus a nephroplast to give you an idea, hospitals don't generate more than 1% of the revenue from diialysis operations. It's not even the 10th profit driver of a hospital. It's a lossmaking business mostly because they neither have the scale nor focus. the hospitals do not have the bandwidth because the other specialties are where the profit drivers are and they would rightfully so focus on the other specialties where the profits are higher. hospitals do not focus on diialysis operations whereas for nephroplast that's our only department that we do right it's a pure play focused diialysis network the way we run the clinical protocol The way we standardize the clinical responses to complications, the way we do the service level audits, the financial audits, the pillar related vigilance related audits. No hospital has the ability nor the bandwidth to run like nephroplus right there is a distinct difference and hence the hospitals are partnering with us throughout the country. There are more than 300 private hospitals who have partnered with us. That's the reason.
Anik Singh: thank you sir. Thank you for that detailed answer. So just to continue on that point that private hospitals are partnering with Nefroare. So you provided that they these partners provide you space and utilities and I'm assuming that we would be installing our own machines and how does this revenue share agreement work because as you mentioned that it's less than one or two% margin for these hospitals. So like we are also taking revenue from those operations. So is it just the low investments from their side that is leading them to give the business to us or is it something different in terms of the agreement that we have?
Rohit Singh: San this is Rohit here. So when we partner with these hospitals typically they provide us space and utilities and all the other investments in the equipment and furniture and other aspects are done by us. so it is purely build own operate kind of model there. and Why do hospitals partner with us? Obviously because we got the scale so that we are able to run the operations profitably and for hospitals as Vikram mentioned this is not a big profit driver and hence and also it helps them free their operating bandwidth. Now their focus on dialysis since it is not the most profit generating one is one of the services that the hospital provides. It is not the focused service for us. This is 100% of our revenue. Hence it is our 100% focused service. So there is operating bandwidth that gets freed for the hospital partners. There is no upfront capex investment there and they get the desired unit economics because they are partnering with us. So the unit economics is taken care of and Nephroplus delivers world-class quality dialysis. So their objective of diialysis at quality with the unit economics protected is taken care of and by freeing their bandwidth and capex saving.
Vikram Vuppala: Yeah just to add to what Rohit is saying the hospitals no hospital in the world makes money on pure diialysis operations. They make money from the adjacencies of diialysis which is kidney transplants, ICU admissions, lab procedures, pharmacy, fistula procedures and so on. When they outsource to nephroplast, they continue to make money on the adjacencies without worrying about the core loss making diialysis operations that they have. So in an ideal world 100% of the hospitals should outsource diialysis. But this is we are in the early stages of the maturity of the diialysis market. Right? 16 years back when we started 0% was the organized market. All the hospitals were running their own diialysis operations. 16 years later it's 21 22%. But still there is 78 79% of the hospitals who are running their own diialysis operations in a very inefficient and not so measured quality clinical outcomes manner. Right? So this will take a long period of time for the conversion from the unorganized market to the organized market but it's a fundamental financial unit economics related decision as Rohit mentioned this is not a clinical quality improvement initiative this is a pure financial optimization initiative from the hospital side.
Anik Singh: got it sir got it and so lastly as I'm seeing that rising revenue per treatment for you have been growing at a cagr of around 11% So what is driving this? Is it a shift to international markets where realizations are high because that mix is also improving for us for the past couple of years and do you expect this mix to continue to rise and the share of India business will continue to decline over the coming years as you continue to expand in international markets.
Prashant Goenka: Yeah. Hi Anik, this is Prashant. I'll take this question. So I think there are a couple of things that drove that CAGR that you mentioned. I think one obviously the improving international mix is the primary driver of that. as we have stated before it is to add a new international market every 12 to 18 months and that strategy will remain a key focus area for us and we are constantly working on it. for example you have seen Rohit talk about Saudi we have done a stock exchange disclosure on Kazakhstan opening an entity. So we continue to share a few things with the market but there are many more things that we are doing from a business development perspective. So in terms of the international revenue currently standing at 45% it was 30% a year and a half back that number will continue to inch up slowly with India being the core platform right so it's not that the international growth is coming at the expense of India growth slowing down the India platform will continue to grow because without the India platform we really cannot make the kind of profit we make internationally but the fact that new countries are getting added that number will continue to inch up. second on the 11% cagr one more thing that we should note is in Philippines we saw a 55 to 60% price increase in October 2024 in diialysis you will see the price typically increases slowly and once in a while there is a lumpy pricing increase so in Philippines that price increased after 10 years and now probably that will remain at same level for a certain period of time that also is coming as a factor in that cagr number that you drove so one should not expect that same cagr number to continue forever. The numbers will fluctuate up and down depending on the international market we enter in and how the mix changes.
Anik Singh: Got it sir. Thank you.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Kushell Chawatia with Nomura. (prior participant Mr. Jawa with JM AMC unable to speak, moved on.)
Kushell Chawatia (Nomura): Yeah. Hello. So first of all, can you let me know what was the contribution in revenue of the currency this quarter? Revenue growth, how much was due to the fluctuation of currency?
Prashant Goenka: So this is Prashant here. I'll answer this question. this quarter we did not see much from the forex front. We only saw 20 lakhs favorable outcome due to the forex. currencies were largely flat in this quarter compared to last year. So not too much action on that side.
Kushell Chawatia: Okay. And can you let us know what is your Capex guidance for this year splitted into between India and Philippines.
Prashant Goenka: So Kush we typically don't give guidance on the capex front. for this quarter as I mentioned we have done about 44 crore worth of capex. that compares to 43 cr same quarter last year. We have indicated in our calls that we intend to open 40 to 50 clinics in India every year. 10 to 15 clinics in Philippines every year and we intend to open a new international market every 12 to 18 months and that is the extent of what guidance we are providing in terms of our capex plans more at a strategic level.
Kushell Chawatia: Okay. And any assumption on the tax rate which you can provide for the financial year this quarter we saw just 20% tax.
Prashant Goenka: Yeah. So we currently operate at scale level three market. is India, Philippines and Uzbekistan. There are few other market. predominantly drives the numbers. India and Philippines are similar market where the tax rate is 25%. Uzbekistan if we maintain our healthcare services revenue at more than 90% of the revenue comes from healthcare then there is no corporate tax. So is at 0% tax rate. So I think the composite of the three depends on the revenue mix. But I think 20 the current number probably reflects a good proxy you can use. The numbers may fluctuate a little bit depending on the mix. but the current numbers are a good proxy.
Kushell Chawatia: Okay. Yeah. Thank you.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Java with JM AMC.
Java (JM AMC): hello. Am I audible? Yes. sorry for the previous issues. sir I'm not sure if you've highlighted this earlier in the call but what has led to the sharp increase in other expenses as a line item.
Prashant Goenka: So actually other expenses if you compare it to the last quarter it has improved by 133 basis point meaning it has reduced by 133 basis point. Of course if you compare it to the same quarter last year it has deteriorated. There are two three factors at play. one you know ECL provisions that we take quarter on quarter which is typically in the range of 2 to 2 and a half% of the revenue and again this is driven by a model as we discussed earlier in the diialysis business structurally the AR cycle will be 3 to 4 months and to ensure that we have a very strict way of modeling the AR related items with the help of KPMG we have arrived at a ECL model and we use the number that comes from the model where there are different aging bucket and loss rate and all the other modeling factors basis that we arrive at an ECL provision that we take every quarter which tends to be between 2 to 2 and a half% of the revenue. So that is one factor which has grown up in line with the revenue also growing up. The second factor is as we became a public company there are few other cost item that comes in the audit fees increases there are more legal fees that comes in with respect to all the things that public company has to do that you didn't do as a private company. So that is the other factor that has come into the numbers. third we are looking to grow internationally in newer markets. we are building capability on that front whether it is business development in many markets. We invest upfront in building the foundation even before the market starts. So there is some amount of investment that is done on business development and other foundational activity to grow internationally. So all those three factors combined have resulted in other expenses to be at the level it is currently but on a previous quarter to this quarter basis it has actually reduced by 133 basis point.
Java: Got it. another question that I wanted to check with you have you seen any price hike in India with CGHS price hikes coming through for some of the corporates?
Rohit Singh: Yeah. Hi Prranab this is Rohit here. Yes we observed price increase in the CGHS last year October and I think Prashant briefly mentioned that in the dialysis business price increases on a annual basis is marginal but on a periodic basis say a large period of say 8 to 10 years time period there is a lumpy price increase so we witnessed that in CGHS as well this price increase came after probably 10 years to 11 years and there's a 35% odd price increase that we increase so this is very much as per the lines of the trends in the dialysis business.
Java: Got it. if there's nobody in the queue, can I ask a couple of more? Yes, please. sir depreciation as a line item, we have seen that sequentially declining despite we doing a couple of acquisitions in Philippines this quarter. is there anything to read into this?
Prashant Goenka: no I think as I mentioned there are a couple of things at play in that number. Number one we are using lot more technology to drive much more disciplined capital allocation. For example in all the countries we are now using RFID to tag our assets and do a real-time tracking of our machines. So we have now more intelligence at a center level. How many machines we have, how many idle machines we have at a network level. last year we were deploying about 50 machines every month in terms of replacement and other type of activity. In the last 3 months we have hardly given any new machines but utilized our machines on a more efficient basis. Of course it's a one-time benefit you get when you bring a new technology like this. So we benefited from that. On the other side, Philippines, we did the 7 acquisition which was towards the end of the quarter. So the corresponding goodwill and the amotization of the intangibles of the goodwill also played into the numbers but I would say that there is not much to read into the numbers but there will be some healthy improvements in the number on a marginal basis.
Java: And sir on the Saudi business can you just highlight if there is any update over here because sequentially we have seen the losses go up. how many centers you would have added? how are you seeing that business transform and any medium to long-term guidance on when the next round of tendering would happen and how do you expect to ramp up on the Saudi piece?
Rohit Singh: So Prranab I'll take this over there. So Saudi right now we are on the investment phase. we are building foundation, we are preparing for the tender, we have built a team there. so the approach is to be ready for the tender when it comes. Right now there is EOI was submitted but we are still awaiting the tender documents to come out from the ministry of health. So given the volatile situation there also in that region right now. I think we are 3 to four quarters away from realizing any benefits or having a clear visibility but I think this tending process will go to next few quarters just to come.
Java: so Rohit for the rest of the fiscal should we assume this three odd cr loss on the JV side should continue for the rest of the fiscal start to realize revenue.
Rohit Singh: So we are not giving any guidance on the loss assumptions for the Saudi as I'm saying that we are in the investment stage and we started one clinic there in Saudi. So this may fluctuate a bit but again as said there is no clear visibility on the tendering timelines which could take one to two quarters or probably longer. So as soon as we have visibility on the timeline we'll be able to answer that more precisely.
Java: And one last if I can squeeze in so we've recently incorporated a subsidiary in the EU region. can you highlight when do you expect this business to start and what kind of business model is followed in that geography?
Rohit Singh: So we have registered a company there but we are still exploring. I think Kazakhstan as a market looks interesting but we are yet to kind of form a view on that market. market is similar to that of Philippines with a universal coverage. Price points are little on the lower side around $75 and there are already standalone centers and private players in the market. So we are still forming an approach on the market. So it'll be too early for us to comment on that market.
Java: Got it. thank you so much sir for your time.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Shah with ICICI securities.
Shah (ICICI Securities): yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand the broad nature of 19 new clinics which we added in India geography. Is it a green field or brownfield or PPP sort of nature?
Rohit Singh: So Shah India had a blend of all three. We had PPP centers added in Bihar. We had four private clinics added and then we also had one or two green field. So it was a blend of all three fairly balanced in that case.
Shah: All right. And if you can quantify what is current RPT for India at present since you have mentioned that we have seen some hikes over there.
Prashant Goenka: Yeah. So I think while India is a basket of many price points, PPP is different, captive is different and all that. in our previous calls we have mentioned the high level RPT for each country. So the India RPT remains at a 20 to $23 price point. that is the RPT which is at the average level for the country.
Shah: All right. And in the Philippine side we have acquired seven new assets over there. can you tell us the bed capacities on an average as we have seen that there are 10 beds average for Philippines overall business. however for seven new assets is it higher side of the bed capacities over there?
Rohit Singh: Sure. We've mentioned that earlier also that our Philippines business is averaging 10 to 12 bed center and it seems to assume that these are also following a similar trend. So there is no great outlier in that.
Shah: and how is utilization over there sir since it is an acquired asset?
Rohit Singh: so we again look at a network level utilization so it's fairly 74% is the number that we have listed at the consolidated level and that's a good reflection of all markets.
Shah: All right that's all from me. thank you so much.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Dwang Patel with Samia Capital.
Dwang Patel (Samia Capital): you mentioned some delay in Saudi Arabia roll out of clinics but to recoup this three odd crores of losses. How many clinics do we need to reach to achieve a break even?
Rohit Singh: So Saudi Arabia is a tender market. So it's not about how many clinics it is about the tender. So once the tender clarity is achieved and depending on the scale of the tender there could be and it is a one tender that will be resulting into x number of clinics which is still unknown. So the better way to look at it is when the tender is out and what are timelines of tender and that will take care of the investment if we are able to secure the tender there is still a probability that we may not be able to secure the tender in the saudi as well so it's a tender market.
Vikram Vuppala: yeah just to add to what Rohit is saying Dwang this is an investment phase. We are running this clinic to showcase our clinical outcomes in that country. Saudi ministry of health and other regulators they do not give so much value to overseas clinical outcomes. They want the interested companies who want to participate in the tender to set up few clinics in Saudi Arabia and demonstrate clinical outcomes in their regulated market environment. So this is a binary market. You win one of the four clusters in the tender, you have a business. If you don't win, you pack the bags and leave the market. So we are currently in the investment phase. It's very early days. It's not that we add few clinics and we'll be able to achieve break even. That won't happen.
Dwang Patel: So in case we win a tender it we are not sure we will recoup these losses or break even?
Vikram Vuppala: No, no. If you win the tender, obviously any project, any market that we enter, we'll make the scenario analysis, right? If you win the tender will more than recoup all the historical losses, right? that's when it makes sense.
Dwang Patel: Okay. And we've made all the investments we needed to or do we need this before even a tender can go further?
Rohit Singh: So Dwang right now as I mentioned that we have started one clinic and This is more of a showcase clinic where we are showcasing our clinical and execution capabilities. But now when the tender terms are out that would require us to increase our footprints and it will be a nationwide tender and maybe divide into zones which we still don't know. So the point is we will be required to make more investments depending on the tender terms which would be known to us in time to come.
Dwang Patel: That's all. thank you so much.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Anojel with Bastian Research.
Anojel (Bastian Research): hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. So my first question would be can you explain the unit economics per bed for India and international markets like the peak margins and the ROC per bed when it gets matured some sort of?
Prashant Goenka: hi this is Prashant. I'll take that question. We don't provide unit economics at a country level but in terms of unit economics at a consolidated level I think you can look at our P&L some of the key drivers of the unit economics are obviously consumable heavy business so COGS is a key element which is about 22% of the cost hospital share is another big component of unit economics and the salary payment to the technicians and nurses is a third component but all those information you can take it from the P&L which is shared at the consolidated level to get the unit economics.
Anojel: So is there any angle of like with deep margins per clinic in India operations or international operations is there any angle of that?
Prashant Goenka: No. So I think unlike some of the other industry we don't have a new versus mature model in this industry we typically take a running center in most cases and the opex break even happens within the first few months and the capex break even happens over a period of time depending on the country. so I think the P&L will give you the required details to model out the unit economics.
Anojel: all right and my second question would be that is there any angle of customer loyalty in your business because I have read that the guest doesn't even give the bed which is allocated to them for the treatment. So is there any angle?
Rohit Singh: no I think given that it's a reimbursement business and it's a therapy that is prescribed by the nephrologist typically. So there is definitely a customer angle. He is free to choose to get dialyzed to whichever clinic they find the right quality and the proximity and right outcome. So there is definitely a customer angle but then there is also part angle around who's a payer for that treatment for that particular customer or the patient or the guest that we call them. So it's a blend of both. essentially where the payers are like in the Philippines market it is a completely fill help right totally complete everybody's covered in that so in that case the guests are free to move around more freely in India depending on who is the payer for them and which center is entertaining that payer or has a empowerment with that payer those options are selected and then there is an angle around their practicing nephrologist proximity and the quality of the center so it's a blend of Proximity, clinical quality, payer mechanism all put together are the decision influencers for a guest customer.
Anojel: All right. So I got it. thanks.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Siman with Tucker base capital.
Siman (Tusker Base Capital): Thank you so much for taking my question. first question. the material cost reduction it's quite impressive over here and we understand it is more towards renova or reprocessing right so on the field visit what we understood are there was some discrepancies on the reuse of protocol so could you please help us understand what's the central protocol reuse that you all have laid out?
Rohit Singh: so Siman let me address this first and then we can go to the second question. reuse protocols for India being a health is a state subject. There are regulations and little preferences not always regulation guidelines and preferences from various payers, various contracts, various micro market. So there is no linearity around it. But how Nephro Plus operates is that for us to take a decision we if there is reuse options available we have it not on the count but on the fiber bundle volume. So our decision making is very clinically oriented not just pure count oriented. But having said there are guidances which are given or preferences given by each payer in a different market. So it's a blend of both. So once you'll go to one location to other location, you will see that difference depending on region and the payer piece of it. But to answer your point on the reduction of the cogs, it's essentially blend of several things, right? The economy of scale playing in. We also have negotiated better terms with our suppliers and obviously optimization in the utilization also. So also the blend of all and not just the reuse count which drives the cogs reduction.
Siman: Understood sir very well explained. So my second question as you densify in the larger metros say Mumbai. we'd like to understand how is your city level or pin code expansion approach over here.
Vikram Vuppala: so we are fairly comfortable in every part of the world. So we have not focused on any pin code specific expansion. We have focused on increasing access across the country as you know that we are operating in 300 plus cities now in India. So we are fairly not focused around any one or two particular metros. We are very comfortable in any part of the world and in any part of the country. In fact our 75% plus of the clinics are in tier 2 and tier three. That clearly shows you the approach of the company that how operationally comfortable we are and how passionate we are about increasing access to quality diialysis across the country and not concentrating it in few geographies or few different metros.
Siman: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Pawan Kumar with Shade Capital.
Pawan Kumar (Shade Capital): thank you for the opportunity. so my first question is like we are growing pretty good in the international market. Can you tell me market share in Philippines and Uzbekistan markets?
Rohit Singh: So we are the second largest network by footprint in the Philippines right now. The largest chain has 58 odd clinics and total clinics in the Philippines market in a standalone setup right now is around 900 and we are operating right now 51 of them. So you can estimate the market size based on that. and on the Uzbekistan front we are the only private operator rest all diialysis provided by the government but Uzbekistan market is close to 9,000 patients and we are servicing close to 1,800 of them right now.
Pawan Kumar: and what competitive advantage we are really offering there regardless the competition.
Rohit Singh: So obviously I think Prashant had also mentioned in the beginning of the call Philippines is a very mom and pop fragmented market. So Nephro Plus being the second largest player has a huge brand value. We have this economy of scale value and at the same time we have the operation capabilities to go in every corner of the country. So there's operating leverage that we have, we have a brand leverage and the efficiency leverage that we have over other individual players there and over the time period this will only grow as we keep growing on those geographies and on the Uzbekistan front we have mentioned previously also that we have demonstrated very strong clinical outcomes and we have delivered the project in record time as compared to any other provider in the region. So definitely there is a lot of goodwill that we have generated in the ecosystem by our operations for the last five years there.
Pawan Kumar: Okay. And talking about Indian market like you have a pretty good market share. What is the viability of D2C kind of like a private clinic kind of business? Is it really viable in the long run?
Vikram Vuppala: Yeah this Vikram thanks Pawan. India is still in the very early stages of the diialysis market maturity, right? So as I said 16 years back there was no pure play diialysis network in India. We started that whole concept and today the organized market is 20%. throughout the world except India and Indonesia diialysis is done in standalone clinics not inside hospitals because people with kidney failure are immuno compromised. Clinically and financially it makes more sense for standalone clinics but the Indian regulatory ecosystem is still coming to terms with standalone clinics because everyone is so used to the hospital-based model, the comfort of the nephrologist, the comfort of the government payers and the regulation comfort. We are talking to them. We are advocating the growth of standalone clinics. We currently run 25 standalone clinics in India but it'll take long time before standalone becomes the mainstream. this is early days in the ecosystem. Over the next 5 to 10 years, you will see lot more standalones than the in-hospital model.
Pawan Kumar: and is the same applicable globally also like most of the business run through like the tender or maybe the government sponsored schemes.
Vikram Vuppala: So there are two models globally. One model is the tender model which is the Uzbekistan the Saudi model. The second model is the Philippines model, the US model, where there are clinics in private setups which are reimbursed by the health schemes like imagine a standalone clinic in India reimbursed by Ayushman Bharat right that's the second type of model where you're running in a private setup but you're reimbursed by a state health scheme or a insurance scheme.
Pawan Kumar: thank you.

Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Nilanjan with PGC AMC.
Nilanjan (PGC AMC): thank you sir. So just a question. in the past you have not split out the patients between India, Philippines and the various markets basically. would you want to do that going forward? the reason if you look at how our centers have expanded so roughly between same time last year and this year the total network has expanded upwards of 10 11% out of which almost one third is and there's almost 30% plus expansion in the standalone clinic itself a very high percentage of it in Philippines where the revenue growth is already expected to be very high. So it makes very difficult for us to figure out how the core revenue growth is there from let's say the same something very similar to the same store sales growth that we use in consumer companies or retail companies. would you want to talk about how the same set of centers did over the last 12 months?
Vikram Vuppala: Yeah, this is Vikram. I think this is Nephroplus. We need to understand it as a platform story rather than a country level story. Right. The India as a core business is a driver of the platform. The platform is built on 16 years of the experience that we have generated in the India platform. This market is very very different from the other segments that you have mentioned. Right. We are more comfortable to discuss on the console level at the platform level because at the end of the day we are not looking at a country level objective we are looking at a platform level objective the investments capital allocations has to be rosier critical at the platform level while India is a core and it generates the efficiencies across all markets we do not want to mention country by country details and go into the micro because today we are in five countries in the next 5 to 10 years we'll be in 10 to 15 countries there's no point in going into country by country mechanics which is the way all the large global dialysis players the two listed players Fresenius and DaVita also look at so we only would be able to discuss at the platform consol level.
Nilanjan: sure so that was first part of my question the second part was actually the organic growth itself right because we are obviously going into increasing number of centers in the same country and going out as well in different countries. So on an organic basis how much we are growing. So if you want to talk about let's say we have three lines like the captive clinic the PPP and the standalone how each of these three lines have grown versus last year.
Rohit Singh: So Nilanjan I think we've mentioned this earlier also we have three levers of growth one is same center growth second is increasing footprint in the markets and third is a market expansion or a big M&A or a PPP right. and we have also mentioned that our network level we are maintaining a 74% utilization so the two way to look at it is the utilization of the network and our guest count that would give you a flavor around the growth of the organization and that's where we would also want to focus on.
Vikram Vuppala: yeah it's a macro level engine what happens is unlike a pathology lab right it's not a unlimited so to speak capacity. diialysis is a fixed capacity business only three cycles in India can be done, you can't do more cycles on the same machine right because 4 hours is mandatory treatment time pre and post include is 4 and a half hours so when you have several many hundreds of clinics at peak capacity let's say 85% as I mentioned earlier those clinics there is little bit of a price growth very little volume growth that you can expect. So unlike other segments in healthcare, this is not a same store sales growth story. This is all the diialysis clinics across the world only grow by addition of capacity because you can only do three cycles in a day per machine. So the way people need to understand this market is you add capacity you will grow because in that same capacity you have maxed out on the capacity and this is a chronic every other day treatment. So You can't increase the price way too much and as Rohit and Prashant told it's a lumpy price increase business where every five to 10 years suddenly CGHS price increases by 35%, Phil price increases by more than 50% and so on. So this is much more of an execution game around disciplined capacity addition while making sure that the network level utilization continues to be healthy. That's the game.
Nilanjan: Understood Vikram. That's a good perspective to look at actually. Perfect. Thank you so much.

Moderator: Due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question and answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
Management (Vikram Vuppala): I think we have mentioned all the details in our opening remarks. We thank everyone for joining this call and look forward to the next call. Thank you so much for joining.

[END OF TRANSCRIPT]
