=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_transcript.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N/A (input supplied as .txt, not PDF; treated as single logical page)
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 112
unit_convention: Crores (with USD millions for Tritium/US subsidiary figures, spoken figures used as-is)
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1 (native unit; no conversion performed on this extract); USD figures stated in the transcript are left as spoken (e.g. "$20 million", "$10 million") and NOT converted to Rs Crores by this extractor -- downstream agent must apply the FX rate it sources and cite it
ocr_pages: none
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-08-11
=== END HEADER ===

[page 1]
1  EXICOM TELE-SYSTEMS LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
2  Hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited
3  Transcript source: operator-supplied verbatim paste (chat), August 10, 2026 call
4  Management: Mr. Anant Nahata (Managing Director & CEO); Mr. Shiraz Khanna (CFO)
5  Moderator: Ana (operator); Host: Mr. Rahul Dani (Monarch Networth Capital)
6  
7  [NOTE: This transcript was supplied as verbatim text by the operator. It is a
8  machine/auto transcript with phonetic spellings ("XECOM"/"Exiccom" = Exicom;
9  "Tridium"/"Titim"/"Titanium"/"Pritium"/"Faradium" = Tritium; "iita"/"ivita"/
10  "AEA"/"ATM"/"a beta" = EBITDA; "Bhatnet"/"Valatnet" = BharatNet; "Trilex"/
11  "Triplex" = TRI-FLEX; "PME"/"PM E-drive" = PM E-Drive). Preserved verbatim; do
12  not paraphrase.]
13  
14  Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the XECOM Tele Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by Monach Network Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenonly mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone. phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. This conference may contain certain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani. Thank you and over to you.
15  
16  Uh thank you Ana. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Muna Network Capital, it's my pleasure to host the senior manager of Exiccom Delhi system. Uh we have with us Mr. Anata, managing director and CEO of the company and we have Mr. Siraj Kana, CF of the company. Uh we will start the call with opening remarks of management and then move to Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir.
17  
18  Thank you. Uh uh good evening uh dear shareholders. Uh this is Anand Nata, CEO of the company. U let me take you through briefly the results of quarter 1. on fiscal 27 and the management presentation. So the overall performance on a standalone revenue rose by 57% yearonear to 237 crores and our iita more than doubled to 21 crores lifting the iita margins to 8.8%. On a consolidated basis revenue grew 61% to about 331 crores and the ivita cost narrowed from almost 40 crores in the previous uh in the quarter last year to about 22 1/2 cr loss in the current quarter. I understand that while we grew uh our revenue uh but uh the profitability is still not in black but my confidence comes from what both the businesses delivered and won which is more customers. So today we stand with a much more diversified customer base compared to any other previous quarters before. More geographies with the focus on exports and a very strong order book and commitments from our entire organization which can deliver a strong result through fiscal 27 on Pritium side which is a big investment of ours uh in a DC fast charging company based out of US. For the first time, the bookings passed north of 20 million. It used to be in the range of $10 million every quarter. So, the bookings have doubled. So, have the revenue to uh uh about $10 million this quarter. We are in a phase where our latest product products including Trilex, DC Flex, Grid Flex are being uh put under trial by various customers and these trials are in mid-stages to advanced stages which will be unlocking doubledigit large million dollars order through the course of 2027 through the course to deliver in 2027. Next page is a company company in middle of energy transition. We operate in telecom. We operate in battery energy storage systems which connects renewable energy to the point of consumption. We operate in electric mobility via our EV charging business and there are few mega trends which are driving this change. There is new technology which is being invested upon particularly to do with electrification across grid as well as electric mobility. There is increasing fuel prices due to geopolitical situation as well as supply chain disruptions. Countries are prioritizing energy security. Uh countries are shifting away from fossil fuel for achieving energy security. On the telecom side, there is huge rise in data traffic moving towards 5G networks and taking telecoms highspeed telecommunication to underserved regions across the world for for example in India highspeed communication is being taken to punchayets and uh the smaller towns which were not connected with highspeed internet earlier and these mega trends are driving the change in our business and uh the near-term outlook of our business. Now moving to business update in critical power segment. In critical power we achieved a revenue of 177 crores which was 73% higher than quarter 1 fiscal 26. On a sequential basis the revenue dropped by 11% which happens as in most of the industrial business. Q4 tends to be the strongest quarter as customers look to scale deployments and exhaust their budgets. The key highlights of quarter 1 were across different categories of customers in the private sector where we worked with India's leading telos as well as tower companies. We entered into supply agreement for power systems and batteries with one of the largest to our company and this is going to be a continuous business. Not much of the business was done in Q1 but the business engagement was inked and this is going to show results in the subsequent quarters. We also secured large TC power systems order from a leading Indian telco worth 85 crores and uh more of these will uh follow in uh subsequent uh quarters. Some Some of these large orders uh you know the margins were offset by a rise in forex and commodity prices but due to large volume we were able to offset some of these cost increases. On government side uh we are supplying to system integrators to execute one of the most ambitious fiber connectivity projects by government of India which is Bhatnet. We supply multiple products in this project including smart enclosures, hybrid power systems powered by solar uh and uh lithiumion batteries. We have 60% share of business in this project based on the system integrators we are working with and uh while uh due to monsoons the project was slightly slow uh but uh uh we are still uh delivering uh you know the number of system systems which is making this to be one of our highest revenue contributors in quarter 1 and even going forward. In terms of exports, uh our key markets of Africa, Middle East and Southeast Asia delivered explode delivered export sales of roughly 15 crores in the quarter which is about 8% of our overall sales in critical power. Uh and there has been some good new order booking which makes us full of better than expected export sales in FI27. Our target is to uh get the export sales to nearly double of 8% which was achieved this quarter to roughly about 15% of uh critical power sales in a year. Not just some of the big power companies and Telos, we also added multiple small customers and the longtail uh list um for their DC power systems require ment and had more than 10 BSS deployment in the commercial industrial sector which is giving us good operating knowhow uh and ability to scale this business in second half of fiscal 27. Our order book as of today stands at roughly,000 crores in critical power which gives us long-term visibility to be able to execute and op optimize our operations in a way which uh you know expands margin to the maximum possible. Q you know key future opportunities on the next slide. Uh so uh in uh uh quarter two we have already won some more uh orders uh in uh the DC power system and battery space. You know these are from the customer where we had some in Q1 and further uh expanded our uh order intake in quarter 2. In Valatnet membership government program that I was talking about we already have 700 crores of open orders which is going to be uh then followed by almost a 800 cr service order over next 10 years. Our target is on strong execution here. We also won phase two of uh a BSNLED program to uh put telecom infrastructure in some of the underserved border Indian border region. Uh these are again uh awarded to large system integrators with whom they are you know tying up for business. We expect almost 2,000 sites u you know uh 2,000 towers to be allocated to excom based on the conversations we are having uh with the cont has value of somewhere between 90 to 100 crores and as I mentioned uh uh before with India's two top tower companies uh with one of them uh we have already started supplying uh batteries and power system on large scale uh which effect of which you will see in our revenues in uh quarter two and onwards and uh from quarter four we also expect to start supplying decommissioned batteries to a large uh tower companies uh that's uh you know most of uh that will only come in the last quarter of uh uh the current uh financial year. So uh point is on a strong order book uh we see momentum towards order booking in current quarter as well as quarter three and quarter four to keep the pipeline quite robust. In critical power there are five forces which are redefining operators buy site power. This is the next slide. So first 5G BTS stations are much heavier loads and they demand modular and expandable field power. Uh so the system has to be very modular in terms of putting more power in it or connecting it to solar and we design system keeping this architecture in mind. The uh second uh uh main force is battery technology changing from lead acid to intelligent lithium where agric plays a major role. Third is uh grid and generator based energy is being uh converted to hybrid energy. Telecom sites are increasingly being powered by uh grid, solar, you know batteries and uh you know little bit of generator. Uh lastly uh you know instead of treating telecom site as a passive site which uh spurts out alarms in case things are not working correctly. Uh that is transition transitioning to intelligent fleet management. So u you know uh there are so many sensors at the site uh so do our products which uh send uh a lot of data both uh you know to the net operating centers and to the cloud to uh you know not just give alarms but to uh predict to do preventive maintenance and enable fewer sites with it. So every product that we make has to have this connected intelligence to be able to serve the modern telos and that's where the first growth vector for us comes from. Uh it is through selling to global telos. and tower codes with this connected intelligence. In terms of current progress, uh they're well positioned here. Overall revenue is on track. As I explained, large orders from public and private sector in India are received. Pace of exports has to increase. As I mentioned, right now exports are about 8% of our revenue which you want to increase to 15% within this financial year. Within this financial year, the second growth vector is BSS. Uh again for our shareholders. We are in commercial industrial best systems which are usually half a megawatt hour or smaller. I mean they can be bigger but most of the deployments are you know under half a megawatt hour. Uh we are not operating in utility scale best. Um and the reason is that u you know uh in solar plus storage for some of these commercial industrial areas there is ROI viability uh there is volume and we are solving the real customer pain point of wherever they are trying to deploy the storage solutions. Uh today we have about 15 megawatt hours of orders in hand which are worth roughly 20 crores and another 45 crores or 34 megawatt hours of orders in advanced pipeline. There has been some disruption of supply chain especially in the battery materials uh and uh the battery link commodity pricing but those uh have settled down now and uh regular supply chain has restarted uh which will allow us to execute a lot of this uh uh backlog. Uh third I uh exports I already uh uh spoke about. Next page uh is uh starting of our EV charging business segment. So on page 11 uh what uh The data shows is that industry is at a pivotal point in EV charging. For the first time we had nearly 31,000 registration of passenger car which is the highest number till date. That is resultant of lot of new launches across you know Maroti, Tata, Mahindra some of the luxury car makers. There were launches in the commercial vehicle segment especially in the smaller form factor. uh SUVs and there was also uh you know intense uh of participation in uh EV charging infrastructure deployment by companies such as Mahindra, Maruti and uh Winfast. Uh because of all that as standalone revenues grew 15% from 53 crores to about 61 crores. Sequentially it was a dip. Again quarter 4 is not comparable to quarter 1 but uh you know some of the infrastructure uh buildout follows the car registration uh and we are hopeful uh for continued growth in this segment based on overall you know vehicle sales that the industry is seeing. Another uh industry uh slide on page number 12 in terms of passenger EV in Q1. There were 85,000 almost 86,000 registration about 1,400 for buses and 6,500 for uh goods uh uh carriers and uh this means that ExCom from its customers will have continued demand for AC charger orders not just from the OEMs but even from e-commerce channels as well. And this is our standard product which we obviously continue to uh evolve with on technology from time to time. Uh but it's a high scale manufacturing product which we supply to India's top OEMs. Rise of goods carriers and electric buses also means we will have increased demand for high power chargers such as 240 uh kilowatt 180 or 240 kilow. This is Industry dynamics, favorable dynamics are being shaped by good policies. Uh there are multiple states, cities uh which have notified mandatory uh you know EV EV ready uh apartments to be there uh to to get certificate of occupation. Delhi has outlaid 4 years 15,000 cr EV policy to uh put in almost 30,000 plus EV charging points. Again, these are not just for cars. These are for two wheelers, three wheelers as well. Also, uh any uh you know OEM dealer must have a EV charging station now. Uh earlier it was their choice but now they must have and PME drive continues to uh sanction money for uh electric buses and EV charging infrastructure for uh for buses. Again, all this means There will be enhanced spending on the EV charging infrastructure both from government and uh private players. In terms of key highlights for Exiccom in quarter 1 FI27, we secured 100% share of business for leading international 7 uh brand for uh uh wallbox uh chargers, home chargers. We renewed an agreement with the leading truck OEM uh for uh you know portable chargers. Uh and we also launched a charger with a two-heer company as well. Fast charger with a two-heer company as well. We continue to focus on innovation and our new products in uh you know include uh slim series chargers. Uh these are for very dense spaces where there's not not a lot of uh uh space to put bigger chargers. We have packed a lot of power into a small form factor and also with an innovative technology which can allow these chargers to share power that is called ring topology. A lot of our customers are liking this and because of this differentiation uh giving us uh added orders in terms of our uh network and growth and uh you know relationship with the CPOS we've added 15 new network operators uh in terms of uh order intake in Q1 and have uh an order book of almost close to 180 chargers uh which will continue till October 26 right and not just in India but uh Excom is strong is is steadily focusing on exports for EV chargers so we run orders from 10 new countries a lot of these are pilot orders and after pilot we'll move to scale uh but today we have uh an order book of almost 200 crores for our ACDC charges in India including exports of about $2 million and uh uh uh you know I I think uh uh this will be the first year where export will be a sizable part of revenue u you know to as a percentage um you know I you know I don't want to commit on the target at this point but uh our effort is uh to be in the similar range in terms of percentage of sales of uh exports of recharger as I mentioned in critical power In Tridium, uh there is a momentum shift in demand. As I mentioned, uh the bookings are close to $21 million uh this quarter and you can see this is twice as big as the quarters before. Uh and the sales is roughly $10.5 million. U this will uh this backlog will help in uh uh you know continued sales growth over the coming quarters. Uh as Faradium is concerned, our focus is on uh strategic customers. Uh you know on the left you see our new product being tried by you know fortune companies in area of EV charging at Perk and fleet and if these trials are successful Tridium can be awarded more than 20 to$30 million contract for calendar 7. Uh similarly we have a new product called grid flex. which comes out from the same platform of triplex but it's a birectional inverter to connect micro grids or provide even charging as well. Uh this is also being delivered and being tried at a hypers scale customer and subject to successful trials can be expected to uh to be awarded for $20 million of contract for C by 27. So overall engineering efforts for the past two years has created strong pipeline with future customers and focus is to secure majority of the orders that we want to execute in CI27 within uh calendar 26. Uh that will put in a very different trajectory. Yes, it took longer for the turnaround but uh we see uh you know not just green shoots but uh we see the momentum and city to scale uh to large revenue tripledigit million revenue. based on uh these uh products that we have developed and uh the customer engagements that we have currently. Thank you. Thank you dear shareholders and with that I would like to pass to Shiraz our Shiraat Kana our CFO for uh a quick update on the financials.
19  
20  Thank you so much uh Anan uh and good evening uh everyone. U I'll I will take you through the financial performance of the quarter in more detail and when and then we will uh open doors for the question answers. In terms of standalone as Anand had mentioned uh standalone revenue for Q1 came in at 236.8 crores uh against the 150.7 crores done in the previous previous year same quarter. This is a substantial 57 uh% growth year on year. Uh while it is a little lower as compared to the previous quarter which is quarter 4 of last year by 16%. Which is in line with our usual seasonality of our business where Q4 tends to be the strongest quarter of the year. Uh charge point operators OEMs tend to utilize their budgets and new budgets are taking time to be formalized in Q1. So this is a normal phenomena within the standalone book. Critical power grew by 80% year on year to 176 crores and EV grew by 15% yearon year. to 61 crores. Critical power was the standout driven by execution of the new telecom U and the government orders we won over the last two quarters. Standalone gross margins for Q1 stood at 29.1%. Which is 2% above the previous quarter which is Q4 of last year. Um on better pricing and customer mix in both the segments on a year onyear basis cross margin was down by about 3.6% prim primarily on account of the US-led input cost pressure partially offset by the favorable segment mix that we had standalone a beta came in at 20.9 Ks which is 8.8 with with a margin of 8.8% margin this is 137% growth over the same quarter last year which is quite phenomenal I mean in the terms of which is 8.8 crores uh from 8.8 crores in at 5.8% last year it has really grown up uh this this time uh the fixed cost was a challenging of 8.7 crores yearon year and I'll come back more on this in a moment but the operating leverage on higher revenue and richer mix more than absorbed the increase standalone pat stood at 4.9 crores at 2 1% margin far better and a meaningful turnaround from the last year same same time or in uh first quarter last year where we had reported actually a little bit of loss because of exceptional items depreciation has gone up this year 103 crores we have this is primarily because of post Hyderabad plant was commissioned and this is flowing into P&L other income was little lower than last year year on yearly because the IPO funds which were put in FD have now got utilized and the interest now has been uh stopped because the funds were utilized to get the plant uh constructed and completed. Moving on to consolidated financials on a consolidated basis the revenue of Q1 was 331.1 crores which is a good 61% increase yearon year as compared to the last year same quarter. Critical Power grew by 73% and EV grew by 50% on a consolidated basis. ATM delivered its second consecutive quarter of above 10 million first quarter of revenue. Consolidated margins was 31.7% probably stable as compared to the last quarter uh last quarter of last year on a year-to-year basis. Consolidated gross margin was lower that is primarily largely because of city of mix effect. has margin normalized with fresh inventory purchases coming through this year. Consolidated AEA loss narrowed as Anan mentioned down to 21.9 Ks had a 6.6 margin% margin negative. However, uh much improved from the previous year 38.6 cr negative that we had. There's a very meaningful and year-on-year improvement driven by better sales at both the standalone and titim level partially offset by the lower gross margins and higher fixed cost. The PAT again has shown improvement from the loss of 83.1 now down to 73.6 cr loss. So which we are seeing a healthy improvement happening. I mentioned about Hyderabad plant in a few places in my you know address to you and and Hyderabad plant as you mentioned since it's showing up in a few places we shared in financial aid. 6 that it had got commission and plant became operational in Q4 financial year 26 and now it's fully into production in Q1. This has two visible impacts on PNL. First depreciation is stepping in standalone depreciation is about 67% higher year on year and consolidated it is higher by 57%. Secondly the running and running of the Gorgam and the Hyderabad plant were in parallel during this transition phase. which is additionally approximately 8.7 crores to our fixed cost while the transition is happening. This is a planned and time bound investment. The Hyderabad facility gives us 3x production capability and capacity positioning us to a better deliver, 1400 crores or you know order book that we have and critically serving the demand pipeline that we built for the year financial year 27 and beyond. We expect the parallel run cost to phase out as Gorgana transition completes over the coming quarters. The working capital again uh is the lifeline for any organization and turning to the balance sheet I want to walk you through the working capital dynamics as you will see in the numbers inventory with Hyderabad and Gorgo plant running in parallel we have a temporary builtup inventory both in both the facilities this is by design we are stocking up both plants to ensure production continuously happens during this transition and to be ready for Q3 and Q4 book orders. We expect this to normalize as the transition stabilizes. Secondly, receivables account receivable is elevated, but this is in direct function of a sharp in revenue increase that we've had in Q1 revenue going up by 57%. On a year basis and 61% on consolidation basis, collections quality remain healthy and the aging profile is intact. Third, debt and liquidity consolidate debt stood at about 370 crores as on 30th June 26. Our debt coverage ratios remain well within the comfortable range. Our liquidity indicators are healthy and we have adequate headroom to fund both growth investment and working capitalized assets. We are managing the balance sheet with a lot of good discipline. So with this I think a consolidated u book u order of 1,400 crores plus on 30th of June a record high uh sales and Titium also looking up in terms of increased booking. We look forward to the next quarters with a positive uh intent. Thank you so much and back to uh back to you Rahul for question answers.
21  
22  Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone for phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star. And two, participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question Q assembles. The first question is from the line of Takar from Brighter Mind Asset Management. Please go ahead.
23  
24  Good evening sir. Am I audible?
25  
26  Yeah.
27  
28  Oh yes sir. You were at consolidated a break even in Q4 but have moved back to 22 cr a loss in Q1 despite 61% growth. So I want to understand that what were the key drivers of this sequential margin deterioration and how quickly do we expect to return to a break? That's my much.
29  
30  So, uh thank you for your question. Uh you're right. Uh last quarter we did have IITA break even owing to partly it was quarter 4 which uh usually is the highest revenue quarter for us. So uh in that light the AITA on the Indian business was much higher than in Q1 and in tritium also was slightly higher not because of sales but because when we acquired the company we had access to a decent bit of lowcost inventory uh which over time as we continue to sell has eroded. Uh so that made the margin for tridium uh we were earlier enjoying unreasonably high margins to uh now still good margins but not uh as high as we were enjoying earlier. So a combination of that resulted in a 22 kibbita loss. However, based on the order book that has today based on the order book that Exiccom has today. Uh I still expect tridium break even in uh uh quarter 427 but on a consolidated basis uh the break even uh maybe uh over the next two quarters it's I can't specify whether quarter two or three but uh on a consolidated basis it will be break even in quarter two or and onium levels by quarter quarter 427. Thank you.
31  
32  Right sir. Right sir. So on a follow-up question, uh Titanium's order intake doubled to $20.8 million in Q. So when do you expect these orders to start converting into revenue and uh does the order pipeline give you confidence in achieving the uh guided 3x revenue growth and the break even by Q4 FI27 that you have guided in uh the last call?
33  
34  Yes. So uh Now we are uh confident of that as I mentioned uh there are two types of growth levers happening at Tridium. Uh number one uh the current backlog of orders is quite significant. It is uh $20 million uh and uh that's just that was the backlog on uh you know 1st uh July. That doesn't mean there is not going to be more order booking uh as uh time progresses. Also There are some large strategic opportunities. These are uh large doubledigit million numbers of revenue which we are hoping to convert uh you know through this calendar year into commercial contracts which can be started executing uh which will be started uh you know which will be uh which will be executed beginning calendar. uh 27 first quarter, right? So based on both three things, the uh you know order backlog that we have, the pace of order book which we continue to build and some of these large strategic wins. Uh I'm sure that we will have 3x revenue growth compared to last year as well as aa break even uh in uh quarter 47. Right sir. So my last question uh with the Hyderabad plant now operational what is the current capacity utilization and where do you expect it to reach in FI27?
35  
36  So the Hyderabad plant uh was built for a much larger capacity for example 2x of the AC charging capacity that we had nearly 4,000 DC chargers. The infrastructure was built and we keep adding plant uh and machinery and lines as and when required. We are seeing a surge in demand in AC chargers because of higher vehicle registration in passenger as well as commercial segment. So we have uh just ordered another line for AC chargers. Uh so our you know in in my view our AC charger production uh run rate monthly run rate will almost grow by 50% in the next uh 3 months uh because of the demand overall capacity utilization I see on the DC charging to be about 65% uh you know because uh that's a heavier machinery and you know it's not a mass manufacturing product on AC charger I see close to 100% on DC power system line I see close to you know uh between 90 and 100% and on our PCBA lines which manufactures uh all the critical uh PCB assemblies that we uh uh design and develop I see utilization close to 100%. And same in batteries as well. So with the current plant and machinery capacity that we have put uh in uh you know most of the product lines we are close to uh you know between 90 and 100% utilization for DC charger you know it was never meant to be 100% utilization uh because of the you know the way their product sells that's about maybe uh 65%. Uh but this does not prohibit us from expanding and adding new capacities. Uh some of the challenges today is not capacity it's supply chain disruption. The geopolitical situation has caused supply chain disruption in semiconductors, anything plastic related, anything copper related has become very expensive. So, uh uh those disruptions uh impact uh you know availability of material and that's why uh sometimes don't allow us to fully use our capacity but you know our teams have been aggressively working on all those challenges and I think we have sought we have been able to sort out most of them better. than our peers.
37  
38  Got it sir. Thank you and good.
39  
40  Thank you.
41  
42  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Si from Vij Global Securities. Please go ahead.
43  
44  Yeah. Hi sir, good evening. I had a few questions. So uh firstly to start with in the EV charger segment just wanted to understand a couple of things. First is uh revenue mix. Let's say after 2 years between critical power and EV. Secondly, also wanted to understand that what is the kind of growth you're expecting in EV charges standalone as well as in Tritium in uh coming year. And so lastly, you just said that the capacity utilization was uh 2x uh the capacity utilization or the capacity expansion is 2x uh of what the current capacity is. But as I could see in the annual report, you went from 42,000 AC charges to 2A 22,000. So is there any uh confusion on my side?
45  
46  Yeah. So uh okay I remember first two of your questions but uh on the EV charging side uh you know we did about 277 crores of revenue on a standalone basis in FI20 uh six right and that was about 30% of our overall uh revenue uh and I think uh this year also uh probably uh you know the mix will be similar. It may increase a bit for EV but the mix will be similar. I know first quarter does not uh uh you know project that but a lot of the EV growth uh is just happening and some of this infrastructure uh built out will be as a result of this growth. I think we'll see that in the subsequent quarters. Uh so uh uh since the industry is growing, we also expect growth in our ED hardware uh business uh and uh allocate our resources. We cannot target you know every segment of growth uh and we have to make a conscious call to allocate our resources which uh are the most efficient use of our resources and are more most profitable. Uh so uh so answer your question I do see uh growth in our EV uh business from last year. and the percentage of split between two business divisions to be you know 7030ish it may be 65 35 but in that range you know not uh very often uh what was your other question so my other question was that in the annual report I read that uh we are expanding from 42,000 to 22,000 in AC charges but then I guess you answered to some other participant that uh the capacity expansion has been uh 2x of PV charges in AC. So uh is there a uh misunderstanding?
47  
48  I will uh I will check this uh again. I know the number of 2 lakh 20 is right. Uh I I think 48,000 was a single shift operation. U whereas uh I'm uh you know this doubling of the capacity is based on uh double shift operation. But uh uh I will uh take your coordinates and come back to you with an exact answer.
49  
50  Okay. Okay. And sir, uh second question of mine is that I just wanted to understand I mean how are we uh looking at depreciation the the kind of depreciation which I'm looking in the books uh that seems to be uh a bit on the higher side not a bit I mean a lot on the higher side. So so for example uh in FI26 the depreciation was uh was 116 road and our uh blog. So so I mean that comes to around 20 25%. So just wanted to uh get your views on the deprecation.
51  
52  Okay. So uh you know on a stand uh there are two things over here on a standalone and a consolidated basis. So uh on a standalone I think the depreciation is quite normal because of the new plan commissioning it increased by 10 to 12 cr. uh not much on Tridium. The uh you know in last two years we were in the product development journey uh and also as a result of acquisition uh we had to service uh certain customers uh just to uh you know because of the reasons we were not party to prior to our acquisitions. So there has been capitalization because of those reasons a heavy R&D investment to get the products out as I just mentioned uh and these will last for next five seven years of revenue journey for tritium uh and u yeah that's I I I think that's the primary uh reason uh not uh uh because of lot of uh physical capex as such uh but uh I think as soon as these projects start generating uh revenue which I think is going to be a quarter on calendar 27 or quarter 4 in this financial year. U you know uh you know we we'll see all that uh depreciation you know getting to use uh uh in in terms of uh that investment getting to use uh to uh start generating revenue but uh just when you look at a physician look at trium as well as India separately because there's the R&D based on Australia and America the R&D cost is quite quite uh massive uh quite sizable but then the product that they cater to like the products we make at Exiccom they cater to a let's say they'll cater to a billion dollar market by 2030 but the products that we're making at Tridium will cater to a $10 billion market in 2030. So when you when you see some of the investment you have to realize the context and the addressable market as well.
53  
54  Okay. So is it reasonable to assume that Q4 for TTM should be significantly higher in terms of top line and the bottom line will be doing good because of these revenues kicking in.
55  
56  Yeah. So that's uh you know again in business there are uh uh too many factors but today from uh all the signals that we have from backlog from order pipeline uh which you continue to build every month and some of the strategic uh um you know revenue opportunities uh which are large scale multi-year revenue opportunities we think uh all of them will uh would have started some of them are already started but all of them together to start and uh you know giving us uh the kind of revenue and pro profitability that we have been open for last two years that uh you know starting point uh will be uh Q4 uh 526. Yes.
57  
58  Understood. Understood. That's great. And so lastly uh in your presentation so the number of EV the number of EVs four four wheel EVs that are registered this quarter. So so what I want to understand or interpret is that let's say if your market share in these EV chargers is around 50 to 60%. So shouldn't it directly you know boil down to your number of units sold. So when you say that uh let's say uh 50,000 EV uh cars were registered this quarter. So shouldn't your uh charges sold be around 25,000? I mean doesn't it work that way?
59  
60  Yeah. So uh no good analysis and question. So uh yes and no. We supply what is called as wallbox chargers. If you if you have an EV you would know there are two types of chargers.
61  
62  Yes.
63  
64  Which are supplied with the car. One is a portable charger which is like An adapter looks like an adapter and uh one is a wallbox charger which gets mounted on the wall of your house somewhere. We have a very advantage in the wallbox charger not in the portable charger. Now what like it depends on company to company like MG with every car supplies a wallbox charger. So there your analysis would absolutely be right. But let's take some other car company uh not taking names but uh you know there are some car companies who who have e models from very low cost to very high cost. So for the mass models they do not supply a wallbox charger. So where you know we'll not end up supplying the chargers uh in in those categories even if there is growth. So it depends. So there's a good mix overall but generally uh the fleets and taxes usually they are not supplied by with ballbox chargers but generally speaking if there is growth we have to grow and uh I don't know if I mentioned this but I see our AC charger monthly volume uh has already increased by 50% as we speak from like a levels of last uh you know let's say December or November December uh and it's further going to increase by 50% over the next 3 months so yeah
65  
66  okay so any blended market share if you could provide a number
67  
68  interrupt sorry to interrupt Mr. Suraj could you please fall back into the queue or any call.
69  
70  Yeah. Yeah. I I will I will. So, I've asked the question already. I'll just get the number and I'll call back into you. No worry.
71  
72  Okay.
73  
74  Yes sir. So, uh hello.
75  
76  Yeah.
77  
78  Yes sir. So, just ask the question on so could you be uh able to provide the blended market share?
79  
80  Yeah. See blended I would not know uh as in our DHIP doc the wallbox charges At that time we had 60% market share. Uh I uh don't know of the exact number today but it will be it will be fairly high like you know uh this is uh uh my my estimation not from research report but I think for charger share still would be north of 50%.
81  
82  Okay understood understood. Thank you. I'll call back in. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. In order to ensure that the management is able to address questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per participant. I repeat, please limit your questions to two per participant. The next question is from the line of Himman Chen from Indira Securities. Please go ahead.
83  
84  Hi. Am I a
85  
86  Yes, you are.
87  
88  Hi. Okay. in a good quarter. So my question was regarding uh can you comment on your treating capacity in the US right at what capacity is it working?
89  
90  At what capacity sorry what
91  
92  is your uh manufacturing in the US working at?
93  
94  Yeah uh I I got that but the what's the question at what capacity?
95  
96  I mean at what capac utilization are we uh what is your top line that you can do in terms of manufacturing uh the DC charges over there and what are we doing financially?
97  
98  Yeah. So uh as you saw this quarter we did about 10 million of revenue. Uh I think the capacity there uh can service uh you know two and a half times of uh this uh revenue. So uh roughly uh you know let's say hundred billion dollars slightly more maybe and we're doing one foot of that today. Uh that's not because uh of uh structural problem but uh because of the turnaround which is underway and hopefully the frag end of it uh once uh the three pillars of uh other of legacy products which uh we have a backlog and continued pipeline and some of the strategic projects which are new products uh they get qualified. I think uh you know will be utilizing will have good utilization rates for uh that factory.
99  
100  Got it. And uh just another question uh um as you told in your presentation that our easy business on a consolidated basis grew almost 50%, but on a standalone basis it was roughly around 15%. So despite you know uh several tailwinds in the AC charging by Is there a reason that only 15% growth came on standalone basis?
101  
102  So on a standalone basis see uh first of all the momentum of EV charging vehicle has just picked up this quarter right? So some of the demand will follow but what happened is uh I think AC charger still would have grown but the value of AC charger is much less than a DC charge. On DC charger side what happened lot of customers due to you know realizing commodity forex and other associated geopolitical risk they upfront ordered a lot of charges in Q4 that's why you see a very high revenue of EV charging in quarter 4 which was primarily pulling in DC charger demand from quarter 1 so uh I don't have the numbers right now but AC charger may have grown by 30% also right but DC charger if it grew only by 10% % that's why you're seeing the effective blended growth rate at 15%. Uh so um you know so I think it's just the timing issue but this growth is not one time it's continuing uh and that's why I think we're going to see uh continued quarter on quarter growth uh for both AC and DC chargers.
103  
104  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashi Khan from Brighter Mine as management please go ahead.
105  
106  Uh thank you for the opportunity and good of know uh my first question about about the underutilization on the DME drives about the installation of chargers I mean the recent news articles are pointing towards the underutilization of the fund and uh can you light on this what could be the possible reason why things are not taking uh right shape on the ground Yeah. So see under utilization so charging is something which has to be deployed at the right location uh of the right power. Uh and when I see some good networks there is one in south there is one pan India there are some uh networks owned by the India's biggest conglomerates these are all having good utilization rates and some charging sites even have utilization rates of more than 20%. Which is like very very good. Excellent. U now when we look at charging infrastructure on aggregate on average that's not the right way to look at it because lot of older chargers deployed in 2020 2122 uh you know they're obsolete in terms of technology and power. You know today nobody will go to a 20 kW charger and charge their cars. You know the some of the charges deployed under tenders uh you know you know are not even working properly uh at you know the the highway location or city location in fact there was a study done by an independent uh consultant who gathered a lot of EV charging data u you know again you know I cannot uh say exactly about the accuracy of the report but there is that report that 30% to 35% of the deployed DC chargers are not even functional anymore. So our focus has always been on producing high quality reliable chargers. That's why you know India's best networks or most reliable networks would be on ExCom's uh charger. So it's a survival of the fittest. Eventually good product survives bad product dies. So whether the charging companies, good networks, people who are you know providing reli uptime uh you know charges and and good charging facilities uh you know those will survive and that's where we need to see the utilization uh etc right uh the locations which uh don't matter or are obsolete uh you know shouldn't figure out uh in in this calculation
107  
108  thank you that was the last question for the Okay, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks.
109  
110  So, uh I uh appreciate uh all the people stakeholders, shareholders joining this convers uh you know uh conversation with the management of Exiccom. Uh we have a lot of potential and we have for the first time industry tailwinds at a pace that we have never had before. Uh we have the new factory, we have Tritium on the verge of turnaround uh and we have put in all the hard work. Uh you know I see a light at the end of the tunnel uh which will result in not just scaled revenue but good profitability as well in the coming quarters. Thank you for staying with us, sticking with us and uh we are here to serve you and uh I think uh you know that journey is not far uh maybe couple of quarters uh away where you will see the expected results not just on stand alone but consolidated as well. Thank you
111  
112  on behalf of Monarch Network Capital Limited. That concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

```yaml
stage: A1-extractor
company: "EXICOM"
quarter: "Q1 FY27"
doctype: "concall"
model: claude-sonnet-5
status: complete
page_count: 1
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 112
unit_convention: "Crores (native, USD millions as spoken for Tritium/US figures, not converted)"
conversion_factor_to_cr: "Crores -> x1; USD figures left unconverted, downstream agent must source FX rate"
ocr_pages: []
page_coverage_pct: 100
detected_quarter: "Q1 FY27"
extract_path: "/home/user/inflection-pipeline/runs/exicom-q1fy27/work/extract_concall_exicom_q1fy27.txt"
gate_a1: pass
gap_note: ""
```
