E2E Networks Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call — Transcript (verbatim, operator-supplied)
Management: Mr. Taran Dua (Managing Director), Mr. Nitan Jain (Chief Financial Officer). IR: Vanessa Fernandes (Adfactors / ASA PR).

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to E2E Networks Limited Q1 FI27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Miss Vanessa Fernandez from the invest relations team at ASA. PIA. Thank you and over to you Miss

Good morning everyone. On behalf of E2E Networks Limited, I would like to welcome you all to the earnings conference call for quarter 1 FY27. Today on the call, we have with us top of the management Mr. Taran Dua, managing director of E2E networks and Mr. Nitan Jen, chief financial officer of E2E networks. We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management. followed by a Q&A session. All participant lines will be in listenonly mode during the management's remarks and the floor will be open for questions thereafter. Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject risks and uncertainties would cause actual results or rejections to defer materially from those statements. E2 networks holds no responsibility for any actions taken based on such statements and under takes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. I now hand over the call to Mr. Taran Dwa for his opening remarks. Over to you Taran.

Uh thanks Kissa and hi everyone. Uh good morning to all of you and uh we hope you had a uh good last couple of months uh since we last spoke and uh I'll try and do a very brief coverage of uh some of the progress that we have made during the last quarter and uh then also briefly touch upon like how do we see ourselves in uh today's world uh and then I'll hand over the call to Nathan to talk about some of the financial highlights of this quarter and uh then we'll be opening the floor for questions. So in this quarter like we have had like a couple of uh milestones uh major amongst those being that like we went live with our blacks. So uh the,024 blacks that we uh had received uh during uh last couple of the month like went online and uh uh they were put on revenue. Now uh that was a major thing. Uh we continued to strengthen our sovereign AI platform which we'll be talking more about like why we believe that is the future. And uh uh then like we've seen like uh uh some of the revenue also scaling up on our platform. So uh coming back to like why we feel that like uh uh so apart from this like we uh have continued to make investments into our technology platforms uh in terms of strengthening our team and organization and And uh we are very very focused on helping build an ecosystem of customers and partners who can help us become uh a high growth organization. Now coming back to sovereign AI and why sovereign AI is important. Uh in the past we have spoken about like uh why we are trying to gravitate towards higher valued tokens. Now uh when we look at the state of the opensource today um in terms of like where the open source models are uh what we find is that like they are very very close behind the frontier uh models which are available only through API excel. Now sovereign models like uh using a new cloud operator or an AI factory uh like E2 network you are able to deploy uh within your orc boundary where you control using our uh platform like how the model would be deployed, how the model would be fine-tuned, what data the model can access, what is the state that model can retain, what is the state that model should forget, you can control everything using the sovereign AI platform that we have built. Uh so the open weight models today running on top of us the AI factory using the software platforms that we have built like including T and Java lab. uh uh you have like three layers that form the base uh of how the customer is going to kind of like use their own sovereign AI and uh uh on top of that you can put like your own aentic framework of like being able to observe, think and act and which is something that acts as uh hardness which is the execution loop that would uh that runs your observe thinking cycle with a state tracking and tool invocation uh and wraps like uh your raw model into reliable instick workflows that you as an enterprise could essentially use. Now with open source coming very very close to uh how the frontier models are working like uh we are very close to achieving sovereignity uh AI sovereignity for our customers where like all four components kind of like interoperates with each other using the software that we provide to our customers and uh that is what we believe is the key for E2E to be able to help the customers uh leverage the entire E2 stack using open source to kind of like like uh make organizations AI enabled. So both from the perspective of uh kind of like either running their own in-house uh small language models or even large language models uh which are proprietary to them or help them fine-tune open-source models which are now very very close to capability in terms of where Frontier models lie today. So uh like we are able to kind of like capture value for our customers at each of these layers. Uh as opposed to uh kind of like uh frontier models which are not old but only rented and uh are subject to various risks uh both of the nature of like uh political as well as um simply because like a private organization controls who can access their model and who they would suddenly decide that okay this is not an ultimate use case let us shut down this customer so open-source uh based models on sovereign AI factory like a eliminates that risk of uh someone sitting a couple of thousand miles away and judging you for how you're going to use your AI so as a company we are very very focused on building the operating leverage for us on the principle of like do less and do better and uh this allows us to have higher quality partnerships and higher future growth without us uh relying on his vanity matrix. So with that I would like to hand over the call to little uh where he can explain like how we have done this quarter based on uh some of the philosophy that we have spoken about. Over to you.

Thank you, Tarun. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I would walk you through the financial performance for the first quarter FY 2027. Let me start with the quarterly highlights. Revenue for the quarter stands at 1568 million which is up 334% yearonear and 64% quarteron quarter. IDA stood at 11. 79 million with margins expanding up to 75.2%. IDA margin expended 1450 basis points compared to Q4 2026. We clocked profit before tax at 586 million compared to 86 million in Q4. The patch stood at 439 million. The performance for the quarter is driven by operating leverage and the B200 cluster going live. Now I would like to open the floor for questions.

Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on your touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. As a reminder to all the participants, please restrict yourself to two questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll wait for a moment while the question Qseles. The first Question comes from the line of Neil Muno with Eco Capital. Please go ahead.

Hi sir, good morning. Yeah. Hi Mr. Yes. Yes, please go ahead. Yeah sir. Uh this current quarter revenue and MR jump. Can you give us a mix between uh volume and utilization versus pricing? How much is driven by utilization? How much is driven by pricing? So like uh uh we talking about revenue. So uh like of course there is the expansion both in terms of utilization and uh addition of capacity uh so which have both majorly driven the revenue uh as opposed to like just uh pricing alone where we have seen a very moderate impact in this uh preview for uh the bottom that we're buying. Understood. And uh for the new B200s that we've deployed midmay uh have they been committed fully in terms of capacity as in terms of utilization? Yeah, like it's it's quite a maximal utilization of uh capacity that we have and so is this on Indian AI committed to India mission or on our own platform? Um so like uh uh currently like we are in a uh process of like uh working with a customer around these GPUs and uh uh kind of like in a uh couple of weeks uh we can figure out like uh how this goes forward in the future.

Thank you Mr. Monot. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes on the line of Bharat Kulati with Dalal Abu just stopped talking. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi. Hi. Yeah. Hi. Thank you Tuna for the opportunity. Uh just regarding utilization levels for our H100, H200 and B200s. So what would have been the exact uh mix in the exit MR for this quarter and what would how much more runway do we have to grow? I understand we've announced a price hike in the month of July. So what kind of impact is that going to give us in Q2 in terms of MR growth. Yeah. Uh see we are majorly focused on uh increasing the uh utilization of the existing fleet which is uh pretty much u at like uh maximum levels compared to any previous quarter. Uh now that being said like the major growth will come from uh capacity addition as opposed to uh majorly on the uh price side is what we believe. Got it. And uh sir you just spoke about soft cloud. So just trying to understand that these uh you know sovereign workflows that we are hosting are they yielding us better EBIT margins? Are they sort of asset light in nature and the private cloud uh business that we had iterated a couple of quarters back? Has that started to kick in? Uh if you can show throw some light on that. See the operating leverage is obviously kicking in as like we have increased the amount of capacity. Uh now you asked a bunch of questions. So so soft cloud like uh essentially is like a subsidy which where the idea is to be able to kind of like uh hold and contract large scale GPU clusters. Uh then you ask like a couple of more things like if you could repeat.

Thank you Mr. Gulati. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Gandhi. with Bajage Alternate Investment Management Limited. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi. Thanks. Hi. Hi. Congratulations on very good set of numbers. Commendable. Uh yeah. Yeah. So I just wanted to understand next B200 deliveries when can we expect any timeline if you can provide? Uh so we expect them to be here in next couple of months. So like we'll obviously be keeping everyone informed once they're there. Okay. And so would you like to guide for exit MR full year basis this year? We don't provide a guidance on MR. We always kind of like advise uh uh everyone to look at like what we have done in the past rather than kind of like predict the future. So again like we would like to reiterate that let's let's look at the past by quarter exit MR rather than predict something for the future.

Sir, thank you Mr. Gandhi. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes on the line of Nishan Jooshi with Equisense Advisor Private Limited. Please go ahead.

Sir, good morning. Uh, I have a query regarding. Can you give a beration? How much of this revenue is coming from insurance and how much it comes from and can you give an outlook for next two or three quarters how this ratio would change? Uh, see we are pretty uh uh small in terms of like size and volume. So major volumes of course like continue to be on training. Now that being said, we have increasingly seen that like while people run their training clusters uh uh during their working hours, uh they also utilize the same clusters for running like inference during the night. So uh pretty much hard to pin down uh the fungibility of compute to say that like okay when the workload is training and when the workload is in train. Uh we have seen like both the use cases being run in parallel where you can't like put a specific number to okay how many GPUs are on training and how many GPUs are on difference. Uh pretty much both the workloads along with the tech increasingly workload uh continue to be run on the AM infrastructure. So sir is it that margins are better on getting part and pretty lower on the infrance. It's hard to measure like what part is there on training and inference. Now eventually of course like uh at a global level of compute like inference will have a prequondrance over training. Uh but like on a very small subset of GPUs like we are literally talking about 5,000 or so GPUs like very very hard to kind of like say that okay what percentage is on training today and what percentage is on the internet.

Thank you Mr. Joshi. Please join the queue for more questions. Next question comes on the line of quesai. Please go ahead.

Congrat. Yeah. Hi, I'm good. How are you? I'm good. Congratulations on the great quarter. So if you could help us understand the recent success entity and And I think you already spoke about soft cloud. So like whether this you know any of these mentors or financing or maybe asset vehicle or maybe if you can just throw some light on that. Uh sorry I didn't really understand your question like can you repeat uh your voice was not clear. So yeah so actually we recently set up uh entities in Delware and the GPU infrastructure entity and the soft cloud. I think you already spoke about that. Sure. Sure. So if you can get some color on these subsidiaries please. Sure. Sure. Sure. So South Cloud is essentially an infrastructure subsidiary very very focused on uh buildout of the infrastructure and uh the uh US entity the Delaware entity obviously is focused on uh selling uh in the international markets and uh being able to establish presence outside India uh where like we can work both towards like market experts as well as uh do alliance management as well as like service customers who are outside India. Sure. And I think on the presentation you mentioned uh in under the soft law section that you know large scale GPU deployment and enabling funding arrangement to accelerate accelerate this AI infrastructure. If you can provide some maybe strate strategic insights on this plan. Uh so very early days like so Can we do more like we'll obviously uh announce that.

Thank you Mr. Gish. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes on the line of Vun Gandhi with Finn Avenue growth fund. Please go ahead.

Hi. Hi. Hey Taran. Again great set very positively uh so crunched. Um number one would be on the margins going for forward. Should we expect these sort of gross margins to be normal? Because you know it's it's the best margin we've seen in the recent history. Yeah. So it's a it's a it's a combination of like increased utilization like uh very robust demand scenario in the market and also majorly driven by like uh operating leverage as we grow larger. Now uh as we grow in size like uh we obviously intend to have a judicious mix of uh both contracted revenue as well as the on demand and spot revenue and uh also explore like uh various AI services in terms of like uh inference and agent uh based on open source models. So uh like uh uh I I do believe that like this is uh quite sustainable uh over the medium-term and potentially the long term. Got it. Secondly, is there a chance you could uh you know share a mix between uh uh revenue contribution by customers? So for example, enterprise AI customers uh startups. See we are see we are quite small for that right now. So let us grow try to focus on growing bigger. Uh so because like is kind of like becomes like a tracking matrix for everyone once we say oh this is important and then people start tracking something and then uh there is potentially no relevance for these matrix today. So my advice would be that like let us not do this today like I think like at certain point of time at a certain scale uh probably it would start making sense today at 5,000 GPUs um and another thousand coming in like still the size is too small to start talking about these metrics is uh what we believe.

Thank you Mr. Gandhi. Please join the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Vidant with minimal securities. Please go ahead.

Am I audible? Hi. Hi. Yes. Please go. Uh firstly congratulations sir on the great set of numbers. Uh my question pertains to outlook on AI industry like uh we are listening some kind of things about AI bubble and simultaneously China developing some AI models which are cheap and very competitive to American model. So what are your comments on that part and if something like happen like AI commoditization happens so how do you see what we believe is Sure sure so I I'm hearing you I'm hearing you sir Uh so what we believe in is that like uh essentially like uh it is still day zero in the world of AI. If you are plugged into the AI ecosystem, I think like uh every week there are some very significant pieces of news related to AI technology. Uh some of them tend to get picked up by media and blown out of proportion and people start to pay attention to that. We believe that like some of those uh things are uh uh which are equally important are completely ignored. So it is still day zero at AI. Uh we are still in the midst of like largest buildout in the history of history still where the whole world is building uh the AI super cycle and uh I think like we are at the beginning of that AI super cycle and uh it's still day zero at AI. I don't think like we should worry too much about okay this happened and will the whole AI industry compress because of this one event or uh this new thing that is happening. So I don't think we have come to that sort of stage anywhere where like one uh particular news item that we are hearing is like going to change the whole AI industry like I I don't think uh that's the case today. I think like pretty much like we are seeing a very broad trend where uh most organizations in their AI adoption are fairly early except for AI natives. Everyone else is like fairly early in the ecosystem. And I think the runway for AI is very very long. Uh I think in the past we have spoken about like this is like a decadal theme. I think we've just begun that uh uh decadal theme uh of AI adoption amongst the organizations. I don't think we should start worrying about this or that new right. uh like I said there is a lot of news on AI which uh doesn't get captured by media which is equally important. Some of the things get captured and then get blown out of proportion. So I wouldn't worry too much about any of the news items related to AI which either are predicting like tomorrow the old of AI is changing or tomorrow there is a doomsday scenario in AI. I don't think either of them are true. Yeah. Okay sir, thank you. I I hope I have been able to answer your question. Yes. Yes. So you you expressed your views. Thank you so much for that. And my second question is uh like uh there was some computing shortage I think. So that's why your realizations have increased some bit. So how you see it going forward on the realization part the demand supply gap between the computing GPUs? I think that It's like again like we have to look at like over a uh couple of years. So like the compute needs could come in phases like so there would be phases where there is like shortage of demand. There would be phases where there is shortage of supply. Eventually if you look at like a long enough cycle of five six years uh for any particular set of assets they would see both good times and maybe slight bad times. Uh where hopefully with increasing adoption All of these curves would smoothen out a lot more where customers could be able to predict demand in advance and uh the supply side would react uh accordingly and uh eventually that demand would back supply in a way that like uh uh nobody is losing money whether it is the buyers of AI compute or whether it is the sellers of AI compute. I think like we'll all find our equilibrium in the medium term. So uh majorly like we are not really talking about like the uh uh uh kind of like increased pricing as a result uh resulting into like the stupendous set of numbers majorly like our numbers reflect the increased capacity and increased operating leverage more than anything else.

Thank you Mr. Vizant. Please reach on the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Shibbam Tamaraka CFA with Aluras. Please go ahead.

Hi. Am I audible? Yes sir. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Thank you sir for uh giving this opportunity. Uh first of all great set of numbers. So I have a question with respect to the price increase. So uh sorry your voice is not audible. Now it is audible sir. Yeah. Yeah. Now it is audible. Yeah. So I'm just trying to understand that how much capacity is still there at at old prices and uh what is there any push back we see when we increase our prices. Um okay. So uh uh essentially like uh we are in this for the long term. Now what we find is that like uh for every generation that we deploy like uh there would be ups and downs in each of those generations and eventually each generation of GPUs will find their sweet spot in terms of price performance uh ratios and uh obviously like all contracts need to be honored uh wherever we enter into contracts with customers whether they are advantageous to us or whether they could be slightly disadvantageous to us like so I think essentially like we are here to play for the long term. Uh so like with regard to push back on pricing I think like uh making sure that like the customers are able to find value in our software and orchestration platform and uh are able to experience our solutioning and support. Uh and we are able to access higher quality customers is more important to us than worry about uh like pricing alone as a way to do business. So uh like our goal is to kind of like have like a very harmonious relationship with our customers and uh I do believe that like customers do understand that the uh market is offering a certain set of goods and services at a certain price and uh that needs to be respected and I don't feel that like there is like uh very negative uh uh uh what you call push back from the customers that like look uh this is something that uh uh has to be available at this price and continue to be available at this price. Uh of course post contracts like uh the price needs to be renegotiated and like uh most customers are happy to renegotiate the price based on the current market scenario and current market conditions. Fine and uh so the second question with respect to uh the timelines of new capacity and the capex plan that we are uh thinking of so if you can help us to understand this also and also funding. We obviously plan to deploy the B200 as soon as the new lot becomes available to us and we are expecting that to happen soon over next couple of months and apart from that like we obviously plan to build more capacity uh in terms of more blacks uh uh including like non- flagship blackwells as well and uh also we have plans to expand our capacity into Varin and uh as and when we kind of like uh uh uh have immediate figures or like okay like we are going to deploy x number of GPUs of this generation uh will obviously come in uh uh talk about that. So uh for now I would like to maintain that like we are uh both aggressive as well as judicious uh in terms of our capacity expansion and uh being a uh AI factory a neocloud uh owning its own platform like for us like uh uh definitely getting more GPUs is like the way forward for us and uh we would continue to do that.

Thank you Mr. Tamarakal. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes in the line of Rohan Nakpal with Helios Capital. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi. Hi Ro. Hi. Uh thanks for taking my question. Congrats again numbers. Um so I had a question on renewed uh GPU uh renewed CPU pricing that you were that you had uh intimated customers of. Uh so uh two questions on that. One is it driven purely by uh market conditions changing and demand increasing or is there an underlying uh cost pressure that's driving the cost increase over there. And the second thing was um you intimated a price increase going live then you rolled it back uh and you pushed it out a little further. So can you just talk about the dynamics over that? Sure sure. So see primarily uh on CPU like the It's not like a very major uh volume from a revenue perspective today for us. Uh that being said like we would like to continue to add CPUs. Uh which is what necessitated increase in pricing for the CPU customers because uh at whatever price point we offer our services like we would like our services to be of the highest quality and to maintain that quality like the requirement was that like we should be able to charge more. Now uh we obviously proposed that to our uh longerterm customers and uh uh so there was like an ask from the customers that okay like whatever we have are already using like is there a way to preserve the price point for us. So where we offered that yeah like uh if you would like to kind of like contract out some of the capacity for a slightly longer term uh say 1 year 2 years then we can hold the current price for the duration of the uh contracting which is an option that many of our customers chose where they said that okay like we'll pay you like some advance and we'll increase the contract length from normal 1 month to about say a year or 6 months or 9 months or even more than a year. So many of the customers came back and they agreed to that. So so that's the main dynamic around CPU pricing where the customer who wanted to hold the current price. We were able to give them an option that yes, why not uh contract out that capacity that you are already using for uh slightly longer term and uh then we can like proceed with the revision of your current contracted capacity which allows us to service you at a higher quality and which allows us to continue to expand the capacity. Uh especially since the price of hardware uh from a CPU perspective has increased by much larger percentage uh compared to the price of hardware on the GPU side. So because like uh the cost of memory that has increased has hit the CPU side much higher in percentage terms than uh the GPUs. So uh to accommodate that like we had to uh in fact like increase the price of both the GPUs and CPUs. And it's not just about the uh higher demand scenario. that associated the price increase. So it was also that like some of these infoscopes actually increased for us. Thank you.

Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashish Ajit Ka with Pent LLP fund. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi. Congratulations. Are you able to hear me? Thank you. Thank you sir. Yeah. Uh the question was that in the PPT you mentioned that you have started preliminary planning for next generation architectures like NIA V300 and VA. Now you know that the current compressed life cycle of AI hardware which you always mentioned in earlier calls. How do you protect the ROI for the older hooker and blackwell successor because what happens uh you only in your last two three calls you have mentioned that prime frequency kept aggressively downstream. So this is my first question and second question I'll ask when you finish this question. Thank you. Uh okay sure let me try and answer the question as best as I can. So we've always maintained that like we see at least at least at the minimum a six year life cycle for all the GPU generations and we have seen like even our older generations continue to run very strong. uh with our customers. Uh so like every generation will run through its life cycle where eventually it finds a sweet spot of price and performance ratios uh aided increasingly by uh increase in performance and efficiency uh in uh of the open source model uh and uh fine-tuning that like a lot of people uh share in open source that okay how do we get uh an F100 to perform this much on this open-source model uh in terms of tokens per second or latency or H100 or an H200 or a B200 or the new generations of like B3 or VO. So all of that put together like gives the GPU quite a long life cycle. So where we believe that like that long life cycle is conducive to uh kind of like monetize those GPU uh through uh like almost like five to six years uh and uh uh uh kind of like we don't see foresee that uh there is a massive price compression uh because of the newer generation GPU coming in uh because newer generation will have its own sweet spot for price performance ratio for some of the newer models uh but like whoever is using the uh uh uh smaller models or older models they don't uh necessarily or people who have built their own proprietary SLS they don't necessarily tend to kind of like go for uh the latest greatest uh generation GPU at a much higher price point because as uh a newer model will obviously have like a increasingly higher cost uh by whatever percentage that number is. okay uh thank you The question is uh like the accelerated computing now is deeply anchored to end with your ecosystem. So considering I wanted to talk regarding the ASIC threat that how does E2 threshold uh structure to integrate non architecture and with the architecture hardware into the platform u because if the enterprise demand diversify how do you address this issue I hope I'm clear on this um not super But like what I heard like I tried to answer that. So we have worked the longest time on GPUs with Nvidia like all the way from 2019 onwards and uh obviously like they have certain best practices and they have released a lot of open source uh around like how to kind of like integrate and wrap around your GPUs uh uh in your platform. So there is a lot of uh opinion over there from media and uh we continue to incorporate like a lot of opinion and advice and their open-source software into our platforms. Uh so that we continue to do that being said like we are also open to integrating like any accelerated computing platforms uh into our platform uh wherever like uh our software can be compatible with anything. We are super happy to extend our software to encompass any technology from any provider. We are like quite uh vendor neutral in that respect. Thank you. I was able to answer your question.

Thank you Mr. Kisha. Please rejoic queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Abishek Shindra with Incred Capital. Please go ahead.

Hi. Hi. Hi sir. Uh thank you for the opportunity and congrats on an amazing quarter. Uh just two questions. One Okay. Uh uh one is on the sustainability and the visibility of the current performance. Uh so basis all the operating metrics that you may be tracking internally if you can just give a color in terms of uh the sustainability and the visibility of this performance going into uh you know uh this 2Q and 3Q. And second um uh you kind of highlighted it but just wanted to understand uh are customers now trying to lock in capacity for longer uh Given both the increase in the prices and what we are seeing in the entire hardware ecosystem especially uh from a supply chain perspective and does that uh kind of improve the annuity uh you know visibility for us uh given historically we had um you know uh short cap short cycle uh capacity as well. Uh sure sure. So definitely like uh there are customers who who uh do prefer like longer term contracts because uh they would not like their prices to increase like uh willy-nilly like uh because they were on on demand or monthly or very short-term contracts and there again we have seen increased demand from the customer side where they would like to see uh longerterm contracts of like uh 2 to 3 years uh coming their way and uh uh so as we judic ally judiciously move some some percentage of our capacity like I we haven't decided like what percentage that should be so that definitely builds in predictability uh for the demand that we have for our capacity and build some predictability into the revenue. So we'll obviously continue to explore those options as well as like execute those options and we have done some of that and we have announced some of that in the past as well. And we would continue to uh increasingly do so as well. And uh we also like some of our capacity to have the flexibility of where we are able to charge higher uh when the demand goes up. So that also we'll continue to do. Now you had one more question like can you repeat the second part of your question? Yes. The the first uh the question was about the visibility and the sustainability of the current quarterly performance. Right right right. So this is like uh in our belief like quite sustainable because like uh I think each of the generations are uh which are already there are finding their sweet spot in terms of price performance and we believe that like over the medium term they are quite sustainable and at those price points quite a few customers are very willing to uh sign up like longerterm contracts. So we find there is a lot of predictability over there. uh both predictability as well as sustainability of the uh revenue.

Thank you Mr. Shindatk. Please Sujandiq for more questions. Next question comes in the line of Bat Kulati with Dal and just stop. Okay, please go ahead.

Yeah, hi thank you for the follow. So just two parts to my question for Taruna. Uh firstly the breakup last quarter for domestic for domestic and foreign business was 50 60 uh 6040 and uh India emission was about 40% last quarter. So what what has that trended to this quarter and in terms of your ambition for let's say 2 years out how many GPUs should we be sitting at? Uh and just I have a followup for Nathan after this. Yeah. Uh sure sure. So with regard to capacity building like we uh we've already said that like we intend to be both judicious as well as aggressive. uh now from a revenue composition in the uh previous quarter I think India revenue was about like 20 21%. And international was like closer to 37 uh% or so uh and rest is like all domestic revenue. So uh yeah yes yeah that's those are the numbers. Got that and just on for Nitan sir is with regards just a couple of bookkeeping questions with regard to the interest spike we've seen. during this quarter is that due to some debt we've taken on for the capeex and uh regarding the DC cost that hits our P&L uh has it completely got baked into this quarter's numbers should we see that flatlining going forward? Yeah. So in terms of the interest portion you are right the interest is because of the loan that we have taken across to fund the first uh lot of B200 and second in terms of the cost for DC cost it would be fluctuating to the extent as the usage would be increasing so the electricity portion would keep on increasing and what percentage would that be of our entire DC cost I'm understanding our DC cost for the quarter was close to 20 these are not these are not like super granular numbers like so broadly like uh uh a lot of the cost for existing capacities already baked in for this quarter and like uh in the coming quarters like some of that cost would increase but like I don't think that would be a very massive percentage. Yeah.

Thank you Mr. Gulati please to jo for more questions. Next question comes on the line of Py Gandhi with Paj Alternate Investment Management Limited. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for the followup. Uh so two questions. One is regarding the absolute loan and capeex for the uh loan amount uh outstanding as of uh for the quarter and the total capeex plan for the year. And the second question is regarding so we mentioned the PPT we are looking for funding requirements for sovereign cloud so cloud so you can throw some light on that as well uh sorry I didn't understand the question like u so you talking about like cloud like uh what is the exact question yeah yeah so what are the funding requirements uh that we are looking for south cloud any plans if you can share on the south cloud especially in the PPT you mentioned about the We always say that like let us build and execute the plans and then kind of like uh uh put them uh out there. So uh like as we build and execute the plans like we would obviously make everyone aware of those plans. Uh and what was the other question? Absolute loan amount if you can mention short-term long-term debt uh for the year and the capex plan for the year. I I'll let Nan answer the question related to the loan. Yeah. So the loan which stands as of now is broadly 450 CR which with the other lot coming in picture it would be increasing across uh in the near term. Yeah possible to quantify that sir total loan amount peak bid for the year quantifying that about.

Thank you. Mr. Gandhi, please join the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Ashish Ajit Kcha with B Ventures LLP funds. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Hi sir. Yeah. Yes. My question was the preferential issue total uh around 2 years was 15919 1.9 K. Uh so wanted to understand uh are you planning for the equity raise also? Uh because uh point is whatever the uh which you have basically shown earlier wanted to understand where is that 81.1 apex gone if you could share that utilization it would be really great this is my first question sir. so I'll answer let answer the question about like utilization of uh preferential funds which were allocated towards like the uh that is one And uh second like whatever uh GPUs we have already announced uh their funding is fully arranged and uh backed up by debt or internal approval for uh previous equity raises. So that is already arranged for us and uh uh with regard to like any uh future plans for equity raises like obviously we would let everyone know if if and when that happens. Okay. Uh and maintenances. Another thing was in the Q4 call the 3,900 figure was described as APU and GPU storage all capacities put together but the current PP which you have shared yesterday which is very good present at that 3,900 and 5,100 on a chart titled GPU trajectory. So this 5,100 is uh what you are accelerating or banded capacity unit. I hope my question is clear. Yes. So nearly 5100 is the current capacity which is live on our platform today. That's the number of GPUs which are uh live today. So that does not include the uh another 1,024 B200 we are expecting soon.

Thank you Mr. Ka please for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Chilag Satia with Satia Investments. Please go ahead.

Hi. Hi. Hi. Uh sir, I just wanted to understand uh the financial dynamics of the strategic partnership with L&T. Um okay. So what is the exact question over there? I mean uh how does that uh I mean in terms of revenue, how does it work out for you? How do they pay you or something? Sure. Sure. So uh like see like LN like uh is an arms length partner uh where like we are working with them to uh kind of like utilize their data center capacity. So like we are a buyer over there uh they tend to utilize our cloud infrastructure where they are the buyers uh and then uh uh jointly with regard to our platform we do go to customers uh so that is there uh now uh so that's how the arrangement is basically and uh like uh tomorrow like if L&T is building uh compute capacity then we are also looking to uh kind of like partner with them and like obtain some of that capacity so like all relationships at uh arms length are present and uh we'll continue to kind of like operationalize over a period of time. okay and uh Second question is uh how do you see the growth trajectory in the next uh 2 to three years? Okay. Okay. Okay. So like we uh have mentioned that like basically like AI is entering into like a huge uh super cycle. So we fully intend to be a part of that like buildout in terms of like uh both the infrastructure capacities like again aggressively and judiciously. And in terms of like build out of our platform where our platform is able to increasingly help our customers do more uh in terms of like whether it is like training their inhouse models or pointing opensource models or running inference at a scale or running analytics hardnesses that are able to take care of their enterprise uh AIdriven processes. So we want to be able to help our customers atively in all these aspects.

Thank you. Mr. Satya, please join the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of Sukrit. Partil with Isite Fin Private Limited, please go ahead.

Good morning. I have two questions. In the first question, Mr. Dwise uh this quarter growth is uh very good but the cloud industry is entering a tougher phase. Uh hyperscalers are scaling aggressively, customers are pressing harder on pricing and technological are also getting short. How do you see uh the company positioning itself? We have been in this business for 16 plus years. So we have seen everything. So like uh uh cycles will continue. There would be good times, there would be bad times. But uh like we are very confident that like for every cycle like we will uh kind of like continue to grow. So that's what we believe it. Second question to Mr. J is uh how does want to understand how are you approaching the balance between funding expansion, keeping liquidity strong and ensuring shareholders return. Looking ahead to the next quarter uh any uh road map that can uh you can give a layout on. Thank you. So I think from a funding perspective we keep a balance between the funding and the building up capacity aggressively and judicially. So there we keep a quite balance that we should not be too aggressive uh or we should not miss the bus which is the India AI bus. Oh sorry which is the uh AI bus.

Thank you. Hello. Yes speakers. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Due to time constraints we have reached the end of question and answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tuna for closing comments. Uh thank you everyone for joining us this early in the morning and uh I hope we have been able to uh we have been able to answer most of your questions and uh we do welcome this interaction and uh uh any further questions please do reach out to us at investors2.com and uh uh we will uh reach out back to you and like answer uh all your queries. Uh uh and uh like we hope to keep you updated about our uh ongoing expansion plan and uh uh kind of like keep you informed about like what we are building on the platform, how we are seeing things and uh we hope to keep communicating and uh uh uh a very good morning once again to everyone and uh please have a good day and uh we would like to thank all our investors. We would like to thank all our partners. Uh we would like to thank all our team members. Uh it is with all your support and love that like we have reached where we have reached and uh we hope to continue to enjoy your support uh in our ongoing journey and thank you everyone once again. Thank you on behalf of E2E Networks Limited. That concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.
