[page 1]
Hitachi Energy India Limited
Registered and Corporate Office:
8th Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401,
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru - 560 092
Email ID: investors@hitachienergy.com
Phone: 080 68473700
CIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597
hitachienergy.com/in
November 13, 2025
The Secretary,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543187
The Manager,
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
‘Exchange Plaza’, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on November 07, 2025
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the
Analysts/Investors on Friday, November 07, 2025 and the same can be accessed at
https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-relations/analyst-section.
Kindly take the same on your records.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
For Hitachi Energy India Limited
Poovanna Ammatanda
General Counsel and Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
[page 2]
Public
1/27
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q2 FY-26
Analyst Conference Call – November 07, 2025
MANAGEMENT:
Mr. N Venu – Managing Director & CEO, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Ajay Singh – Chief Financial Officer, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Poovanna Ammatanda - General Counsel & Company
Secretary, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Ms. Seema Siddiqui – Head of Communications and Government
Relations, Hitachi Energy India Limited 
[page 3]
2/27
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to Hitachi Energy
India Limited's Q2 FY '26 Analyst Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu – MD and CEO, Hitachi
Energy India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Venu.
N. Venu: Thank you, Nirav. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you
very much for joining us. I hope you are all doing well. And over the next
20-25 minutes, I will take you through our performance for this quarter,
which ended on September 30th, 2025. And we have uploaded
presentation on the stock exchange. For your convenience, I will call
out the slide numbers.
And in this room together with me are our CFO – Ajay Singh; our
General Counsel and Company Secretary – Poovanna; and our Head of
Communications and Government Relations, Seema Siddiqui,  here with
me.
You all know on September 30th, India reached a historic milestone as
the country's total installed electricity capacity surpassed 500 gigawatt,
reaching 500.89 gigawatt. It reiterates the growing energy network in
India and an increased focus on advanced grid technology,
digitalization, storage, and integrated solutions.
At Hitachi Energy, we understand the significance of these evolving
dynamics and it is also reflected in our operational and financial
performance.
I am starting with the presentation and moving to  Slide #3, which is our
license to operate, that is safety. Safety is fundamental to our license to
operate In Q2 '25-'26, the focus on safety continued to keep the injury
[page 4]
3/27
frequency rate under control through timely prevention actions and
several initiatives across our factories, project sites, and offices. This is
reflected in the appreciation letters and awards we received from our
customers and stakeholders for adhering to the highest safety
standards at our project sites.
At Hitachi Energy, we prioritize and remain committed to our
employees' well-being with a special focus on mental health. Towards
that end, we introduced the Kyan App this fiscal year, which offers
online personalized support for mental well-being. Furthermore, during
the quarter, we organized several health initiatives, including multiple
awareness sessions on first aid and basic life support, emergency
preparedness, so on and so forth.
Moving to the Slide #4, which is also another key driver for our growth,
is our sustainable target- ESG target. Sustainability, you all know, is a
key part of Hitachi Energy's business strategy and fits into our
company's purpose, which inspires the next era of sustainable energy.
The company's sustainability strategy is built around 3 interconnected
pillars, which are planet, people, and principle, each working together
to fulfil its purpose. We have set ESG target for 2030. We have also
released 2030 strategy of our ESG targets.
Under the planet pillar, we are confident of achieving more than 76%
reduction in CO2 emissions in the financial year '25-'26 in our
operations from our targeted 50% reduction, compared to our baseline
year of 2019 emissions. Similarly, we have achieved 69% reduction in
waste disposed of in landfills or incinerated in FY '24-'25 and aim to
further reduce in the Financial Year '25-'26.
When it comes to the people, we remain committed to safety and
ensure diversity across our workforce. Currently, our gender diversity
stands at 11% and we are confident of meeting our 16%-18% mark in the
coming years. Our Principle strand is committed to ethical behavior and
responsible governance. In all aspects of our work at Hitachi Energy,
we remain devoted to zero incidents when it comes to integrity.
[page 5]
4/27
Moving to the Slide #5, and I am sure this slide you know better than
me, but I still like to say a few things on this particular slide. As you all
know, according to The World Bank, India's growth outlook looks
positive with a revised forecast from 6.3% to 6.5% in FY '25-'26. World
Bank has further rated India's GDP growth of 7.8% exceeding
expectations for the first quarter of FY '25-'26. The GST 2.0 reforms,
along with the strong domestic and resilient external sector, have
played a crucial role in sustaining this growth momentum.
During this quarter, the trade deficit receded slightly. Despite several
positive indicators, uncertainty looms over U.S. tariffs, but we are
hopeful, like all of you, that it will be resolved soon through the dialogue
which are ongoing.
In terms of investment, India continues to make significant strides in the
Clean Energy sector. In the first half of 2025 alone, the Renewable
Energy sector attracted investments of nearly INR 1 lakh crore.
Additionally, the sanctioned INR 2.4 lakh crore of 500 gigawatt
transmission plant to link renewable-rich states with demand centres
shows the country's growing confidence and commitment to
sustainability.
If I move to the Slide #6, the company continues to maintain its strong
growth momentum. In the quarter ending September 30, we secured
total orders of INR 2,217 crore, up 13.6% year-on-year, and our
revenues stood at INR 1,915.2 crore with a year-on-year growth of
23.3%.
The effective execution of good margin orders, sustained operational
excellence, a good product mix, increased export momentum, and a
lower base in the corresponding previous quarter, the company
reported a significant year-on-year growth in profit before tax and profit
after tax. So, profit before tax and profit after tax recorded 4 times year-
on-year growth, 399.8% and 405.6%, respectively.
[page 6]
5/27
During the quarter, the company achieved the highest ever order
backlog of INR 29,412.6 crore, creating a revenue visibility for several
coming quarters.
Key orders this quarter included automation solutions for state
transmission companies and HVDC connections, a 220 kV air insulated
switchgear, air stations for 250 MW solar battery energy project in
Bidar, along with 420 kV GIS and 220 kV power for other solar projects.
Wind projects with 400 kV AIS stations in Nanded, and many other
industrial projects such as GIS stations for a green steel plant in Paradip,
alumina plant expansion at Mahan, and greenfield steel plant at Jaipur,
and for rail locomotive EMU transformer for Indian railways and Vande
Bharat, et cetera.
Moving to the Slide #7, as a technology leader, we continue to drive
innovation and reinforce the nation's energy security through impactful
initiatives. This quarter, we commissioned several significant projects
covering renewables, data centres, and industries.
I would like to share few highlights. In the Industry segment, we
commissioned 220/33 kV AIS package in Rajasthan for a leading
cement brand, and 220 kV GIS substation in Maharashtra for a leading
data centre provider.
In Renewables, we established a 150 MW EBOS in Rajasthan and 220
kV AIS substation installation for 200 MW wind power evacuation in
Tamil Nadu for a leading renewable energy company.
For all these commissioned projects, our teams were responsible for
designing, engineering, manufacturing, supplying, erecting, testing, and
commissioning according to the defined scope of work.
If I move to the Slide #8. At Hitachi Energy, we remain committed to
leading with purpose and creating a positive impact across the industry
and society. Through our flagship platform, Energy and Digital World
2025, we connected with our esteemed partners across Chittorgarh,
Bengaluru, and Jharsuguda to accelerate collaborations,  close to our
customer places. Additionally, successful completion of NABL re
[page 7]
6/27
accreditation by our power transformer factory reaffirmed our
commitment to quality and eco-conscious practices.
Our Doddaballapur facility has earned special recognition for its
sustainable practices at the CII Karnataka ESG Summit, an achievement
that we are proud of.
Also, I am pleased to share with you that our first batch of Women
Engineering graduates has secured 100% employment. And through
our latest community initiative in education 1,350 students in
Thandavapura and Nanjangud near Mysore will benefit from solar-
powered smart classrooms and libraries there. We continue to lead
industry conversations through key forums in this quarter, whether it is
CIGRE, IEEE, and also the CII, et cetera.
Moving to the Slide #9, here I would like to provide some more colour
on the orders received this quarter. In terms of segments, renewable
(wind & solar), and rail & metro contributed significantly to the order
book, followed by industries in Q2.
Both renewable and rail and metro experienced a growth of 40% and
61% respectively, whereas the transmission and data centre segment
witnessed a decline, 43% and 50%, respectively. But we believe it is, a
timing more of a  temporary phenomenon. And we are very positive
about both data centre and transmission..
The order mix is shown on the right. In the graph, you can see that the
products have taken the lead in the segment, whereas utilities, the
direct end users, are clear winners for the sector and channels,
respectively.
Moving to the Slide #10, our growth levers, that is service and export.
During the quarter, exports attained 59% year-on-year growth. Diverse
geographies and industries we served helped sustain export
momentum toward order book. The company received export orders
from utilities in Europe, data centres in South East Asia, and renewables
in Middle East and North America.
[page 8]
7/27
On the service front, it maintains its high single-digit contribution to the
total order book. Some of the key service orders came from utilities and
industries, including an Air core Reactor for an HVDC project, GIS and
AIS extensions and repair & retrofitting, and the first EconiQorder in
India, which is a game-changing SF6-free technology that we are
deploying in India for the first time.
So, moving to the next slide, I request my colleague and our CFO, Ajay
Singh, to take you through the next couple of slides. Over to you, Ajay.
Ajay Singh: Thank you, Venu, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope you all are
doing well at your end.
So, let me just take you through the Quarter 2 financials, and our
performance that has happened:
So, if you see orders in this particular quarter, we did INR 2,217 crores,
which is 13.6% growth year-on-year. And even if I remove the large
orders of the previous quarter, I see that there is a growth of 28%
(quarter on quarter).
Revenues if you see, revenues we closed at INR 1,915 crores for this
particular quarter, which shows a very good growth compared to Y-on-
Y 23% growth, and compared to basically Q-on-Q, 25% growth.
So, with the support of very good revenue, and along with the execution
of good margin orders, better product mix, operational efficiency, and
better exports, our PBT in this particular quarter is INR 352 crores, which
is 18.4%, and PAT is INR 264 crores, which is 13.8% (quarter on quarter).
Operational EBITDA, we closed at INR 291.6 crores, which is 15.2%. So,
overall, I will say that this particular quarter is fairly better compared to
the previous quarter. And order backlog, we are having roughly 29,400
plus crores of order backlog, which provides a very good visibility for
several quarters.
If I come to the next slide, Slide #12, here basically I would like to give
you an overview a little bit more in detail, where you see we are able to
[page 9]
8/27
also review the cost structures. The revenue, if you see, out of the total
INR 1,915 crores of revenue, we have other income of INR 69 crores,
and this other income is basically coming from the interest deposit that
we have done. The interest which we have gained is roughly INR 69
crores, and also in this particular quarter, we have an exchange gain of
INR 12.8 crores.
Personal expenses is 8.1%. Other expenses, if you see, based on the
overall efficiency that we gained with the better revenues, and also the
overall cost structure, we closed 16.9%, which was in the previous
quarter 22.7%, and that has also supported the bottom line growth.
Depreciation, as you are all aware, we are investing, so depreciation is
slightly increased compared to the previous quarter. And finance cost,
it is a bare minimum, because we don’t have any debt at the moment.
So, overall, with all these improvements and all these cost structures
overall we see that we closed, the profit for the quarter is 13.8%.
With this I hand over to Venu.
N. Venu: Thank you, Ajay. And moving to my last slide before we open it up to
Q&A. And that's our priorities for the remaining part of the financial year
and also the coming years.
As we closed our second quarter, explained by our CFO, which is a very
good quarter for us from our standpoint, and remained focus on the two
objectives of maintaining high growth momentum and enhancing our
overall efficiency in all spheres of our work; maintaining our leadership
in core segments, such as Utilities, HVDC, Transmission, Industries,
Infrastructure, et cetera, .
And we continually strive to capitalize on emerging opportunities in new
segments, such as data centers, industries, and refine our strategies to
leverage opportunities in Service, Export, and Digital segments, and
which you have been seeing this, how we have been driving this growth
for the last several quarters.
[page 10]
9/27
Our focus will remain on strengthening the Service business in India,
and the company will continue to drive productivity with an emphasis
on operational excellence to improve productivity, quality, and
opportunities under the one Hitachi umbrella.
On the business front, consolidated efforts will be made to leverage the
large order backlog for revenue accretion and focus strategy for the
utilization of the capital raised during the QIP.
As we speak, a lot of CAPEX projects are under execution at various
stages of completion, and we see the traction of some of them coming
in from the second half of next year onwards.
With the safety embedded in our culture, our commitment to fostering
a strong safety-first work environment remains steadfast. At the same
time, we continue to invest in expanding our capabilities for sustainable
growth, whether through upskilling and cross-skilling our workforce,
which is extremely important for the energy transition-related thing, or
by strengthening our operational footprint to inspire the next era of
sustainable energy future.
So, ladies and gentlemen, with this, I close my presentation and request
the operator to open the channel for the questions. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer
session. The first question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura
India. Please go ahead.
Umesh Raut: Thank you so much for this opportunity. Good evening, sir. My first
question is pertaining to our CAPEX timeline. If I look at our prospect
document for fundraising, that is QIP, it is mentioned that for FY '26, we
were planning to deploy closer to INR 750 crores in the CAPEX, and
about closer to INR 720 crores in FY '27. If I look at half year, I think we
have done close to INR 67 crores of CAPEX. So, just wanted to
understand how this CAPEX ramp-up will happen, say, in second half
FY '26 and then in FY '27-'28? That is my first question.
[page 11]
10/27
N. Venu: Okay. Thank you, Umesh. Thank you for asking this question. I think it's
a very, very important question for us. So, for us also, the CAPEX
projects going on stream in line with our timeline, in line with our
budget, cost exercise is extremely important. We have dedicated teams
working on that.
And as we said at the beginning of our documents, INR 750 crores is
what we are going to spend this year. We may not be completing INR
750 crores worth of the projects, but we will be close to that range. I
think we still see that traction of coming very close to that, and also
similarly in the subsequent years.
Umesh Raut: Understood. Okay. So, three large projects that we have in terms of
backlog, which is one on the domestic HDVC program side and one in
Australia, again, more of an outsourcing package as a part of larger
HVDC project. So, just wanted to understand, would there be any delay
in terms of execution because of a slight delay in terms of CAPEX
timelines? Or how should we look at it in terms of completion timelines
for these 3 projects, respectively?
N. Venu:  First of all, the CAPEX is up now. There is no delay as per our schedule.
They are going in line with the schedule, almost all of those. Okay. And
whatever projects we have booked, we have seen everything in our
CAPEX. Some incremental CAPEX has to come in for some of those
products, which are required for that. And we see that it is very much on
track. So, I don't see any delays on account of those things.
Umesh Raut: And scheduled completion timelines for 3 projects, which I mentioned?
N. Venu : It varies from customer to customer, ranging from anywhere between 48
months to 54 months. So, we are very much within our schedule. As we
speak, all these projects we have learnt about, we are completing the
engineering phases. We are doing some of the component testing. All
those things are going on.
Umesh Raut: Understood. Sir, my last question is pertaining to other expenses, where
we have seen a 7% decline on a year-on-year basis, while our revenues
[page 12]
11/27
went up by about 18% for the quarter. So, any particular reason for drop
in other expenses or any one-off here?
N. Venu: Yes. I will ask our CFO – Ajay to talk on this.
Ajay Singh: Yes. So, just in my initial commentary also I mentioned, the other
expenses have come down. Mainly if you see, I will say that we have
achieved operational economies in this quarter, and that is mainly
driven by the containment of the cost and also supported by the higher
revenues. But to give one specific example, like in the last quarter, we
had higher royalty expenses, and you are aware that we have been
telling that our royalty expenses are generally dependent upon the
previous quarter’s revenues.
So, the prior quarter's revenues were higher. So, in the last quarter, the
royalty expenses were higher. But based on the last quarter’s revenue,
this quarter, the royalty expenses were lower. So, that is also one of the
major reasons why it has also come down. But overall, we have been
telling that we will be hovering around, let's say 20% level.
Umesh Raut: Understood, sir. Understood. Sir, last 1 clarification. If I look at Slide #9,
the figures that are mentioned here, it looks like Q2 FY '25 figures are
basically for Q2 FY '26. Is that the correct assumption? Because I think
if I look at the following slide, I think on the services side, Q2 FY '26 was
on the declining side, while on the first slide, that is on the 9th slide, I
think it is increasing for Q2 FY '26.
N. Venu: No. I think what you are saying, the slide on the 9 is...
Umesh Raut: So, I think the figures for Q2 FY '25 are basically for Q2 FY '26. So, it's
mentioned in the reverse way.
N. Venu: Yes, yes, it is. If you see here, what you are talking about in the slide 10,
Q2 FY '25 on the left-hand side, Q2 FY '26 on the right-hand side. That's
only the representation standpoint, but otherwise, everything is okay.
Umesh Raut: No, but sir, services contribution in orders is basically.
[page 13]
12/27
N. Venu: Yes. And the services is down.
Umesh Raut: So, it has increased for Q2 FY '26 in the Slide #9.
N. Venu: Slide #9, where did we say that?
Umesh Raut: From 7% in Q2 FY '25, that has gone up to 12% in Q2 FY '26.
N. Venu: Let me check on that. Okay. Thank you.*
Umesh Raut: Yes. Sure. Thank you.
N. Venu: Thanks for pointing that out.
Moderator: Thank you, Umesh. The next question is from the line of Parikshit
Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal: Congratulations on a great quarter. Sir, just wanted to understand out
of the total order backlog right now, so what is the base order?
Excluding the HVDC, what will be the order backlog?
N. Venu: I think we have at least close to INR 10,000 crores, we will have a base
order backlog.
Parikshit Kandpal: Okay, understood, sir. And then in this quarter, sir. if you can help us
quantify out of the total order inflows, how much was the export order?
And in the total order book of 10,000 crore base order book, what will
be the export order backlog?
N. Venu: No, we don't segregate it like that. Our exports, we are telling you in
the overall basis, is 25%. Okay. And it's varying from 25% to 20%-30%.
We don't have a large backlog of exports. Most of the exports are at a
quite short cycle, except for the Marinus order, which we have booked
in. But most of the exports are quite short cycle. Fairly, you can take
around 25%.
Parikshit Kandpal: Okay. And sir, the last order on the related parties. Sir, any large orders
expected from the parent company, the related party, like we have seen
some of our peers’ getting orders from the parent entities or related
[page 14]
13/27
parties. So, anything planned for this year? Any thoughts there on the
parent side where we can get orders?
N. Venu: So, Parikshit, we have been saying consistently that is our main focus,
unlike some of other companies is the domestic markets. We are
expanding our factories. We are increasing our localization is primarily
to serve the market. It's not that we cannot do it. So, we see a huge
amount of tailwinds in the domestic market.
Today, our challenge is our ability to supply that. So, that's where we
are doing it. We are expanding it. And as you can see, the new
opportunities, like a gigawatt scale of data center, requires a large
amount of transformer, GIS, automation, et cetera in that. So, it's quite
a big opportunity pipeline for the domestic market, and our focus is on
that.
Having said that, we have been saying consistently that we have been
concentrating exports and we brought exports from 15% to 25% on an
overall basis. And we would like to remain in that range band, a few
percentage this way, that way. But that's what the thing is. It is not that
we have taken an export order from a parent and compromised on the
domestic market. That's not what we meant.
Parikshit Kandpal: Okay. Just one thing for Ajay, sir. Sir, this Adani order is over? Or is it
like still some more execution left? I mean, in this quarter, was it a
significant part of the execution?
N. Venu: Yes.
Ajay Singh: Generally, we do not basically talk on those particular lines.
Parikshit Kandpal: But is the order completion over now? Or is it still pending?
N. Venu: Not yet. Not yet.
Ajay Singh: That is yet to be completed.
N. Venu: Not yet.
[page 15]
14/27
Parikshit Kandpal: So, in this year, we will have that order completed by this year end.
N. Venu: Yes, hopefully.
Parikshit Kandpal: Okay, sir. Sure. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Harshit Patel: Thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. Sir, just a question on our
Marinus Link product order that we had received from Australia. So,
what percentage of execution is completed for this order? And by when,
we will complete this entire order? If you could give those details.
N. Venu: I think it's a very small percentage right now. But we will be completing
it in the next 36 months or so.
Harshit Patel: Understood, sir. Could you also give us a sense on what kind of margins
we have realized on this Mumbai HVDC project, and similarly on
Marinus Link also? We don't want the exact numbers, but if you could
give us a flavor on how much higher these margins are, to service our
standard base order-related margins? That will be very helpful.
N. Venu: So, Harshit, again, this question was there in the previous quarter also.
We have been saying consistently that we don't disclose project level
or segment level margins. All I can say to you, if you give a little bit of
flavor and color on a qualitative basis, many of those projects, we
always look at in a risk and reward basis, and it should fit into our margin
corridors and whatever the projects we won or whatever the projects
we are aiming to be, and they are all within our margin corridor.
Harshit Patel: Understood, sir. Just lastly, if you can update us on the HVDC project
pipeline, what kind of projects will be tendered or awarded in the next
3 or 4 quarters?
N. Venu: So, the pipeline, as all of you may be knowing it, 1 project is the tariff-
based bidding is over and we hope that that should get finalized in this
financial year. On top of that, there's another 6 gigawatt of LCC project
[page 16]
15/27
which is likely to come out of NIT, and there's a good chance that that
can also get finalized in this financial year. Both are in this financial year,
okay.
So, again, I have been saying, let me give a big picture, you can also go
to the CEA website, the details are there, and they are also upgrading
it on a continuous basis, as and when the new update things.
And this I have been saying consistently, not today, but at least 3 years
back. A country like India to manage this kind of complexity arising of
such a huge amount of renewable and with lot of electrification, with
gigawatt scale of data centers coming in, it needs this kind of
technologies coming in there. So, previously, I have been saying 1
project per year, and I also said that 2 projects per year should come,
but it is a matter of 2 to 3 projects per year is required going forward .
They will come up for the bidding.
So, those are the things that there could be, it's a large project, there
will always be timing delays, et cetera. Sometimes there might be some
challenges in finalizing in one go, but that's what I see: 2 to 3 projects
per year for at least the next couple of years.
Harshit Patel: That's good. Thank you very much for answering my questions. And all
the best.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Shirom Kapur from Jefferies India.
Please go ahead.
Shirom Kapur: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask you about
your gross margins. So, we have seen significant expansion in 1H(first
half), almost over 550 basis points. So, I was just wondering what has
driven this gross margin expansion? You have been clear on overall
EBITDA, but specifically on gross margin, what has driven this
expansion? And, are the current levels of 40% plus gross margin
sustainable going forward?
N. Venu: So, maybe let me answer a thing and then Ajay will also join . So, yes,
we have been saying this, not today, we have been saying consistently
[page 17]
16/27
last 2 years that we are working on a strategy, which is a very long-term
strategy, very sustainable strategy, both on the growth as well as on the
bottom-line strategy.
And we said we will take it to double digit EBIT margin corridor, and
then we sustain those things in that.
So, we also said what are the levers available for us? The levers is that
one we are growing, and then we could have the growth, while the
growth will not give you the same kind of fixed cost. And then we also
have exports, will get better gross margin. And then we are also working
on the pricing excellence, et cetera, in that.
And the last one is very important is our service strategy. We have
created a dedicated service business unit, because we have a huge
amount of install base, and we would like to leverage and then improve
on both top line and bottom line. And that's what you can see in the
play over a period of time in that. Ajay?
Ajay Singh: I think you have already covered. So, basically, if you talk about this
particular specific quarter, as I also already spoke, this execution of the
better margin orders, and then the better product mix. So, these 2 things
combined, and coupled with the exports. So, these are the 3 levers
where we see the margin has come from. And as Venu mentioned,
going forward, we are quite clear about how we want to drive this. And
definitely, our aim is to drive this in the right direction.
Shirom Kapur: Noted, sir. And thank you, that's very helpful. So, just to summarize,
these are part of a long-term strategy and can be sustainable going
forward if the strategy continues to be executed. So, noted, sir. Thank
you.
Secondly, of course, post your QIP, you have a large cash balance and
you have earned about INR 120 crores of interest income in the first half
of the year. But as you deploy your CAPEX, how should we look at this
over the next couple of quarters and FY '27? Can this level of interest
income sustain, or do you expect it to come down as it's just a one-off
in the first couple of quarters this year?
[page 18]
17/27
Ajay Singh: Yes. Just now, Venu explained that we had a very slow start as far as
the deployment is concerned. But then in the next 2 quarters, our
expectation is that we will pull up. And whatever we have declared
around 700 plus (crore)is what we are aiming. So, with that kind of
deployment happening, definitely I see the reduction of the interest,
because that will get deployed. That is a near-term thing that we see at
the moment.
Shirom Kapur: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much, and all the best.
Ajay Singh: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Subhadip from Nuvama Wealth
Management. Please go ahead.
Subhadip Mitra: Good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is
something related to margins. I am sorry if this is a repeat. I missed the
early part of the call. So, I understand that you have been highlighting
that starting from 4th Quarter of FY '26, we will be entering double-
digit EBIT margins. Does that guidance still stand? And is there a
possibility that between now and 4th quarter, there could still be some
retraction in terms of margins, because of some older legacy projects?
N. Venu: Sorry, what projects?
Ajay Singh: Old, legacy.
Subhadip Mitra: Older projects, which might still be left in your order book, could that
still impact margins, let's say in 3Q?
N. Venu: I think our guidance remains. We said that we will enter double-digit
EBITDA margins, and we have entered much ahead of our own target.
And then we also said that we will sustain, and then we will also improve
from that. And that's what you are saying in that. We will not say from
where we go, but what we are saying is that we will double-digit. It
could be a few percentage this way, that way, but on an overall basis, if
you take as a year-on-year basis, so it will have a double-digit EBITDA
margin.
[page 19]
18/27
Subhadip Mitra: Understood. But are there any of the older legacy projects still left
which can impact margins, let's say, for the rest of the year?
N. Venu: Our overall portfolio is very, very robust, and a good gross margin and
we do not see any of those things. Having said that, there could be
always some external EBIT, right? So, we are in  such uncertainty of
geopolitical things like that, something can come. But to the best of our
knowledge, we have a very solid order backlog and very good portfolio
of our order backlog, which is executable and sitting with good gross
margins.
Subhadip Mitra: Understood, sir. Thank you so much.
N. Venu: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from line of Sitaram Agarwal from Tree Line
Advisors. Please go ahead.
Sitaram Agarwal: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have 2 questions. First question is
there any sense of pricing trends that you can share, let's say, from 2023
to 2025? As in, what was the pricing for projects that you were winning
in 2023 and how they have trended last year and what's the current
trend?
N. Venu: Thank you, Mr. Sitaram, but unfortunately, we will not give you those
kinds of trends, because it's basically for our own thing. But I must tell
you that, we said we are predominantly working to support our
domestic market, and one-fourth of what we produce, we also send
exports. So, in the domestic market, despite the supply and demand,
there's always an affordability challenge, right? So, it's not that
whatever price you want, you can get it. It's not feasible, and the project
is not going to be viable. You may get, once in a while, better margins.
But we are also looking at a lot of localization. That's very important in
that. Today, we produce almost 75%-80% of what we produce globally;
we produce locally here. And that is what is also very important for us
to get into these kinds of things.
[page 20]
19/27
Sitaram Agarwal: Right. Okay. Thank you. And my next question is, I know you have
qualified some of the data center opportunities in the past, but if you
were to take this example of the 1 gigawatt data center that Google has
announced, what really would be the opportunity for transformers out
of the entire CAPEX of whatever $14 billion, $15 billion dollars that they
have announced? And more importantly, are these all high-voltage
transformers, or is it going to be a mix of high voltage, medium voltage,
and low voltage? You have the broad indication of the quantum and the
kind of transformers that would be needed for these data centers?
N. Venu: Absolutely. I think the data centers are completely redefining. We used
to have a data center of 10 megawatt, and then they went into 40
megawatts, that time they were calling hyperscales. And then they said
AI-ready data center, which is 100 megawatts, now we are talking about
a gigawatt-scale data center, right, which is super, super hyperscale
data centers.
And we have been saying also during hyperscales and AI-ready data
centers for our portfolio of Hitachi Energy, which is grid connection,
substations, automation, and all ranges of the transformer, which is high
voltage, low voltage, medium voltage, dry type transformers.
And our appreciable market of every data center CAPEX is the range of
15% to 20% of data center CAPEX. So, depending upon the size and
scale of, and depending on the business model, what they deploy, it
might vary, but that's where the thing is 15% to 20%. And we believe
that that's going to be there in the gigawatt scale data center as well.
Sitaram Agarwal: And is there any indication of how much of this would be high voltage
out of the 15%, 20%?
N. Venu: No, 15%, 20% is our addressable market, Hitachi Energy's addressable
market.
Sitaram Agarwal: Okay. Thank you.
N. Venu: Thank you.
[page 21]
20/27
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhalchandra Shinde from
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Bhalchandra Shinde: Sir, 2 questions. One on the HVDC pipeline, if you can provide insight
that in the next 1 to 2 years how many HVDC projects are expected to
be tendered? And also, there is one thought process going on that,
because of the best technology, will come into play, relatively, HVDC
CAPEX requirements will be lower. So, your insights into that would be
great.
N. Venu: So, thank you. I think I have already answered this question, Mr.
Bhalchandra. But just for your sake, I can do that. HVDC pipeline in the
near term, you know, that one project is already completed, the tariff-
based bidding. So, it is in the market. And then in addition to that, there's
another LCC project of 6 kV is likely to be tendered out. So, 2 projects
in this financial year.
And then we will see in the next year anywhere between 2 to 3 projects
coming out for bidding. So, that's what is the thing. And I also said in
the call that previously I used to say one project per year to come up for
a bidding. Now I revised it to 2 projects per bidding. But anywhere
between 2 to 3 projects are required to manage the complexity arising
of such a huge magnitude of renewable and electrification is what you
see in our country.
So, regarding your second question on the BESS versus HVDC, I think
this is not one against the other. Both the technologies are required to
co-exist . So, Battery Energy Storage cannot compete with HVDC or
vice versa in that. So, both technologies are required for our energy
transition.
And as you have seen, the SECI's mandate right now is that 10% of the
renewable they need to have energy storage built in, in the project
going forward. And that is in the right direction. So, for your information,
energy storage, Hitachi Energy is one of the key players in energy
storage itself. And we do have our converter, BESS, PES, et cetera,
which are very, very critical for energy storage. Thank you.
[page 22]
21/27
Bhalchandra Shinde: Got it. And sir, on the data center side, again, one of our peers is not
expecting that much growth, at least for the next 2, 3 years. But what is
your take? How should one see India? Because India has a really good
edge against any other country. That surplus power in solar and all
those things are really good things for data centers. What is your take?
How should one expect growth prospects in data center market?
N. Venu: I can tell what I have been saying. But then the only way is to wait for a
couple of more quarters and then you will see that how the trend is
happening in that. Right? So, the data center is quite a big market going
to be. And we have seen this in other parts of the world already. It's
quite a big market, which many stakeholders are not seeing.
For example, how much of a load this data center will require still is not
being factored in the Central Electricity Authority. They are right now
looking into it. For example, right now, 7% of Singapore's total energy
consumption goes to the data center. And they are saying that 30% is
2030, 2032. So, that's the kind of requirement it will drive in.
Data center has two elements. One is the data center itself will create
an opportunity for a company like Hitachi Energy. And the second one
is data center drives the load growth. So, huge load growth. It's not a
normal load growth, it's a huge load growth. And that will be a further
secondary investment , again, in  the generation, transmission, et cetera.
Bhalchandra Shinde: Got it. Thanks, sir. Thanks. I will come back for further questions.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities.
Please go ahead.
Mohit Kumar: Yes, sir. Good afternoon. And thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first
question is given that we are executing approximately 3 large HVDC
orders as of currently, do we have the capacity to take 1 or 2 projects
further in the near term?
N. Venu: As I said, we have always been ahead of the curve. We have been
seeing this much ahead of many of the industry players. So, when we
started our factory in 2021, there was no pipeline there. But we had a
[page 23]
22/27
strong belief and conviction that we wanted to start this to address that,
and that's what we are seeing.
And considering all that, we have already started expansions of many
of our projects. So, we are putting almost INR 2000 crores CAPEX
basically to address those future requirements as and when it happens,
whether it is in Chennai, whether it is Bangalore, whether it is in Mysore,
whether it is in Baroda, all those things are considering those things. So,
we are not constrained with any limitations at this point in time.
Mohit Kumar: Understood, sir. My second question is, sir, is it possible to update us
qualitatively on the progress of the Khavda HVDC and Badla HVDC
project? Are they tracking your expectation in terms of progress?
N. Venu: As of now, yes. Yes. Just to answer. Yes.
Mohit Kumar: Understood. Last question, Slide #9 of your presentation. The order
inflow from the transmission has declined by 43%. Of course, I
understand that there's base quarter has Marinus order. But still, was
there something odd about the quarter that the order finalization has
got postponed?
N. Venu: Order finalization has been there. Some of the transmission like a
transformer, et cetera, which will go into the transmission. So, you are
able to fix into the delivery schedules. Those things are also playing a
role.
It's not about the sector down of that. It is our orders go down in that
particular quarter. But again, I also clarified, it's also timing for us and
we don't see anything. Our pipeline is very strong and robust and we
are able to fit into what fits into our schedule.
Mohit Kumar: Understood. So, is it fair to say that the order inflow opportunity is very
strong for the next 4 quarters. Is it right to say?
N. Venu: The pipeline is very strong.
Mohit Kumar: Understood, sir. That's very helpful, sir. Thank you, and best of luck.
[page 24]
23/27
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from Invesco
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.
Sagar Gandhi: Yes, sir. My question pertains to execution. So, while we have done
excellently in terms of order inflow and now in margins also, H1
execution has been 15% growth. So, can you qualitatively give us the
direction on execution ramp-up from here on?
N. Venu: Yes, but as I said, we have INR 29,000 crores worth of order backlog,
right? So, those things we need to execute. And on top of that we are
adding more CAPEX. And you know that, what is our asset turn ratio of
those previous things. Even if we take a low asset turn ratio, we will add
it to the revenues.
Sagar Gandhi: So, qualitatively, it looks substantially better from here. Is that
understanding correct?
N. Venu: You know very well that we don't give you any forward-looking
statements. You can make your own assessment. All we can say is that
we are sitting on a strong order backlog. That's number one. We are
expanding our factories. And then we are also looking at our exports in
the service.
Sagar Gandhi: Sure, sure. Thank you so much, sir.
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from line of Mohan, an individual Investor.
Please go ahead.
Mohan: Thanks for taking my question, sir. We recently had a global investor
meet in London. And there was a table put out which stated that Hitachi
Energy from a $16 billion revenue in 2024 hopes to be a $33 billion
revenue company by 2030.
But more importantly, the margins, which were 11% in 2024, were
expected to be in the range of closer to 20% is what has been put there.
Now, presumably, this is something which we can go with, because our
current margins are higher than the global average margins for this
quarter as well. So, would it be a fair range to go with?
[page 25]
24/27
N. Venu: Thank you, Mr. Mohan. Again, I am coming back to the same thing. We
do not give guidance on the longer-term basis in that. Again, let me give
a qualitative basis. We have been saying consistently, and then we are
executing what we are saying, what we do. Okay, so that's what it
matters.
So, what we are saying is that we are taking a lot of action and are much
ahead of the curve, in expanding our factories, localizing our
equipment, bringing the technology, and localizing it, so that we are
able to offer to our customers at the price point that is required. That's
the number one thing in that, right?
And that will add both scale as well as various other things with that.
So, we are growing consistently much, much higher than the market,
and we have demonstrated for several quarters now, and we continue
to do so in the future. Okay? And we are sitting right now with a huge
order backlog, and that order backlog will give a huge visibility. And
then in addition to that order backlog, we are growing higher than the
market, and then our exports will play a major role, and then we will
also have our service play a major role. So, if you add all these things,
then you can make your own assessment.
Mohan: Yes. Sure sir. And the next question was as regards to the Leh HVDC
order. There has obviously been a delay or cancellation. If you can share
what really happened and why we didn't bid in the initial instance, if it
can be shared, it will be interesting for us to know.
N. Venu: No, it is not about why we didn't bid or not. In fact, our customer has
given us feed order, paid order to us. So, we have done our thing and
then submitted our report. Based on that report, only then certain
particular type of technology will go in there, and that's what we have
submitted to our customer, and then it's up to customer to take a
decision.
So, even if they are going, again, it's a quite many phases will happen.
Even if, for example, if they have to go for some immediate reasons to
evacuate, if you have to go to AC, but again, it is not a one technology
[page 26]
25/27
play there. It is a combination of various technologies have to play to
manage the evacuation of such a large scale renewable there.
Mohan: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot, sir.
N. Venu: Operator, maybe 1 last question.
Moderator: Sure, sir. Next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD
Life Insurance. Please go ahead.
Anupam Goswami: Hi, sir. Sir, my first question is what's your plan on the export side? What
is the current order book or your vision that you want to scale up?
N. Venu: So, I think we are very consistent in what we have been saying, Anup,
that our export right now is around 25% if you take out the large project,
HVDC sector side, right? Okay. And we have one large export project
also there. So, basically, if you see both sides, if you remove it, 25%, to
30% is the place. Some quarter 25%, some quarter 30%. This quarter
was 30%. So, we would like to remain in the 25%-30% corridor,
because we have, as I said, we have huge tailwinds arising out of the
energy transition in India, both from the renewable, transmission,
industries, and also rail, et cetera, in that.
So, that's where we would like to focus. Not that we don't want to
increase from 25%30% number, but that increase is not at the cost of
the domestic market. So, that's the reason we would like to give priority
to the domestic market, because we have created the factories and
other things to address the domestic market.
But at the same time, we would like to leverage our factories also to the
rest of the world. That's what we have doing it, one-fourth of what we
produce, we export it. Maybe over a period of time, it might increase
slightly. .
Anupam Goswami: So, sir, with the new capacity coming, what sort of incremental capacity
are we having, let's say, 50%, 40%?
[page 27]
26/27
N. Venu: As and when we complete the capacity, we will inform you. At this point
in time, it is varying, depending upon the products, what we have taken.
Some are going from 40% increase, some are going 50% increase,
some are even close to what we have it. So, it is varying, but we will
inform you as and when the capacity comes up.
Anupam Goswami: Just sir, last one. With the current margin that is going on, and higher
than the parent's margin, do we see this margin to sustain and royalty
percentage also?
N. Venu: Sir, we don't want to compare higher than the parent or lower than the
parent. What we compare is our portfolio, what we have and our cost
structure, what we have in there. So, that's what we are saying.
So, again, I am saying, I am going back to couple of years, we said, we
are building a company in a fairly medium-term, long-term basis. We
are not taking short things going up and down in that. So, we said that
we will reach 10% of our operational EBITDA by FY 2025, and then we
have reached much ahead of that curve. And then we said, we will
sustain those margins.
Again, we are working towards that. While sustaining it, of course,
depending upon the market condition, depending upon the various
other geopolitical, et cetera, we will always try and see how to improve
on that. But otherwise, our thing is to double-digit EBITDA. Thank you.
Anupam Goswami: Thank you, sir.
Moderator: Thank you very much.
N. Venu: Last comments. Once again, thank you very much, ladies and
gentlemen. Thank you for your time, listening to us, and engaging with
us. And we are in such an energy super cycle, very exciting for us, and
the future is going to be electrified, everything and anything. And that's
what we are seeing, gigawatt scale of data centers, and many industries
are looking forward. So, we are really very, very happy and want to
further increase our engagement.
[page 28]
27/27
If you need any further information, please do not hesitate. Reach out
to us, reach out to any of us, and we will be happy to help.. And any
unanswered questions, if we are not answered to you, also reach out to
us. We will be happy to engage with you. Thank you very much.
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, that
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now
disconnect your lines. Thank you.
*Please note in slide number 9 Q2FY25 should be read as Q2FY26 and vice versa
