[page 1]
Hitachi Ene
rgy India Limited
Reg
istered and Corporate Office:
8th 
Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401,
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru - 560 092
Email ID: investors@hitachienergy.com
Phon
e: 080 68473700
CIN: L3
1904KA2019PLC121597
hita
chienergy.com/in
Fe
bruary 12, 2026
The Secre
tary,
Listing Department,
B
SE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543187
Th
e Manager,
Listing Department,
National Stock
 Exchange of India Limited,
‘Exchange Plaza’, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on February 05, 2026
De
ar Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the
Analysts/Investors on Thursday, February 05, 2026 and the same can be accessed at
https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-relations/analyst-section.
Kindly ta
ke the same on your records.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
For Hitachi Energy India Limited
Poovanna Ammatanda
General Counsel and Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
HITACHI 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 18
`
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q3 FY-26
Analyst Conference Call – February 2026
MANAGEMENT:
Mr. N Venu – Managing Director & CEO, Hitachi Energy India
Limited
Mr. Ajay Singh – Chief Financial Officer, Hitachi Energy India
Limited
Mr. Poovanna Ammatanda - General Counsel & Company
Secretary, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Ms. Seema Siddiqui – Head of Communications and Government
Relations, Hitachi Energy India Limited 
HITACHI 
HITACHI 
[page 3]
Page 2 of 18
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Hitachi Energy India
Limited Q3 FY '26 Analyst Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will have
an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu - MD and CEO, Hitachi Energy
India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
N. Venu: Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone. I hope you are all doing very
well, and thank you for joining us for this third quarter 25-26 Analyst Call. I
appreciate it very much.
Over the next 15-20 minutes, I will take you through our performance from
October 1st to December 31st quarter. And for your convenience, I will refer to
the slides we have uploaded, this slide deck, which was uploaded a while ago
on BSE. Today, I am joined in the room by our CFO - Ajay Singh, the General
Counsel and Company Secretary - Poovanna Ammatanda, and Head of
Communication & Government Relations - Seema Siddiqui.
You have seen this week, on Sunday, the Union Budget, which, in our view, lays
out a strong roadmap for technology-led growth with higher public capital
expenditure and a clear push for AI data centers and advanced manufacturing.
And as you know, in all of those things, Hitachi Energy is having a major play.
And at Hitachi Energy, we understand the significance of these evolving
dynamics and are well-positioned to leverage this growth momentum. In
addition to that, the recently concluded EU-India Free Trade Agreement,
according to some analysts' estimates, there is elimination of tariffs on nearly
97% of EU exports to India and vice versa. So, slashing up to 4 billion Euro in
annual duties and boosting supply chain integration in renewables like offshore
wind. We see this as a key area of opportunity.
Simultaneously, the additional thing that came out just two days back, the US-
India trade deal reduces US tariffs on Indian exports to 18%. This is also
promising in enhancing our export opportunities. So, I move to Slide #3, which
starts from safety, which is our license to operate. And safety remains
fundamental to our license to operate, and we have further strengthened
interventions at our factories, our project sites, and our offices, etc. As a result,
[page 4]
Page 3 of 18
one of the metrics we measure is the total recordable injury frequency rate is
improved to 0.09, surpassing our own target of 0.19 down from the previous
year. This demonstrates the positive impact of our proactive safety initiatives.
We also reinforce our commitment to health and wellbeing, achieving 90%
participation in our annual health check for our employees, conducting multiple
awareness sessions, and also mental health apps.
Our shop floor and site teams received several recognitions from the industry,
notably, the Business World Awards ranked us third in the electronics and
hardware sector.
If I move to Slide #4, ESG target, which is very close to us. As you know that
our technology, be it a product, system, services, software, decarbonize the
customer, industries and customer places. So, that is the reason we have set
ourselves the targets on the ESG front. And sustainability remains central to our
strategy, anchored in the planet, people, and principles. For the planet, we
continue to operate at 100% renewable electricity and are on track to achieve
70% reduction in operational CO 2 emissions compared to the 2019 base level,
significantly ahead of the 2025-2026 targets.
Water audits are scheduled in several locations, including some of our locations
like Halol and Mysore, to help us reach our goal of reducing freshwater
consumption. Regarding waste, we have reduced landfill disposal by
approximately 30% compared to 2024-2025, and now recycle more than 95%
of general waste. For people, we remain committed to zero harm, and Safety is
at the center of all we do here at Hitachi Energy. We are also steadily advancing
gender diversity, reflecting progress across our talent pipelines, etc. On the
principles, we uphold an uncompromising commitment to integrity with zero
incidents as our standards, and also uphold the highest standards of
governance in our company. Offshoot of various actions and activities at our
company, I am pleased to report that our progress continues to be recognized
externally. Our CRISIL Sustainability ESG rating improved to 61 (Strong) in 2025,
while NSE ESG rating closed to 62.
If I move to the Slide #5, I think this particular thing I am sure you all know more
than me, but I still wanted to touch base a couple of things on that. The
macroeconomic environment remains favorable. All growth indicators are
trending upward. Overall growth is strong and inflation has been maintained
steadily. But if you really look at the right-hand side of the slide, which talks
more about area, segments where it is important for Hitachi Energy, as you see
[page 5]
Page 4 of 18
that renewable, we continue to have a strong growth momentum in this close
to 50 gigawatt in 2025, but then it is quite a lot of things. Same is the case with
the transmission. Same is the case with industry and the data center is the one
big area where we are really hoping this will really come out in a big way. As
you may know, 90% of AI-ready data centers today are located in the two
countries, which are the US & China,and India is definitely going to have a big
growth in the data center. The data center represents a significant growth
opportunity for Hitachi Energy.
And then if we move to Slide #6, as you can see, our solid performance is driving
growth and building profit margins. Our operating momentum remains robust
with strong order inflows in this quarter, with most of them being base orders
of Rs. 2,477.6 crores, which shows that if I remove the HVDC order in the
previous quarter, we have achieved a 73% growth YoY. And if you take a
quarter-on-quarter, 11% growth  . Revenues are up by 29.6%, Rs. 2,168 crores,.
And then profit before exceptional item is also quite quadruple, almost Rs. 400
crores, 118.4%. And PBT after exclusive items, which is basically, the labor code-
related, it stands at Rs. 347.8 crores, and we have a consistent and strong OCF.
And as you can see here, our order backlog is all time high, Rs. 29,872 crores.
And look at nine-month comparison, April to December this year versus last
year is also quite strong. Even in the high base of orders we have maintained
are slightly growing in that high base orders. Revenue is up 24% on a 9-month
period, and profit and other things is a huge amount of improvement. This
quarter, our work spanned various segments including utilities, renewables, rail
and industry. Notable project execution include 765 kV reactors, ICTs for solar
and some of the wind substations in Gujarat and Karnataka, 130 kV GIS
installation, 400 kV CRP and substation automation, etc., . So, orders came
from multiple segments and industries. And the notable worth of order to be
mentioning is that our modular concept is also gaining traction. As you can see
here, we could get a compact mobile 400 kV substation enabling rapid
deployment for a reliable power quality management in Kutch, Gujarat for one
of India's leading conglomerates.
So, if I move to the next slide, Slide #7, and we continue to commission the
projects almost in line with our customers and wherever possible. As a
technology leader, we are committed to enhancing grid reliability through
timely commissioning and high-quality execution. This quarter has featured
some exciting projects again across the cross segments. I would like to highlight
some of them is that 130 kV, 33 kV substation in Bhutan for a leading oil and
gas company. And then the commissioning of a 220 kV GIS substation for a
[page 6]
Page 5 of 18
data center in Pune,Maharashtra and another 130 kV GIS pay extension for a
major chemical company in Odisha. And then 220 kV, 33 kV substation for a
300 megawatt solar project in Koppal in Karnataka  . In all these things, our
comprehensive scope includes design engineering, manufacturing, supply,
erection, testing, and commissioning.
Moving to the Slide #8. At Hitachi Energy, you have been seeing this. We are
committed to leading with purpose and creating a positive impact on industry,
society and the various stakeholders with whom we have interacted. At Energy
and Digital World(EDW), which is our flagship customer engagement initiative
and which we have been doing in the Tier-1 cities. Now, we have taken to the
Tier-2 cities. So, we organized in Guwahati where we connected nearly 150
industry leaders to discuss power automation, digital service solutions,
consulting, sustainable grid technologies and transformer technology, etc.
These discussions help us and our customers collaboratively address emerging
system needs and accelerate the transition to a more digital and sustainable
energy ecosystem. And we have completed 25 years in India of power
innovation in the transformers as a commemorating 25 years of power
transformers in India in October this year. So, this includes our celebrations of
25 years of power transformers.
And if you go to the next one that we are very passionate about our
engagement and collaboration with academia. We are accelerating this across
overall on India basis, deepening academia-industry collaboration through
partnership with NIT Warangal, which we had extended for another five years.
Through platforms such as the TransTech, Shell Changemaker and CII ESG
Summit, we continue to shape conversations around infrastructure readiness,
especially on the energy security, sustainability and affordability, reinforcing our
role as the role of Hitachi Energy as a trusted partner in powering India's energy
transition.
If I move to the Slide #9, let me give you a little bit more color on the order
intake from which segments came in this quarter. As you can see here,
renewable- wind and solar, data center and industries have a strong growth Y-
on-Y while transmission and rail & metro have seen a bit of decline on this
quarter. But it is important to recognize that this is influenced by  project timing
and by strong prior performance driven by a large order during the same period
of the last financial year. Additionally, there is a YoY decline in the rail and metro
segment. However, we believe this is simply a part of the market cycle and
timing and we expect it to improve in the coming quarters  The order mix is also
illustrated on the right-hand side. As you can see here, our products, that is
[page 7]
Page 6 of 18
where we have been driving it for several years, and our contribution to the
products is much higher compared to the projects. And Utilities has been one
of our major segments, but as you can see here, in this particular quarter, both
utilities and industries came almost equal in that 47% in utilities, 43% in
industries..
So, at the next two slides, I would like to hand over to my colleague, Ajay Singh,
to take us through the performance on the financial front. Over to you, Ajay.
Ajay Singh: Thank you, Venu. Good evening, everyone. I hope all of you are doing well at
your end. So, let me take you to the Quarter 3 results for our company.
So, if you see, orders in Quarter 3 was Rs. 2,477 crores and if I compare the Y-
on-Y, it is negative 78%, but if I remove the HVDC order, then we are growing
by 73%. And even if I compare with the last quarter, we see there is a growth of
11.7%. So, overall, a very good development on the order. Revenues is at Rs.
2,168 crores, 29.6% growth Y-on-Y and 13.2% growth quarter-on-quarter.
If you talk about the PBT before the exceptional items, Rs. 402 crores is what
we achieved and this is basically based on the higher revenues, focus on
execution, product mix, operational efficiency and export momentum has really
contributed a good growth on the bottom line and we are 118% more compared
to the last Y-on-Y basis. And even if I compare with the last quarter, the growth
is 13.9%. And when I talk about the percentage from PBT percentage before
exceptional item, 18.5% compared to Y-on-Y 11% and then the last quarter it
was 18.4%. PBT is Rs. 347 crores and basically here if you see the delta of
roughly Rs. 54 crores on account of the implementation of the new labor code
that as per the guidance we have taken into this particular quarter and that is
why PBT is 16% for the quarter, compared to the previous Y-on-Y 11% and last
quarter 18.4%. PAT 12.1% and quarter Y-on-Y basis we are 8.2%. Operational
EBITDA, we have reached Rs. 338 crores and basically we have doubled
received on Y-on-Y basis and we are currently in this quarter 15.6% compared
to on Y-on-Y basis 10.1%. Even if I compare with the previous quarter where we
showed 15.2% we are more or less at the same level.
If I go to the next slide, little bit more details if I give more reflection on the
numbers. If you see the revenues, in the revenues, the other income is Rs. 61
crores that is basically coming from the QIP that is deposits, the interest that we
are getting so that is what it has contributed. We have a commodity exchange
gain of Rs. 24 crores and personal expenses material cost if you see is around
58% compared to the last quarter 59% and Y-on-Y if I see it is around 55%. And
[page 8]
Page 7 of 18
then if you see personal expenses in this quarter 7.7%, other expenses 14%,
depreciation and finance 1.2% and 0.1% respectively and that is how we are able
to close operational EBITDA before exceptional items Rs. 4 and Rs. 2 crores,
18.5% and the impact of labor code which I was discussing earlier Rs.54.2 crores
is contributing roughly 2.5% for this particular quarter and the profit after tax is
Rs. 261 crores that is 12.1%.
So, overall, I will summarize that fairly good quarter in my view as far as this
Quarter 3 was concerned. Thank you, Venu. Over to you.
N. Venu: Thank you, Ajay. And if I move to my last slide before we open up for Q&A.
I think as we wrap up this quarter, we are happy about the progress we are
making towards our two key objectives, which are sustaining our growth
momentum, enhancing our efficiency across all our operations, and also
improving our margins and cash, etc. So, we take great pride in maintaining our
leadership in core sectors like utilities, HVDC, industries and infrastructure and
we are eager to explore and seize the new opportunities in exciting fields such
as the Data Center and BESS and Energy Storage, etc. It is very important we
are working towards shifting center of gravity to include more export, service
and digital, but that you are seeing how we are already trending in the right
direction and also working on our strategy of expanding at the edge of the grid
that is the e-mobility, energy storage, data centers .
Our commitment to strengthening our service business in India is unwavering,
so we created the separate global BU Service including in India and we hope
that the efforts of this particular team would start fetching the results over a
period of time . Services also help us keep continuity which is critical to robust
energy ecosystems. Many of our new age customers such as data centers are
looking not only supplying of our technology, be it our product system services
but also life cycle partner. So, we are dedicated to driving productivity and
operational excellence under this, thereby improving our quality and expanding
opportunities. We are also focused on capitalizing on our substantial order
backlog to drive revenue growth and maximize the potential of capital raised
for further expansion plans.
On the safety, you all know it is deeply rooted in our culture and we are
wholeheartedly committed to maintaining a robust safety-first environment not
only in our factories, but also in our project sites. As we look ahead, we will
continue investing in our capabilities for sustainable growth, whether through
upskilling our talented workforce or expanding our operational footprint.
[page 9]
Page 8 of 18
Together, we are paving the way for a brighter more sustainable energy future
. So, all in all, we are super excited about this market growth, market
environment and we are super impressed with the way in which we are driving
for sustainable energy future.
So, thank you and over to you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We
will take the first question from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India.
Please go ahead.
Umesh Raut: Hi, team and congrats for a very good set of results. My first question is
pertaining to execution. So, I just want to understand how much of execution
pertaining to Mumbai HVDC project is remaining now and roughly how much of
total turnover was contributed by Mumbai HVDC project for the third quarter?
N. Venu: So, thank you, Umesh. As you know , we don't share revenue details on a project
specific basis, and when it comes to the Mumbai HVDC, so we have just
completed our pre-commissioning test. We and we have just completed the
pre-commissioning test. So, in just another two to three weeks, we will
commission the project.
Umesh Raut: Understood, sir. So, my question was largely because of our gross margin
performance which was slightly lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis. From last
quarter, it was down to now about closer to 39.5%. So, apart from say, probably
increased contribution from Adani HVDC project, was there any particular other
reason for this drop in gross margin on quarter-on-quarter basis?
Ajay Singh: So, actually, this gross margin fluctuation is basically on the product mix that
we are operating. We have also earlier talked about that in some quarters
depending upon the execution of the products, there could be slight changes
left and right. So, that is only the outcome of the product mix that you are
operating.
Umesh Raut: Understood. And second question is pertaining to recent inflationary pressure
from commodity prices. So, how you are managing these pressures? What
percentage of our current existing backlog is on the account of price pass on to
the customer?
N. Venu: We talked about also this, Umesh previously. Most of our backlog has price
escalation formulas built in. So, we have been also telling you from the
[page 10]
Page 9 of 18
beginning that it will not impact great to the large extent because more than I
think 70% of our portfolio is having a price escalation. There will be small
amount of portfolio where they need immediately within one or two months
turnaround for their revenue. So, those things may not be there, but otherwise
our portfolio is largely protected from price escalation.
Umesh Raut: Understood, sir. My last question is on the outlook for domestic market. How
do you see in terms of FY '27 demand especially coming in for transformers
especially in the domestic market? In terms of capacity which is kind of also
coming into the market whether we will have same kind of pricing power in
upcoming tenders? So, any insight about these things?
N. Venu: Yes, I think we can give a market trend. The market in my view is very strong. It
is still stronger and both in terms of transmission and also in terms of
electrification is going in a big way. Electrification of data center will come in
huge amount in the same. So, the need for more power equipment, whether it
is transformer, switchgear, etc., is definitely going to be there in that. So, we
have been looking at the capacities coming in. Various companies have
announced the capacity expansion. Considering the existing capacities plus
capacities to come, we believe that still there is a gap to close on . So, this is
the way the energy transition story in our view, purely in my view is a multi-year
growth story. Thank you.
Umesh Raut: Thank you so much. All the very best.
N. Venu: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Harshit Patel from
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.
Harshit Patel: Thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on our HVDC
localization. I know you have highlighted in the past about we are making HVDC
transformers, converter valves and doing the entire engineering of those
projects in India. I want to understand whether we are increasing our HVDC
localization further or we have already reached a stage wherein further value
addition is not possible at the moment in India?
N. Venu: We won't say that further value addition has not come. We are continuously
taking a lot of actions to further increase our value addition. So, we have been
doing that. We are also executing the HVDC project in a Marinus link, for
[page 11]
Page 10 of 18
example, in Australia. So, all these things will help us to further localize the
supply chains here.
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead.
Harshit Patel: Thank you. Sir, could you please provide an update on the budgeted CAPEX for
FY '26 and how much of that we have already incurred as well as if you can
highlight your CAPEX plan for FY '27 and FY '28 that will be very helpful?
N. Venu: We have very clearly given in our QIP document how we wanted to utilize
CAPEX. In this first year, we said we will do Rs. 700 plus crores and the next
year will be an additional Rs. 700 plus crores. So, that what is the thing in that.
So, there could be a movement of few hundred crores this way, that way, but
otherwise we are on track very much.
Harshit Patel: Understood, sir. Thank you very much for answering my question. I will come
back in the queue.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal
from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal: Hi, Venu. Congratulations on a great quarter. So, my first question is on the
CAPEX. If I see the utilization of the proceeds, we have only used Rs. 155 crores
till now versus Rs. 700 crores which was envisage for FY '26. So, why is there a
big disconnect between what the CAPEX incurred and what we have outlined
in the document?
Ajay Singh: So, just now, I think we answered the same question. So, we have a slow start
for sure, but we have a pipeline in place where in the coming quarters, it will
pick up. So, because of the product cycle, our product demands, we cannot do
a bulk CAPEX at one go, so we have to go in a sequential approach. So, we
have a plan around that and we are hopeful that we will pick up. So, it might
happen that right now, your utilization is the lower side, maybe the next quarter,
the coming quarter there is a huge spike also. So, that is how the cycle will
operate. But we are very much on to that and we are very closely monitoring
the usage of that CAPEX.
Parikshit Kandpal: Sir, another question is on the order backlog. We have almost 30,000 shares
of the order backlog and if I estimate or remove the HVDC parts, our base order
will be somewhere around Rs. 10,000-Rs. 11,000 crores and now the Adani
HVDC order is over. So, in the coming quarters before the HVDC starts getting
[page 12]
Page 11 of 18
executed from FY '27, so there could be a slowdown in execution in the coming
quarters at least for two-three quarters now?
N. Venu: No. I think we told also it is not that HVDC will slow down because HVDC, for
example, we are already working on the existing two projects, manufacturing is
going on and also various other simulations are going on. So, those are the
projects we recognize the revenue based on the POC. So, revenues all will keep
coming in that. We don't see any slowdown in our revenue growth.
Parikshit Kandpal: One question on the other expenses. So, we have been seeing reduction in
other expenses despite increase in the turnover. So, just wanted to understand
is there any impact as we reduce any royalties. So, how is that other expenses
have been going down for the next two-three  quarters?
Ajay Singh: So, we have been discussing earlier also that our other expenses normally
hovers in the range of let us say 15%-19%, . So, depending upon the revenue
growth and also the operational efficiency that we have been focusing, so there
we are able to get the leverage out of that and this operational efficiency we
are talking about some of the expenses, also on the group expenses, there we
are working and that is how the outcome is there. So, it will be in that corridor.
If you ask me ballpark number, it will be in that corridor only.
Parkshit Kandpal: But has this ABB sharing of IT expenses is now totally, are we migrated to our
own IT system because earlier we were paying them some royalty for that so is
it because of that we are seeing some reduction?
Ajay Sing: That we have closed this chapter a year before. So, right now, we are totally
operating on a standalone basis. We are not relying on the ABB so very much it
is our Hitachi Energy Operating System and we are working on SAP4 HANA.
So, we are on our own.
Parikshit Kandpal: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital.
Please go ahead.
Sumit Kishore: Good evening, and my compliments on a very strong set of numbers. My first
question is a couple of large HVDC LCC projects are there in the pipeline, which
could mature over the next 12-18 months. Could you speak about them and
capacity wise how are you geared to address the opportunity and if you could
[page 13]
Page 12 of 18
spell out what opportunity these two projects present roughly in terms of size
as well? That is my first question?
N. Venu: Thank you, Sumit for your question. I think as you know there are quite a lot of
HVDC pipeline, but one of them has definitely come for bidding for our
customers that is TBCB customers in the Barmer project which is a 6000
megawatt LCC project. As you said, in fact, in the last concall also, I have been
saying consistently that we have been creating the capacities in anticipation of
all that. So, we do not have any limitation on taking any particular order, but
every order we look into based on the risk reward profile and also our exposure
etc., any particular customer. Those  like any other organization look into that.
So, we do those kind of things, but on the capacity standpoint, we do have a
capacity. We will be bidding these projects.
Sumit Kishore: Just to follow up on this. Is it fair to say that the size of the HVDC opportunity
addressable by you would be roughly 50% of the project cost?
N. Venu: We don't know, Sumit to tell you differently depending upon how the line size
and other things it will be different in that, but it is definitely sizeable.
Sumit Kishore: If you could speak about the share of exports and services in your nine-month
inflows and backlog and the outlook for the next one -two years for exports
and services?
N. Venu: We said exports will be in the range of around 25% is what we set our target,
but now we have reached almost close to in any way bidding 29%-30% range.
And we also said our main thing would be to address the domestic market and
that is the reason we are expanding, we are creating the new facilities because
we have a clear visibility of the domestic market where it is going to go. So, at
the same time, our exports are also growing, but exports are not at the cost of
the domestic market.
N. Venu: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Bhalchandra Vasant
Shinde from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Bhalchandra V. Shinde: Hi, sir. If you can provide some insights on recent budget also, there has been
potentially given for seven high speed rail and on the export opportunity also,
again one point to address is currency has depreciated, so we will be more
[page 14]
Page 13 of 18
competitive advantage wise, also on the better manufacturing cost. So, don't
you think that relatively export opportunity should increase for us further?
N. Venu: Thank you, Bala, for this question. I think on the budget, I think in addition to
what you talked about, there are many other positive things out there, but if I
only stick to the seven corridors of high speed rail, it is definitely a big
opportunity for Hitachi Energy, and I'm not sure what kind of funding, etc. If it
happens to be a Japanese funding then we are going to be in a much more
sweet spot on that, but leave alone the funding. I think this is the opportunity,
in fact, again considering this opportunity. We already started expanding our
traction transformer facility. So, we are expanding our traction
transformer(facility) and lot of other equipment which go into that are also
being expanded. Yesterday, we did our ground breaking ceremony for high
voltage product facility in Savli in Gujarat. So, this also lot of this equipment will
go, not only into the transmission but also into this high speed rails, etc., . So,
you are absolutely right, export right now because of the currency we can
definitely take advantage of it, but we are building a solid and sustainable
strategy. So, we don't want to create a strategy around a temporary
phenomenon. If it remains like that, probably we will definitely do that but on a
short-term basis, yes, we are reaching out to some of our global companies
wherever they need, so they can procure from us it will be competitiveness for
us. Those things we do it, but as I said we are looking at our company at a longer
term, longer strategy and basis which we are working on things. And as you
have seen our margins evolution over the last five years in only one direction
improvement.
Bhalchandra V. Shinde: One last point on the exports. Can I continue?
N. Venu: Yes, go ahead.
Bhalchandra V. Shinde: Yes, one last point on exports. Sir, as per our global analyst meet and
takeaways, there also our capacities are tied up till FY '30, FY '32 and we are
adding capacities in India and other regions also. How is the scenario according
to you on the global scale for us in that perspective that on the demand supply
gap?
N. Venu: On the global scale, globally also it is a same situation. But globally, if they are
adding the capacities, in fact based on the frame agreements etc., in that. So, it
is quite tight and quite challenging in those things. And whatever the capacities
we have added, in fact the need is to further addition is what we feel. So, those
things are getting evolved as you see the demand. See, there are lot of things
[page 15]
Page 14 of 18
are evolving. We very much understand that is not a traditional power systems.
Traditional power system, we know the load growth, etc., . That AI data centers,
the demand is so huge and the need at yesterday’s basis. That is the urgency of
building up those kind of infrastructure. And that needs not only the equipment,
but AI-ready data centers and variation in the load from 100 MW to 250 MW in
seconds, not even minutes, seconds. So, you have to have the power systems
flexible enough to manage that kind of load center, right. So, it is not only the
equipment, your whole system needs to be geared up, and that is what is
happening in North America, that is what we see in Europe, etc. And we are very
confident personally, that we see that mirroring in India as well.
Bhalchandra V. Shinde: Got it. Thank you very much.
N. Venu: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital.
Please go ahead.
Amit Anwani: Hi. So, thank you for the opportunity. Again on data center, you did highlight it
about the strong prospects. So, I just wanted to understand in terms of
addressable market you have in that space. And since, as you highlighted, North
America, is our export having data center orders already? What is the
proportion? Has that increased? So, is export also will be driven by data center
orders globally? Just a color on that?
N. Venu: Yes. I think, as I said, our exports, we are creating, again, capacities, etc., for
domestic market, but we are flexible enough to address those exports in the
data centers and also in industries, etc., in the nearby, our region, Southeast
Asia, and other aspects of that. So, to answer your question, yes, data centers
is also one of the things we are looking at. We have already received part of the
orders from the data centers as exports. And we are also bidding for some other
exports for data centers.
Amit Anwani: So, what is the addressable market there?
N. Venu: No, I think we will not be bidding everything together from here. So, we will be
complementing with our global organization, wherever they are bidding it. So,
of course, if there is a requirement for a couple of hundred transformers. They
will also source a couple of transformers from our side . So, we are not able to
estimate exactly what is the addressable market in those areas.
[page 16]
Page 15 of 18
Amit Anwani: And sir, what is the contribution from data center currently?
N. Venu: No. Contribution from the data center and overall our order is still a single digit,
high single digit.
Amit Anwani: And this we are expecting to grow much faster, probably?
N. Venu: Yes.
Amit Anwani: Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.
N. Venu: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal
from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal: Sir, just one question on this news, if you can help us understand regarding the
Chinese thing which has been going on in the transformer side, say your views
on that?
N. Venu: Thank you, Parikshit. I think we have also read the news and we have not seen
any government clarification or official message on that. But what we heard
during our interactions that they don't allow any imports from neighboring
countries, border countries. So, if they may, in case if they have any
manufacturing facility here, they may allow. But for us, it is not about which
competition is that. As long as the level playing field is there, we do not have
any issue with that. So, we don't see that as a major threat. So due to that we
are not holding any of our expansion projects or things like that. We are very
confident that as long as the level playing field is there, so we can beat the
competition.
Parikshit Kandpal: And second question is around the HVDC order. So, I understand that you have
a level of localization in India and then there will be imports from the parent
entity. So, when you calculate royalty, so how does it work? So, does the
imports are excluded from that or the entire revenue is, the royalties will be
applicable on the entire revenue? So, how does it work on the accounting side?
Ajay Singh: So, basically, royalty generally is calculated based on the overall revenue. But
if there is any inter-company thing, that generally gets excluded.
Parikshit Kandpal: So, in these two HVDCs?
[page 17]
Page 16 of 18
N. Venu: Royalty is paid as a technology, not as a localization of import. Royalty is
because we are getting the technology and the technology we are allowed to
localize. For that you need to pay the royalty. And once you localize it, it is not
that it will be there for every time they get an update, there will be some addition
to that technology. So, those things continue to do that. So, royalty is absolutely
required, for example, because we are paying the royalty, that is why our SF6-
free technology which is available in the world, so we are able to bring it here
and sell it to our customers in India, to PGCL and everything in that. So, that is
a big advantage.
Parikshit Kandpal: Sir, just wanted to clarify whether this entire HVDC order, Royalty will be paid
on that or import content will be excluded. Just a clarification I need?
N. Venu: We will not give you exactly like that, Parikshit. But there will be some
calculation, methodology, etc., what is excluded, what is not excluded in that.
But it will be at least some percentage on a ballpark, on overall thing ..
Parikshit Kandpal: Sure, sir. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Mohan Krishnaswami,
an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.
Mohan Krishnaswami: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, on the data center, we have been
reading reports stating that there will be an element of HVDC content in those
orders because the power requirement and the speed of transmission is very
different and very high. So, do you think that is correct? And do we have the
capability to do that in Hitachi Energy India?
N. Venu: Well, I think, as I said, the data centers are evolving. What kind of data center
being built in the US is completely different from the data center being built
here. So, that is what I said, that 90% of the AI-ready data centers are located
in those two countries. And I am sure those data centers once start coming up
here, so we will also look at it. Yes, absolutely, today the data centers are having
a big challenge in managing, getting not only the reliable, affordable and clean
power, but also ensuring that managing the flexibility of that. So, there are the
data centers we are looking at connecting directly to HVDC through any other
renewable source. So, from a competency standpoint, we do have those things
in Hitachi Energy in India to do those kinds of things as and when it is required
and wherever it is required.
[page 18]
Page 17 of 18
Mohan Krishnaswami: Sure. And secondly, sir, the recent EU deal, whenever it gets finally signed,
being a European company as well, do you think that can have some impact on
our export strategy in the years ahead?
N. Venu: Yes. So, that is what I said. Definitely, we will look at using our factories in India
to the benefit of our own companies in Europe because of this tariff expense.
So, that there will be some tweaking we will do, or at least we really look into
it, how this will pan out and what are the products we supply from here to
Europe. Those are the things.
Mohan Krishnaswami: Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Shirom Kapur from
Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Shirom Kapur: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just want to understand a bit more on the export
strategy. Is there any thoughts on the parent allocating greater markets to the
Indian entity, given you the global shortages? Is there scope for the Indian entity
to serve more export requirements of the parent?
N. Venu: Thank you, Shirom. I think our export strategy is very robust, and we have been
building over a period of time. And we have a three-pronged strategy. The first
one is that we do have certain global feeder factories, and those products we
only manufacture here and we sell all over the world. And then we have some
allocated markets and these allocated markets being reviewed to add a little
bit more wherever it makes sense for us. And then we develop these allocated
markets just like any other market together with the local sales organization of
that particular country. And then we start amalgamating our factories and start
selling those things. So, this is accelerating as we speak and we are getting
more and more markets to do that. And the third one is we do have a feeder
factories where we manufacture the components for the bigger product. And
this component we sell it to our own factories around the world. And the
combination of these three, what we are saying, it will be 25%-30% of our
revenues going forward. Excluding, of course, you need to take out the big
HVDC project, then it will be 25%-30%.
Shirom Kapur: Understood, sir. Thank you so much. All the best.
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Subhadip Mitra from
Nuvama. Please go ahead.
[page 19]
Page 18 of 18
Subhadip Mitra: Good evening, and thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to get a
clarification on one point. I am trying to connect two things. First, you have
mentioned in the past that starting 4Q of FY '26, you are firmly going to be
entering double-digit margins. I think we have already done that two quarters
early. Margins are already quite strong. At the same time, we are seeing the
Adani HVDC project, which has gotten delayed for some time, now entering into
the commissioning stage. Is there a chance that we could see some delay
related penalty or LD related hits that could come in 4Q? Or are you confident
of maintaining these levels of margins and only improving from there on?
N. Venu: We don't have any delay in the HVDC on account of us or LD or anything like
that. So, that is very clear, and we don't see that as a challenge. As I said, we
have been building on a long-term basis and you have seen in the last, not three
quarters, but several quarters, what we are saying and what we are doing it.
And very consistently, we are making the margins up.
Subhadip Mitra: Perfect, sir. Thank you so much. That clarifies my question.
Moderator: Thank you.
N. Venu: Operator, if you don't have any questions, we almost came to the last minute.
Moderator: Over to you, sir, for the closing comments.
N. Venu: Once again, thank you very much for your participation and your engagement.
If you need any further information, please do reach out to us. We are happy to
engage with you and provide any additional information, etc... We are in such
an era of sustainable energy future. We are super excited about the
opportunities arising, not only out of our traditional segment, but also the new
segments. And I am sure, like us, you are also super excited about what we are
doing. Thank you for joining and looking forward to seeing you or meeting you
or talking to you. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Thank you. On behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, I would
like to conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now
disconnect your lines.
