[page 1]
 
   
 
 
20th May 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ISIN: INE0SII01026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Submission of the Transcript of Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 14th May 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors 
on Thursday, May  14, 2026 at 12.00 P.M. (IST) on Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
The aforementioned transcript of the ‘Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ is also uploaded on the 
Company’s website i.e. www.qualitypower.com.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  Thanking you,  Yours faithfully, For Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited 
 
 
 
 Deepak Ramchandra Suryavanshi  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  ICSI Membership No.: A27641 Place: Sangli       
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
  NSE Symbol: QPOWER 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers,  Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
  BSE Scrip Code: 544367  
[page 2]
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARANIDHARAN PANDYAN – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. SANJOG MHATRE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. RAJESH JAYARAMAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
MRS. SARIKA JADHAV – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE  
  
MODERATOR: M R. SIDDARTH BHAMRE – ASIT C. MEHTA 
INVESTMENT INTERMEDIATES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Quality Power Electrical Equipments 
Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Asit C. Mehta Investment Intermediates. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr Siddarth Bhamre from Asit C. Mehta Investment Intermediates. Thank 
you and over to you, sir.  
Siddarth Bhamre: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I once again thank all of you to join this conference call 
of Quality Power Electrical Equipments and we are discussing Q4 FY26 and FY26 numbers. 
We, Asit C. Mehta Investment Intermediates Limited, we are a Pantomath Group of company 
and we would like to congratulate the entire team of Quality Power in achieving 1,000 plus 
crores of total income in FY26.  
Also, we would request management to emphasize on this rise in other expenses due to 
accounting entry as per AS 29, which factored in impact of hyperinflation on the balance sheet 
of its Turkish subsidiary. So today on call, we have with us Mr. Bharanidharan Pandyan, who 
is Joint Managing Director, Mr. Sanjog Mhatre, CEO, Mr. Rajesh Jayaraman, CFO and Mrs. 
Sarika Jadhav, Senior Vice President, Finance. Over to you, Bharanidharan. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Siddarth. Good afternoon, everybody and thank you for joining our earnings call. On behalf of 
the management team, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, employees and 
partners for their continued trust and support. On a personal note today, on the 12th of May we 
lost Dr. Radhakrishnan Pillai my Professor of Strategy at SPJIMR. He taught us that competition 
is a science through both Arthashastra and Art of War. Two ideas from his classroom have 
stayed with me and they have shaped how we have built Quality Power as a small technology 
company competing against far larger global names.  
From the Arthashastra, Chanakya's council that a smaller state does not engage the larger one 
where it is the strongest. It builds its capability patiently, chooses its ground and competes only 
when its preparation gives it an edge. From Sun Tzu, the principle that a better general wins the 
battle before it is fought by choosing the terrain and the timing, rather than fighting harder on 
somebody else's ground.  
Much of what we have done at Quality Power have been guided by these two ideas. My gratitude 
to him and my condolences to his family. On the opportunity ahead, the global energy transition, 
HVDC, FACTS investments, renewable integration, grid modernization and power quality 
requirements continue to create long-term opportunities for our sector.  
We see healthy engagement across utilities, renewables, industry applications and data center 
infrastructure across multiple operating markets. To begin the call, I would like to have a few 
housekeeping remarks. First, on the enabling resolution for fundraising placed before 
shareholders. This is a long-term growth capital enabler available to the company as and when 
required.  
[page 4]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 3 of 24 
 
It could support future expansion opportunities, including North America related growth 
initiatives or acquisitions, subject to a business plan and market comfort at an appropriate time. 
The funds will be called as and when required and not necessarily immediately.  
                                                Second, on the alignment. In light of the proposed fundraising, the promoters in the management 
have collectively decided to forgo any incremental salary for the second consecutive year and 
to forgo our share of dividend again this year. The intent is to preserve cash, strengthen the 
balance sheet and keep any future dilution as minimal as possible.  
I would request that this not be read as a permanent posture or a forward-looking commitment 
beyond this context. It is a decision tied to the present fundraise. Third, a word on how we 
communicate on these calls. Our responsibility is not only to talk about the achievements, but 
equally to be open about risks, execution challenges and areas of caution that are often under-
discussed in the normal course of business.  
                                                And finally on Siddarth question INR 25.7 crores hyperinflationary adjustment in Turkish 
subsidiary under IndAS 29. This, in all honesty, is the Duckworth-Lewis of our financial year. 
We executed the plan, we hit the numbers we said we would hit, the cash came in, the orders 
shipped, the bank account looked exactly as we had planned and then a formula in the audit 
room kindly explained that on paper the scoreboard read INR 25.7 crores lighter.  
The good news is that this is a non-cash adjustment. The operating performance of the business 
and the cash it has generated are unaffected. As engineers, we would have scored the match 
differently. As a listed company, we report what the standard requires us to report and we have 
disclosed it accordingly. 
 On our results briefly, we have crossed for the first time INR 1,000 crores in total revenue with 
an EBITDA of INR 236 crores, in spite of the write-off adjustment that we had just spoken 
about. Q4 was our highest ever quarter at about INR 310 crores in total revenue. At the start of 
the year, we had guided to a revenue band of roughly INR 800 crores with EBITDA in margins 
between early teens and to 20%.  
We have closed the year above that range on revenue and at approximately 23.8% margins. This 
has been possible in difficult supply chain conditions and I want to thank my colleagues, our 
partners and our customers for helping us deliver better than the guidance we had set for 
ourselves. 
 On Q4 profitability, the quarter includes one-time provisions related to the new Labor Codes 
across our Indian operations and subsidiaries. Within the subsidiary, Mehru has delivered 
around 20% EBITDA margins this quarter, a meaningful contribution and a sign of how well 
the integration is settling in. 
 A note on comparability. This is the first quarter of Endoks in our consolidated numbers for our 
last quarter. For a cleaner read, please look at Endoks on a YoY basis rather than a QoQ basis, 
since Endoks follows a January-December financial year and while in its final quarter when last 
quarter was reported, the bases are not directly comparable. We enter FY27 with an order book 
of over INR 1,400 crores, about 1.4x last year's revenue. 
[page 5]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 4 of 24 
 
 How we think about our growth and margin across our portfolio. We do not run Quality Power 
as a collection of independent businesses each chasing its own number. We run it as a team with 
a strategy. In any given year, the raw material environment in one product line or the customer 
mix in another will mean that one business needs support on growth while the other needs 
support on margin.  
Because our businesses do not necessarily share the same customers and raw materials, we can 
lean on one another in strategies. One carries the margin in a year while the other carries the 
growth and the next year it can flip. This year, given the raw material environment in our high 
voltage product business, we chose to chase growth in our power electronics business, accepting 
some margin sacrifice to do so.  
The window to build scale and customer references in power electronics is now. As we scale, 
margins will follow and as the group pursues its ambition in energy storage, component prices 
should continue to ease with increased volume of orders. That easing also makes our future 
entry into the Indian storage market more viable as electronic component costs come closer to 
Chinese prices at volume.  
Meanwhile, the high voltage product portfolio holds the margin line for the group. That is a 
team at work. Beyond the numbers, we have been broadening this company beyond a traditional 
high voltage equipment manufacturer. The PCS or power conversion system for grid-scale 
energy storage is an example.  
It has been developed in-house by our own R&D and engineering team, the result of investments 
over several years in power electronics design, testing capability and engineering depth. We are 
setting up a dedicated PCS factory for BESS application to commercialize it at scale. Our 1,725 
KW PCS inverter design is also underway and we expect to bring it to the market over the next 
few quarters. 
 GIS is another example of the same pattern. A category we have invested in patiently and one 
we expect will over time deliver the same kind of compounding contribution that our earlier 
R&D-led products have delivered. At Mehru, the development of 765 kV product category is 
the clearest signal that technology improvement is a way of life at Quality Power.  
It is how we operate. Whether it is a 765 kV step at Mehru, the in-house PCS or our GIS build-
out, what you are seeing is the same underlying habit: investing in capability ahead of demand, 
trusting our own R&D, and moving the technology bar one step at a time. While all this is 
happening, we continue to scale businesses, our capacities across product lines and geographies. 
These are not separate projects.  
They are one effort, building a technology moat and a scale moat together. Technology earns us 
the right to participate in the most demanding tenders. Scale earns us the right to win them. Both 
remain our primary advantage in the market and we intend to keep investing in both. As the 
company grows in size and complexity, we are deepening our engagement with the academia 
and bringing in regular training from renowned external trainers and institutions.  
[page 6]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 5 of 24 
 
The objective is to build the next layer of managers and engineers within Quality Power who 
can take this organization forward into a larger, more global and more technology-intensive 
future. On the external environment, geopolitical conditions across several corridors continue 
to make an already congested supply chain more difficult. These are industry-wide realities, and 
we are managing them through vertical integration, as I described earlier. 
 As a closing remark, we remain focused on disciplined execution, technology leadership and 
long-term value creation. There is much that remains to be built and we are clear-eyed about it. 
With that, I hand over the call to Mr. Sanjog Mhatre our CEO, for the business overview, 
following which we shall be happy to take your questions. Thank you. Jai Hind. 
Sanjog Mhatre: Thank you, Mr. Pandyan. Good noon to everyone joining us today and thank you for 
participating in our earnings call. The past quarter has been yet another important milestone in 
our growth journey. Despite a dynamic global business environment, we continued to 
demonstrate strong execution capabilities, operational discipline and growing customer 
confidence across international markets.  
Over the last few years, Quality Power has evolved from a fast-growing engineering company 
into a more integrated, process-driven and globally competitive organization. One of the 
strongest indicators of the growth momentum is our historic order book position. Today, Quality 
Power has an order book exceeding INR 520 crores, while the overall group order book stands 
tall above INR 1,400 crores.  
Our subsidiaries continue to perform strongly as well, with Mehru carrying an order book of 
approximately INR 430 crores and Endoks at nearly INR 450 crores. Importantly, during the 
last quarter alone, we have added over INR 600 crores of fresh orders, reflecting increasing 
customer confidence and strong market demand. 
 Our business pipeline remains highly encouraging as we currently pursue opportunities 
exceeding INR 1,100 crores for QP alone, including strong opportunities in FACTS systems, 
renewables and data center infrastructure. Demand visibility continues to remain robust across 
the Middle East, Europe, the United States and Australia, particularly in grid modernization, 
renewable integration, STATCOM applications and power quality solutions.  
To support future growth, we continue investing in manufacturing infrastructure and technology 
capabilities. Our new factory is expected to commence operations around July-August 2026, 
alongside the commissioning of a new high-voltage test laboratory, which will significantly 
enhance our testing and execution capabilities too.  
At Mehru, additional oven capacity is being added post-September 2026, along with the 
development of GIS manufacturing and testing infrastructure. The GIS product line is 
progressing well, with the first prototypes expected around July-August 2026. Endoks is also 
setting up a new BESS manufacturing facility based on in-house developed technology, 
underscoring our focus on innovation-led growth. Thus, we expect to launch the 1,725 KW PCS 
inverter within the next two quarters at Endoks, as Mr. Bharanidharan Pandyan just mentioned. 
[page 7]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 6 of 24 
 
 Operationally, we continue to strengthen the organization through recruitment of skilled 
manpower across engineering, manufacturing, projects, and leadership functions. Recently, we 
conducted a vision meet at Panhala Fort, involving nearly 95 senior and middle management 
members from across the Quality Power Group. This strategic exercise aligned all group 
companies around a common long-term vision, mission, and growth roadmap. 
 We believe one of the most encouraging developments today is that sustained growth, 
operational discipline, and cross-functional collaboration are increasingly becoming part of our 
organizational culture across all levels. At the same time, the global environment continues to 
remain dynamic. Geopolitical tensions, logistics disruptions, commodity volatility, and supply 
chain constraints continue to impact industries globally. 
 We are currently facing certain execution challenges related to insulators and winding 
conductors. However, mitigation initiatives are already underway, including our own cable 
manufacturing initiatives that will improve supply reliability going forward. Importantly, as the 
global shifts are accelerating the movement towards diversified and resilient sourcing strategies, 
positioning India as a preferred global manufacturing and engineering destination, we believe 
Quality Power is well-positioned to benefit from these structural opportunities. 
 Going forward, our priorities remain clear: expanding our global market presence, strengthening 
manufacturing and execution capabilities and supply chain resilience, investing in technology 
and digital systems, building scalable leadership and organizational depth, maintaining 
disciplined and sustainable growth. 
 To conclude, therefore, we are entering the next phase with stronger teams, improving 
infrastructure, historically a record order book, growing global visibility, and a long-term 
commitment towards building a globally competitive, strong organization. Thank you once 
again for your continued trust and support. 
 I now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Rajesh Jayaraman, who will walk you through the 
financial highlights for the quarter. 
Rajesh Jayaraman: Thank you, Bharani. Thank you, Sanjog. Good afternoon, everyone. It is a privilege to walk you 
through the financial highlights of what has happened, is an defining year for Quality Power. 
FY26 has closed comfortably ahead of every guidance milestone we set for ourselves at the start 
of the year. 
 We had originally guided the market to approximately INR 800 crores of consolidated revenue, 
which we subsequently revised upward to INR 900 crores with an EBITDA margin aspiration 
of around 22%. I am pleased to confirm that we have closed the year at a consolidated revenue 
of INR 1,007 crores, a growth of nearly 157% YoY, with a full-year EBITDA margin of 23.5%, 
comfortably above the revised guidance. 
 This is the first time in our history that we have crossed the INR 1,000 crores revenue mark, and 
we have done so while simultaneously expanding profitability. Full-year EBITDA stands at INR 
236 crores, up by 98%. Profit before tax at INR 216 crores, up by 93%, and PAT at INR 185 
[page 8]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 7 of 24 
 
crores, up by 85% YoY. Standalone performance was equally robust, with revenue of INR 227 
crores and PAT of INR 55 crores. 
 A particular highlight has been the successful operational integration of Mehru Electrical and 
Mechanical Engineers, where margins have expanded to approximately 20% in Q4 and 15% 
within just one year of acquisition, supported by revenue stream expansion and deeper market 
penetration. 
 On the key business ratios, the trajectory is clearly improving across the board. Gross margin 
for FY26 stands at 43.7%, expanding to 47.7% in Q4, reflecting a richer product mix and a 
higher share of engineering content revenue. FY26 PBT margin has held firm at 21.5% and PAT 
margin at 18.4%. Return on equity has expanded materially. Finance costs remain contained at 
under 0.7% of revenue, and we continue to operate as an essentially debt-light enterprise with 
healthy interest coverage. 
 Earnings per share for the FY26 stands at INR 15.67 versus INR 9.10 in FY25. The order book 
exiting the year is in excess of INR 1,400 crores, approximately 1.4 times FY26 revenue, giving 
us strong forward visibility into FY27 and beyond. Now, allow me to address one important 
technical matter that materially affects the optics of our Q4 numbers. This is a nuanced 
accounting subject, and I would request your patient attention here so that there is absolutely no 
ambiguity. You will note that Q4 consolidated EBITDA margin appears at 19.1% against 27.9% 
in Q3, and Q4 PBT margin at 17.3% versus 26.1% in Q3. 
 This does not reflect any deterioration in underlying business performance, any cash cost, any 
operating shortfall, or any erosion of margins at the subsidiary level. Our Turkish step-down 
subsidiary, Endoks Energy, operates in an economy classified as hyperinflationary under Ind 
AS 29, which is financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies. 
 Under this standard, all non-monetary items on the subsidiary's balance sheet, such as property, 
plant and equipment, inventories, and equity, must be restated using a general price index to 
reflect the current measuring unit at the reporting date. Monetary items, such as cash, 
receivables, and payables, are not restated. 
 But because they lose purchasing power in a hyperinflationary environment, the net monetary 
position naturally erodes in real terms during inflationary periods. And this purchasing power 
loss is recognized through the profit and loss account, in our case classified under other expense.  
                                                For Q4 FY26 specifically, this restatement has resulted in a net monetary loss of approximately 
INR 25.7 crores. I would like analysts to clearly note four points. First, this is a purely 
accounting-driven, non-monetary, non-cash adjustment mandated by Ind AS 29. It does not flow 
into operating cash flow working capital, or any element of business performance. Second, the 
treatment is symmetric across quarters. 
 In earlier quarters of this year, similar conditions produced net monetary gains that were 
recognized under the same head. So QoQ optics will continue to fluctuate purely on index 
movements, not on business reality. Third, Endok's underlying operating margins continue to 
[page 9]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 8 of 24 
 
remain north of 25%, and the business is delivering strongly on commercial milestones, 
including the new PCS facility at Nigde. 
 Fourth, and most importantly, normalized for this Ind AS 29 charge, our consolidated PAT for 
FY26 would have crossed INR 210 crores. I would strongly encourage analysts to model Endoks 
on an Ind AS 29 normalized basis when projecting forward, treating these monetary loss or gain 
entries as below-the-line non-operating items. Q4 figures additionally absorb one-time 
provisions related to the new Indian Labour Codes across our operations. 
 Beyond the headline numbers, the balance sheet continues to strengthen meaningfully. 
Consolidated total assets stand at INR 1,112 crores against INR 814 crores a year ago, and total 
equity has expanded to INR 774 crores. Cash and bank balances stand at INR 248 crores, and 
capital work-in-progress has scaled to INR 73 crores, reflecting active deployment across the 
Sangli global coil manufacturing facility, the HVDC, PCS, CTC, magnet wire facility on track 
for Q3 FY27 commissioning. Mehru's INR 17.2 crores capex program for GIS and high-voltage 
testing equipment, and the new Endoks PCS facility at Nigde targeted for December 2026. 
 On capital allocation, the board has recommended a final dividend of INR 1 per share, with 
promoters voluntarily waiving their entitlement to conserve cash ahead of growth investments. 
The board has also approved an enabling authorization to raise up to USD 75 million across 
permissible modes, strategic dry powder for international expansion, acquisitions, and 
technology investments. We exit FY26 stronger, deeper, and better positioned than ever before. 
Thank you. Now I request the moderator to take on, and we are ready for question and answer. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. First question is from the line of Archit Shah from 360 One Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Archit Shah: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. This is Kunal. Just wanted to quickly, you know, understand 
about the BESS and the data center opportunity. We already got one large order on the BESS 
side. So how large this opportunity could be both on the BESS and the data center side over the 
next few years? And what are the key products, you know, that will go into this from our side? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Good morning, Kunal. This is Bharani here. Talking about BESS, we have been consistently 
investing on this product line. The current order book at this moment stands at about US$31 
million. And we are expecting that we close another 30 to 50 million US dollars by the end of 
the year. Which means at about US$80 million, we will be the largest PCS manufacturing 
company in our country, where the scale also helps us to increase significantly. 
 The reason why we have put the PCS factory in Turkey is because we have a better price 
realization in Turkey compared to India. To compete in India, we need to have cheaper prices, 
and that can only happen when we get semiconductors at a discount. So, we believe this year 
we should be targeting anywhere between US$60 and US$80 million in order, and it's a billion-
dollar opportunity really to be realistic. 
 With regards to data center, we started with Microsoft in Finland last year. I think this time we 
have again got one of the big threes in the pocket in the US. It was I think a INR 49 crores order 
[page 10]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 9 of 24 
 
that we bagged a couple of weeks back. I was in the US last week. I believe we should get a 
couple of projects or more in the next few quarters. There is a demand for eco-reactor for every 
large data center tie-up that is coming up in that part of the world. 
It's a part of spec where the current problem we are having is, we are already booked out on 
deliveries. Most of these data centers come at a 6-7 months kind of a timeline. We are already 
booked out on HVDC and other projects, as my colleague Mr. Sanjog said. 
We are almost north of INR 500 crores on the current order book. It's only when we take into 
the new facility we will be able to take more orders. But I believe the market size for just data 
center integration for reactors in the US market is about INR 1,500 crores per year. 
Archit Shah: My next question sir, is on the Sangli plant. So now the commissioning we are targeting is 
around July, right? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan : July end, August is what we are guiding in. The people have written back, the guys who had 
shortage of gas and operating problems during the start of the conflict. But I think we are at full 
swing. We are anticipating trial productions to start at that time. Yes. 
Archit Shah: And sir thirdly, I don't know, maybe the line was bad. I'm not sure if you mentioned about the 
guidance for the year. If not, can you talk about the guidance for the year on top line and 
margins? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan : The guidance would be, as of now, we have given the market an S-curve where this year we 
stabilize, where we have a lot of people that we will be taking across organizations, because a 
lot of factories are coming in. The guidance is around 15% and 20%. With regards to our 
traditional product line, I think we are happy with the margins where we are. Maybe a couple 
of points here and there because of the conflict and the related price increases. 
With regards to BESS, I need to make it clear, whatever is the battery pass-through at this 
moment is about 2% or 3%. On the converter side, it's about 10% or 12%. As we scale up, we 
anticipate the 10% or 12% to be at about 17%-18% for the inverter. The batteries are being 
passed through the balance sheet because we are building the containers where the battery and 
the PCS go all together. As I said, this is a volume game. 
 The more that we are able to bring in the semiconductors, I think we will get cheaper. So, it's an 
investment mode at this moment. Otherwise, I think we should be happy at about 15%-20% 
more than what earnings what we are right now. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. 
Nemish Sundar: Sir, just expanding a bit on the BESS. So you highlighted the opportunity pipeline. So just 
wanted to understand who will be our competitors here? Like, will we be competing with certain 
local players or would be competing with certain MNCs like ABB, Siemens, and Hitachi who 
are also supplying there? Or what would be the competitive landscape of BESS in the domestic 
and global? 
[page 11]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 10 of 24 
 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Good morning, Nimesh. The BESS is dominated by Chinese in most parts of the world. But 
fortunately, you have software and service support that helps you in Europe, which keeps the 
Chinese away. Also in the US and Australia, where they are not much preferred. In India, 
currently, only the EMS needs to be domesticated with a domestic supply. The power 
electronics, they still do not have a large manufacturing base and is currently being imported.  
But with regards to, competition, I would say Chinese would be the largest competition. GE is 
a large player, but it is at a very high level on the pricing front. Our focus at this moment, is to 
bring in that US$70 to US$80 million of order this year and then grow into a billion dollar 
opportunity in the next few years. The competition will always be Chinese is where we are 
seeing as an Asian company. We are not competing GE in this product line yet because we are 
upstarts in the market. 
Nemish Sundar: Okay, sir. On the data centers, we already got an order and you said we received another order. 
So on the current facility and the new facility, would we be in a position to cater to multiple data 
center orders as we scale up forward in India and globally? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, Nimesh, you have visited the facility. You know the kind of scale that we are building in. 
The story is not only our capability, it is also the raw material supply chain. We have always 
been blaming the insulator guys. So it is over a period of time that we will build in the capacity 
that is required to deliver. As I said, it is just not data center. We are delivering HVDC in 
Australia, HVDC in India. There is already one that we are likely to close by this year. 
There is Barmer, which has also gone for a tender, which again we should come this year. All 
these are multi-million dollar orders. We are also exporting quite a bit to Europe, Middle East, 
Australia, Southeast Asia. So we are quite busy. So we cannot deliver to only one market and 
one product. We are just trying to ensure that we have flavor of everything. As and when our 
supply chain eases up, we will be able to take market shares. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Lovish Soien from Burman Capital Management. 
Lovish Soien: Yes, sir. I wanted to understand the TAM potential of reactors and transformers that we supply 
from our standalone business and Mehru business. So in India, for a typical project, HVDC 
project like our Bhadla-Fatehgarh corridor, which is a 6 GW project, I wanted to understand 
what is the total value of reactors and instrument transformers that will be used in that project? 
And also, what is the timeline for the supply of these components for that project? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So to give you an idea, a classic 6 GW HVDC, which is, LCC technology, would entail 
anywhere between INR 200 to INR 300 crores of reactors alone. Another INR 50 to INR 70 
crores of instrument transformers. At the moment, we are adding more products into the kitty. 
LCC is not a 6 GW link yet. It is normally a 2 GW link. It's much smaller in technology because 
they are basically trying to connect renewables. 
And it's an IGBT converter at 6 GW level. It is still not operational yet. So we believe that would 
be about INR 70 to INR 100 crores approximately at this moment at the coil business side. With 
regards to transformers, I'm not sure, because standalone business, we also make transformers. 
[page 12]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 11 of 24 
 
We have had opportunities in this quarter where we were bidding US$80 to US$100 million of 
transformers alone in the US market. 
Unfortunately, we lost a lot. And I think we also as a strategy are unsure whether we have to 
scale up our transformer business because we do not know the sustainability of transformers 
with the kind of capacity that is being built across the world. So we are also looking at a lot of 
exposure of transformers. 
We are currently engaged in multiple bids for transformers for data centers as we speak. But 
this is not something of a priority and at a lower margin than what we are operating, we are not 
intending to book the orders. With instrument transformers for the, yes. 
Lovish Soien: Yes, sir, just to summarize the overall opportunity, let's say in a regular HVDC corridor 
currently would be somewhere around INR 350 to INR 400 crores for us, right? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Assuming that we take the entire lot. But unfortunately, the current supply chain does not allow 
us to take the entire lot. Because once we book the supply chain and the factory, you cannot 
supply to other people. As of last quarter, our revenue for the year was about INR 230 crores, if 
I'm not wrong. And what we say the order book is already INR 500 crores. And if I open the 
corridors, we will get more. So execution is the key and not order. 
Lovish Soien: Understood. And sir, if I look at just globally, what would be the market potential for our 
products of these reactor coils and the instrument transformers that we have? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I would like to talk about peer-reviewed data rather than data that is, what we say off my hook. 
My largest competitor is a company called Trench Electric Limited, earlier owned by Siemens, 
now by a private equity. I think as of last December, they had EUR 1.5 billion in pending order 
book. For the instrument transformer, there is a listed company called Arteche in the Spanish 
market, which is the nearest competitor to Mehru. 
I think their revenues were slightly north of INR 3,500 crores. So I believe the opportunity size 
or the TAM is not a problem. We have enough to grow for the current markets. It's only the 
execution which is our challenges internally. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Kartik Kohli from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Kartik Kohli: Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. I had two quick questions. One, I don't know if this was 
discussed previously. Can you shed more light on your BESS business? I would like to know 
more on  the operating strategy of the business. What kind of customers you're looking at? And 
what is the advantage that you're offering versus competitors in the markets that you're looking 
at? And I'll come back with my second question. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So Karthik, BESS is basically a high voltage, high power inverter, similar to the SVC and 
STATCOMs that we are already building in Turkey, medium voltage. Now, where the BESS is 
required, BESS has a variety of applications. In India, they are primarily used for peak power 
discharge. Most of the tenders in India is basically an O&M tender, whereas we are a 
manufacturer. 
[page 13]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 12 of 24 
 
So in a BESS, we have three or four major components. First is the battery itself, which we 
never intend to get into because that is chemistry. Then you have the power electronic inverter, 
which is something that we are manufacturing. Then we have the software, that is the EMS that 
is connecting the BESS to the grid. And finally, we have the transformer, which is an in-house 
product for us. So this is the value chain. 
At this current moment, we are selling to developers of large renewable energy projects. 
However, BESS also has a very large market in the data center, where most of the data centers 
in the US have 50 megawatt of steam turbines, which are paralleled together. So in case of 
contingency, they use BESS like an UPS, where the battery component is less than 1% and the 
converters are much larger. So these are evolving businesses. 
We believe these will be multi-billion dollar businesses in a very few years. You can see that 
we would be talking about in excess of 2 GW of BESS projects every month in India alone. This 
year, we are targeting close to 500 to 600 MW of converter manufacturing, where we are 
integrating the battery, software into a converter shell and selling it to the team. We are not in 
an O&M model. We are just a manufacturer in this. 
Kartik Kohli: Got it. Sorry, sir. I meant what kind of customers in what geographies is the was the question. 
Sorry? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So the kind of customers is renewable energy developers. In India, if I would say that I would 
like to go to people like ACME or Avaada, but we are not going there. We are talking to similar 
counterparts in Europe.  The geographies are again Europe because we have a slightly better 
prices there compared to India. This will help us scale the business and bring the volume of 
semiconductors for the pricing advantage before we launch in India. India is definitely in our 
plans. 
Kartik Kohli: Got it, sir. Just one last question. So from your order book of INR 1,400 crores, I'm assuming 
like a large part of this, about INR 150 crores is coming from BESS order. Is there a sizable 
portion of data centers in your order book which may not get executed this year? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Mr. Sanjog Mhatre in his speech has spoken about the different order book of every entity. 
Quality Power is at this moment focusing on data centers, where we have an order book of about 
INR 520 crores. I think that is where we will be executing. I think the first data center order we 
will be executing is for the US this year. But there are more which may either be completed this 
year or next year. The Turkish guys are not focused on the data center. They are focused more 
on renewable energy integration and large steel factories. And the Mehru guys are focused on 
GIS, high voltage and AC substations. That's our focus. Different customers. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hemaant Soni, who is a Self-Employed. Please go 
ahead. 
Hemaant Soni: Sir, thank you for providing me the opportunity. And congratulations on beating the guidance. 
Sir, I think we have two expansions lined up, right? One at the Sangli plant and one at the Mehru 
plant. So what can be the incremental revenue from both the expansions? 
[page 14]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 13 of 24 
 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sir, the Sangli factory, I think the peak revenue that we can go in is about INR 1,500 crores, 
subject to we completing our CTC cable expansion and clear out our insulator problems. With 
regards to Mehru, I think another 20%, 30% before they scale down, because the plant would 
then saturate. 
But as we speak, we are also working out on a new expansion in Turkey. I believe we should 
have more data about it in the next quarter. The Turkish operations would cater to most of the 
global or the European load, whereas India would focus on India and near countries. 
Hemaant Soni: Sir, can you please quantify in numbers for the Mehru plant? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So as I said, last quarter, I think they did about INR 320 crores. Another 30% to 35% is what 
max I think the plant would saturate. Current plant. 
Hemaant Soni: 30% to 35%? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, that is the saturation of that plant. 
Hemaant Soni: And sir, I think we are also exploring a greenfield opportunity, right, in Mehru? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, but that is at Turkey, not in India. 
Hemaant Soni: Okay,  sir.  
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Soni. May we please request you to rejoin the queue, sir? Thank you. 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: Sir, one clarification on this PCS that you were talking of some factory expansion in Turkey. So 
that was not clear what exactly it is. Is it a new product line? And then you gave out that we are 
targeting some US$60 million, US$80 million of business. So, all those things were not clear. 
So you need to first tell us where is it? Is it a new line of business? What is this PCS that you 
were referring to? And some details would be easier. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Very good morning, sir. Long time, no hear from you. But with regards to PCS, we have been 
talking in the last four con calls. We have been saying that we are executing battery storage 
projects. We have our own products already on trial. This is a product that has come from our 
investments in R&D over the few years. We have been speaking about it. 
The orders are just picking up. So, once the orders are picking up, we are putting together the 
capacity expansion. PCS is basically the power converter that is required to ensure the energy 
stored in the battery is interconnected to the grid. The grid is at an AC supply and the battery is 
a DC supply. So, basically, you are converting high power DC to high power AC at a large 
power electronic base. That is what we call as the power conversion systems. 
 But while we are connecting the power conversion system, we also have a software interface 
because the battery is not, what we say, charged and discharged as and when it feels like, unlike 
a home inverter. This is charged and discharged at a forecast based on load demand and the 
pricing plan to the exchange.  
[page 15]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 14 of 24 
 
So, the software is connected to the main grid. That is where the data security and software 
security comes into play where the Chinese are normally not allowed. So, that gives us some 
sweet spots in the US and European market. Even Indian market very recently ensured that 
software interconnection is only Indian. The power electronics is also ours. The battery will 
continue to either integrate or ask customers to directly buy. So, PCS and power electronics is 
a part of BESS projects everywhere. 
Pritesh Chheda: So, it's basically an EMS product and you will land up supplying that or you will have to land 
up supplying the whole BESS. So, that will include a battery, an inverter and a PCS? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, at this moment, we are giving the entire container with our software, hardware and 
integrating batteries. However, we would be open to selling the converters standalone as a 
product line because we are a manufacturing company. 
Pritesh Chheda:  And is it currently made out of the Turkey units or how it is? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, because the center of competence for power electronics for us is Turkey. 
Pritesh Chheda:  Do you need to put any extra capacity there or it is made out of the existing? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, we have a lot of land banks there historically. So, about US$2 million is what we are putting 
in. Construction is very fast in that part of the world. So, I think by the time we are coming in 
for execution, the raw material is kicking in, I think we should start it. We are expecting the first 
order that we are back to start billing by the first or last quarter this year. So, you could see a lot 
more revenue of that coming in the next financial year. The orders will come this year, revenues 
will follow next year. 
Pritesh Chheda:  What kind of orders do you expect this year? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, US$31 million is already in the back. We believe another US$50 million is our target 
internally. So, that would mean that at least $80 million is what we carry forward next year from 
the production. 
Pritesh Chheda:  Sorry, 30 million in.  
Bharanidharan Pandyan: In US dollars. The money is in US dollars. 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. And can you just tell one thing, sir, in Endoks, the size of the business, which is about 
INR 468 crores this year. So, in the last 2 years, there is material difference. So, that difference 
is from a new project or a new product or where the difference comes from? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, it is basically when you are grid integrating any component, whether it is a steel factory or 
renewable, you need power electronics for support. So, there is a lot more demand like all our 
other product lines for grid integration. It is just demand-supply. 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditi from Iwealth. Please go ahead.  
[page 16]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 15 of 24 
 
Aditi: Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Like I had just one question regarding the 
other expenses. Like as you mentioned that INR 25 crores is due to the hyperinflationary part 
from Turkey. But even if we subtract that, we still have INR 33 crores left in other expenses, 
which is proportionately high if you compare it to the past quarter. So, little clarity on that. 
Sarika Jadhav: In other expenses, the net monetary gain loss of INR 25 crores has been categorized under other 
expenses and also the freight outward of INR 12 crores and LD of INR 5 crores. Because of 
that, that other expense has been increased during the last quarter.  
Aditi: Understood. And should we see it going ahead like this would be the run rate or it would come 
back to the INR14 crores-INR20 crores that we were doing?  
Bharanidharan Pandyan : The LD basically was from our subsidiary in Mehru, which has been curtailed. These are pre-
acquisition hit. With regards to the hyperinflation formula, it is not in our control. It's indexation. 
As and when the inflation rate comes down, it will come down. These are just optics for us and 
not real cash flow. 
As of what I see in the balance sheet of Endoks last year, without any net monetary gain or forex 
gain loss in their Turkish balance sheet, last year they had an EBITDA margin of 32.01%. And 
this year they have 32.13% despite growing 150% in revenue. So, they are stable on the 
reporting currency. It's only the translation error that is showing these numbers. 
Aditi:   Understood, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dev Gulwani from Care PMS. Please proceed. 
Dev Gulwani: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Just one question. In a standard battery energy storage system 
project, what percentage of the total project cost is attributable to PCS? If you have any idea, 
approximate number? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, at this current moment, it's between 40%-50% based on how much of battery storage the 
customer would like to have. In a data center application, the battery is about 5%. But the prices 
of battery being a commodity is expected to be at least half of what it is in the next 2 years. So, 
I believe the converters will become more expensive than the battery going for in the next 2 or 
3 years. So, where we will have a lot more mode to play around. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Maitri Shah from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Maitri Shah: Hello.  Good morning. A great set of numbers for this year. One clarification on the guidance 
you mentioned. We're looking at a 15% to 20% growth. Did I hear that correct? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Ma'am, we started with a guidance of INR 800 crores and the base has shifted already to INR 
1,000 crores. Our new factory is not ready yet. we have audits of 6 months. So, we will not be 
able to deliver much from the new facility. The main facility is also, you know, we are only 
getting it by September, the new ovens. So, that is also where it is. All the growth is being 
delivered from Endoks as we speak. So, that is why we are doing a muted guidance on growth. 
But order book would be different. 
[page 17]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 16 of 24 
 
 We will be picking up a lot more orders going forward in Q2, Q3 of this year, primarily to 
support the new capacities coming in. So, as I said, even in the last call, we are going through 
an S-shaped curve. So, this year is where we built together our team, where we are taking in 
maybe another 500 to 1,000 employees across the business segment and building the facility. 
And the next year, I think we should be going north of 50% again. 
Maitri Shah: That is great. Secondly, you said the order book growth, we are expecting quite a big order 
inflow from Q3 and Q4 because the new facilities are coming in. Any sort of target on the 
console order inflow for FY27? And maybe what order book number you would like to enter 
FY28 with? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think we should be comfortable with the same kind of numbers that we have. But I think we 
should be targeting at least INR 1,500 crores to INR 1,800 crores of order book before the start 
of next year. But we have to also understand that order books are normally 12 months. 
And if we are not able to deliver, we are not able to take in more orders. And most of our 
constraints right now, even if we ship the cables on time, there are insulators where the deliveries 
are already going 18 to 24 months. So, some of our projects are getting hurt because of some 
critical components. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. So, there's a supply chain restriction also kind of capping in our growth right now. Is that 
correct? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, but we will do something to even clean that up. We have been focused more on order book 
and the factories at this moment. We have been able to cover the cable problems by vertically 
integrating. I'm sure the board is also deciding something on the insulator side of the thing. As 
and when is the right time, we will let the markets know. 
Maitri Shah: Okay, that is great. And lastly, on the margins, we had a great jump in the gross margins for this 
quarter, even in such volatile conditions. So, do you see this 46% margin kind of continuing for 
next year? Or do you think it will kind of lower down because of the volatility in the West Asia? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sorry for the humor, but I think my friend Donald Trump has to answer this question because 
the prices are not being dictated by us at this moment. It is all related to geopolitical stuff and 
the dollar impact. Traditionally, the orders have been booked at the same or similar margins, all 
the companies, but the raw material prices have been highly volatile. 
 So, you know how the dollars are behaving, how the components are behaving. So, I cannot 
guide the same kind of numbers, but I can only guide that when we booked it, we booked it at 
similar or higher margins. We may have some small change in margins in the next one or two 
quarters, but that would be a short-term impact.  
Maitri Shah: And we are able to pass on these kind of raw material costs with a lag or does it happen? Is there 
an escalation? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan:  It will be done with a lag. It will be done with a lag. 
  
[page 18]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 17 of 24 
 
Moderator: To the next question from the line of Akshay from AK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: Hi, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. First of all, congratulations for the good set of 
numbers. Sir, we understand that the EBITDA due to one-time non-payment account is locked, 
but also the revenue in this quarter, on a QoQ basis, it is flat. So, generally the Q4 should be the 
highest quarter. So, can you put some light on that?  
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I have already indicated in my speech that for quality power at Mehru, this has been the highest 
profit quarter because it is our Q4 in India. For Endoks, this is Q1. They are January, December, 
and in December of last year, they had the highest quarter on margins. This is Q1, where you 
normally expect a muted sale and muted margins. However, in spite of that, we have delivered 
the margins of close to 20%. So, I do not think we are comparing apples to apples here. For the 
Q4 of theirs, they have been highest. For Q4 of ours, we have been highest. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. Understood. And so, my second question is currently we have around INR 1,400 
crores of outstanding order book. So, you already said that 15% to 20% revenue growth, we can 
expect consolidates level in the FY27, right? So, currently, what type of order pipeline are we 
seeing in customer inquiry and all these things are going on, and how much order are we 
expecting in FY27 and FY28 also? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, in Sangli and Delhi, we have almost closed our order intake for the next quarter. I think we 
are no longer aggressively taking orders, primarily because of what we are able to deliver or not 
deliver. It is only strategic order that we are pulling in. I think at this moment, we are building 
data centers, we are building GIS, HVDC, we are building all the colors that would spark in 
what we can analyze. But because we are in a high technology area, almost every new 
technology we are participating. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private Limited. 
Pinaki Banerjee: And congrats for the good set of numbers. So, a couple of questions. Could you throw some 
light on your fundraising plans? What are the sources through which you are planning to raise, 
considering the fact that you are having a cash balance of almost INR 250 crores in your books 
now? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sir, thank you for again highlighting the elephant in the room. So, this is not something that we 
intend to raise. This is an enabling provision for us, which means as and when the management 
requires it, we will draw. We are not saying we will draw 25 million. We may draw much lower. 
Yes, we have what we say INR 250 crores, but some of our acquisitions that the BDNA 
committee are looking at are much larger in value than the cash in hand. 
And the cash in hand is also required for our own organic expansions and our own organic cash 
flow. So, we cannot empty out the bank for it. And as a group, we hardly leverage debt. We 
normally focus on zero debt. Even the INR 125 crores promoter debt that we had pledged to the 
company, we have been able to finish almost 80% of our factory without any debt from the 
promoters with our current cash flow. 
[page 19]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 18 of 24 
 
We will continue to have a solid balance sheet. I know from a cash perspective, you would like 
to work on debt, but no, we do not like debt. So, we would always like to have the cash in hand.  
Pinaki Banerjee: So, my next question regarding your INR 1,400 crores order books, can you quantify how much 
comes from renewable sources? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Very difficult to quantify that way, sir, because an HVDC would classify as a transmission asset, 
but is actually integrating renewable. All the energy storage is renewable. Data center, even 
though the application of data center is being fed by renewable energy. So, today, if I look at 
the data of India alone, 50% of our generation is renewable, which means that what we say 50-
50 is what I could say. But we are not in renewable or conventional, we are in grid 
interconnection. So, we do not care what is being connected. 
Pinaki Banerjee: And last question, sir, regarding this hypothetical one, regarding your Turkish operations. 
Actually, we know that the Middle East crisis and the political situation between India and 
Turkey is not very good at this point of time. So, are you apprehending any negative impact due 
to this? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sir, we have been operating in the country for 16 years. We have been in the last 10 years getting 
the best R&D company of the year from the government and from the Prime Minister. We are 
not alone, Tata's have a plant, if I'm not wrong, Mahindra, JSPL, Birla, lot of Indian 
multinationals have plants there. Turkey is a manufacturing hub for Europe, low-cost labour, a 
lot of labour, a lot of engineering talent at a much cheaper cost than India in some of the high-
technology areas. 
When we take decisions, geopolitical is a concern, but it is more on P&L. If you look at Turkey, 
they have a land border to Europe, which means to Germany in four days on road they go in. 
The raw material prices are more or less similar to India, if not lower than India in some of the 
key raw materials. The labour is about four times India, but the labour is not a very big cost in 
our scope of the business. 
So, the key raw material being the same, the freight coming down and faster to the market is 
normally a good suggestion for being a competitive moat. And also towards the US, they are 
only 11 days on sea. So, it's a competitive mode. Geopolitically, we have been there for 16 years, 
we don't see problems.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Archit Agrawal from Steptrade Capital. 
Archit Agrawal: My one question is, can you give the revenue bifurcation for Mehru, Quality Power and Endoks? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: For the annual year, Quality Power equipments and projects put together is about INR 246 
crores. Mehru is INR 318 crores and Endoks is INR 468 crores. 
Archit Agrawal: And can you give the operating margin. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I do not have with me the operating margin, but yes, I can give you an EBIT margin. The EBIT 
margin of Quality Power is 33% of Quality Power projects is 21% of Mehru annualized is 15%. 
[page 20]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 19 of 24 
 
At Endoks, it is 23% taking into account that accounting anomaly. Without that, we are getting 
close to 29%-30%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Jainam Doshi from Kriis PMS. 
Jainam Doshi: So just wanted to understand, like as you are setting up a new facility in Turkey, so as you are 
alluding upon, there is a difference between the semiconductor cost as a whole for if we source 
it from in India and if we source it in Turkey. So could you explain like what is the difference 
there? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: The semiconductors in India are not cheap. Semiconductors in India are still evolving. There 
are very few players and high power is still not being built. I think we are taking our baby steps 
into that sector. The largest semiconductors are available either from European, Japanese or 
Chinese players. The difference in discounts, say for $100,000 and 10 million, can be as high 
as 50%. 
So in your pricing of your product, if you are able to buy like a $10 million or a $50 million 
kind of a volume, you would at sometimes get 40%-50% discount. And that is what is a real 
mote. So when you start scaling up your purchase of semiconductors, your margins start coming 
in. So it is all the same, guys. It is Japanese, European and Chinese. 
Jainam Doshi:  Fair enough. And just if you could like provide the details on the order bid pipeline separately 
for Meru, Endoks and Quality so that would help us just understand.  
Bharanidharan Pandyan:  Sir, we don't have those data available offhand. I'm sorry, I don't have it, but I think it will be a 
few thousand crores. It's just bids. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Aniket Jain from Yes Securities. 
Aniket Jain: So one question is the other income has increased this quarter versus last quarter. So I thought 
that since Turkey's currency is largely stable now, so is there any hedging related income that 
came in this quarter or would that be going forward or what kind of numbers should we assume 
while forecasting the other income? So that is question one. 
Sarika Jadhav: Sir, the other income includes interest from deposits and also the foreign exchange gain of INR 
16 crores. 
Aniket Jain: And second question is maybe a bookkeeping question only. You also have some associated 
income. So is that mainly related to the electric acquisition or has Nebeskie started giving us 
some revenues and what could be the run rate for future quarters? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sukrut we were able to only consolidate it about three months post-start takeover on Jan 5th. So 
it's a very small number at this moment. It will start scaling up in a couple of years. The guys in 
Nebeskie are still in technology sphere. The numbers are very small. It's less than a crore, but 
that is something that we are building upon. And with regards to your question on other income, 
we still have a lot of cash. So the cash generated income would keep turning up or that is on 
interest on deposits. 
[page 21]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 20 of 24 
 
Aniket Jain: Understood, sir. And if I can squeeze in one more, I think we discussed on the margin that the 
pricing can take up a few months or maybe a quarter to stabilize. So since you do not have any 
kind of price variation clauses, so how you are managing the commodity cost inflation came up 
in the last couple of months. So is there a possibility that our Q1 margins can see some kind of 
depth.  
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I believe the entire industry has not factored in, but I believe Q1, Q2 can be hit. But as I said, 
we are sitting at 33% margins in some of the high voltage product lines. So if there is a dip, it is 
not going to be very huge. The volume growth is still there. We have a lot of international orders 
in new emerging sectors, which are coming at also better margins. 
So we do not see a gloomy picture, a big gloomy picture. Yes, a couple of percentage here, there 
can be expected. We still do not know because the war is still not over and every day is a new 
story. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Piyush from Sethi Family Office. 
Piyush: Sir mostly my questions have been answered. I was just wondering in terms of, if my 
understanding is correct, FY27 is more of a 20% growth year for us, then '28 it is when we see 
more than like 50% type growth because we are following that S-curve journey. And there could 
be some near-term margin impact because of the shortages that we are seeing. Is that correct? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Correct. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Krupa Desai from Electrum Capital. 
Krupa Desai: Sir my question was how are the margins on this power electronic converter side? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I just told you we are starting off at this moment at the bid level between 10% and 12%. We 
anticipate it can go to 17% on volume. But also we have to understand the base at which we are 
talking 10% on say something like US$14-$15 million of converter. What we say it is sizable 
numbers as margins even at this moment because the volume is larger. 
Krupa Desai: And sir this margins would be like including the software part also, right? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Correct. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investments. 
Naman Parmar: Firstly, I wanted to know the cash flow of the Mehru and Endoks if it's possible for the current 
quarter and FY26? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Naman will park the question for a few minutes. Till we finish the question, my colleagues will 
try to get the data. Till then. 
Naman Parmar: Secondly, how is the performance on the Sukrut overall after the acquisition and currently how 
it's going for the how much on that currently the Sukrut is going on? 
[page 22]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 21 of 24 
 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sukrut, we have turned around. They have stopped losing money. Their losses compared to last 
year is half because we stopped losing money. We are anticipating at least about 70%-75% 
growth this year without losing money because we are building the team and technology out 
there. We will start scaling it up over the next two years. At this moment, it's a new transition, 
new management. We are allowing them to take the time to before they start scaling up 
aggressively. My colleague would like to answer the cash flow question. 
Sarika Jadhav: Regarding Mehru cash flow, after operating profit, we have the INR 45 crores and after changes 
in operating activities, our net cash flow is INR 32 crores and cash flow from investing activity 
is we have expended INR 20 crores for the investment in PPE and the cash flow from financing 
activity is INR 13 crores. So, net cash and cash equivalents are INR 18 crores at Mehru level. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from Systematics. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Singh: Thank you for the opportunity. First question is on the order inflow that we received in the last 
quarter of INR 600 crores. Could you give a breakup of the order inflow in terms of segments 
and geographies like HVDC, BESS, etcetera? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, the order inflow, I stand corrected, is about INR 870 crores last quarter and not INR 600 
because we also executed INR 300 crores of orders last quarter. So, we had a fantastic quarter 
from the perspective of order intake. Most of the order intake came from Quality Power and 
Endoks. 
Endoks gave it a larger order on energy storage and automation, whereas quality power 
delivered on HVDC and data center businesses. Mehru has been traditionally with the high 
voltage interconnecting substations at 400 and 220. This next few quarters is when their GIS 
product line would kick in. And the GIS, I would say monetization would start happening in 
about a year's time. 
Abhijeet Singh: Right. And, sir, so this accounting entity that we built for Endoks of 2.57 million, sir, it 
obviously hits our other expense line items. Does it also hit any of the line items, let's say 
revenue or other income? Do we have an entry on revenue and other income as well from this 
quarter or only other expenses impacted because of that entry? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think to the best of my knowledge, it is only a provision adjustment under other income and 
nothing more. 
Abhijeet Singh: And what about the last quarter? Did we have a similar Ind AS 21 related entry in the last quarter 
as well, which led to the bump up of the margin? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Correct. 
Abhijeet Singh: Okay. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: But if you look at it Abhijeet at a console level, these are just indexation numbers. At a console 
level, the EBITDA at Endoks stands at about 32% on stable currency terms. And all the money 
is hedged there. So we do not have any change in margins or profit profiles. 
[page 23]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 22 of 24 
 
Abhijeet Singh: Right, sir., thanks a lot. And good to see such great progress on an annual basis. It was truly 
surprising for me when we applied. So, congratulations to the entire team for such good work. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Abhijeet Singh: Thank you. Management, do you want to share the cash flow for Endoks? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Just one minute, if you could take any other question. In dollar terms, I'm just telling you. 
Moderator: Okay, sir. Next question is from the line of Nakul Gupta from Shikherjee Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Nakul Gupta: Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon, my name is. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I 
have just one question. Do we have any plans to increase our stake in Endoks or Mehru going 
forward down the lane? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I don't think with Endoks we have a certain plan at this moment. As and when things go ahead 
in the future, we may look into it. Our focus normally is to get hold of critical technologies 
where we can develop. I think our strategy has already been clear that if we have to transfer 
technology from one location to another location, it would be at a one or two percent royalty 
internally. 
So as long as we have access to technology, we do not intend to increase it. We would rather 
put money into newer technology areas which would incur much better growth for us than just 
increase the EPS at this moment. And for the Endoks, the cash flow for the Q4 is about INR 136 
crores.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nilesh Jain from Astute Investment Management 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Jain: Hi, sir. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, given the recent 
visit to the plant and the number of challenges you all had in terms of logistic container shortage, 
so surprisingly you've seen a good number for Q4. I just wanted to understand how is the 
situation right now in terms of logistics and also otherwise supply chain? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, I think if the logistics had cleared up, we would have revenue more. So, at this moment, we 
have revenue less. That is why our inventories have increased. So all in good cause. So, I think 
we can have a good Q1 because of that. Sure. 
Nilesh Jain: On Sangli plant, we had initial target of June to commission and now we've expanded to August 
slightly. How do you see in terms of audit approvals and all for the timeline for that? And should 
we expect then from next year only the entire capacity to be available or at the end of Q4 we 
should expect the new plant should be available? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: If I ask my project managers, they are still sticking to the December-January for starting. But I 
think we have far more customer pressure to be able to deliver faster. So, I think we are under 
pressure from the customer and project end. We would start trial production and start delivering 
at least something by the end of the year. 
[page 24]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 23 of 24 
 
Nilesh Jain: Sure. And lastly, on the inorganic side, given you mentioned you're seeing larger devices, the 
only thing you can identify is probably geography and any new products if you're looking to 
identify? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Power electronic battery storage is something. High voltage power products is second. Third is 
we are gung-ho about insulators because I believe that is becoming a critical bottleneck for us 
across the world. 
Nilesh Jain: Any plans of doing a setting of a capacity for insulator or inorganic? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: All in good time. 
Nilesh Jain: Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, we will take one last question from 
the line of Ashok Shah from Eklavya Invesco family office. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: Thanks for taking my question. Sir, can you just give some idea that how much competitive or 
cheaper compared to Hitachi and GE in international market? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sir, we believe in the business of reach. We normally do not compete Hitachi, Siemens or GE 
in our business plans. They are our customers or partners in different market. So, I do not have 
a story how much we are cheaper. I think we can say how good relationship we have with them. 
That is point one. 
Point two is the reason why we do that is our skills are much lower than them. And the products 
like say if I want to get into say high voltage transformer manufacturing for HVDC, the problem 
would happen is they themselves have the transformer factory. Why would they buy from 
outside? 
So, what we intend to do is create, develop or buy products which they do not manufacture so 
that we can package it together to them. So, we are complementary to them and not competing 
them on strategy and product lines. 
Ashok Shah:  None of the products we have competition with them? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So mostly if I look at say coil products, Hitachi and Siemens do not make this product. GE has 
a very small factory in Brazil. But mostly for the Indian subcontinent, Asia and Europe, they 
buy from us. With regards to high voltage instrument transformers, I think Hitachi, Siemens and 
GE buy more from us in India than their own facilities because of the volume and scale what 
we are operating. 
On the battery energy storage, I think they are far, far more expensive and they are not in this 
kind of markets where we operate. Sometimes it is also the markets we operate and their 
factories being different. So, in some markets, they have a product line. We may not compete 
in other markets. We may be partners. 
  
[page 25]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  May 14, 2026 
   
Page 24 of 24 
 
Ashok Shah: Are we getting a 30% business from this GE, Siemens, all this Hitachi and everything? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: No, sir. It is not 30%. The data we have as per DRHP around one year back is about top 10 
customers make 35% of the business. 
Moderator: I think we have lost the connection for Mr. Shah. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the 
last question for the day. On behalf of Asit C. Mehta Investment Interrmediates, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
