[page 1]
 
   
 
 
14th August 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ISIN: INE0SII01026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Submission of the Transcript of Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on 10th August 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors 
on Monday, August 10, 2026 at 03.30 P.M. (IST) on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The aforementioned transcript of the ‘Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call’ is also uploaded on the 
Company’s website i.e. www.qualitypower.com.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  Thanking you,  Yours faithfully,  For Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited 
 
 
 
 Deepak Ramchandra Suryavanshi  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  ICSI Membership No.: A27641 Place: Sangli       
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
  NSE Symbol: QPOWER 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers,  Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
  BSE Scrip Code: 544367  
[page 2]
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARANIDHARAN PANDYAN – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – QUALITY POWER ELECTRICAL 
EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
MR. SANJOG MHATRE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
QUALITY POWER ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH JAYARAMAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – QUALITY POWER ELECTRICAL 
EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
MRS. SARIKA JADHAV – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – QUALITY POWER ELECTRICAL 
EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
  
MODERATOR: MR. SIDDARTH BHAMRE – ASIT C. MEHTA 
INVESTMENT INTERMEDIATES 

[page 3]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Asit C Mehta Investments Intermediates. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there wil l be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddarth Bhamre from Asit C Mehta Investments 
Intermediates. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Siddarth Bhamre: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. It gives us great pleasure to host this Q1 FY27 earnings 
call for Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited. As we all know, quarter one saw huge 
swing in commodity prices due to geopolitical uncertainties and one would have anticipated its 
negative impact on the supply chain. 
However, QP has delivered excellent set of numbers, especially on the margin front. We, at Asit 
C Mehta, a Pantomath Group of company, would like to congratulate the management of 
Quality Power for this achievement. 
Today, on this call, we have Mr. Bharanidharan Pandyan, Joint Managing Director, Mr. Sanjog 
Mhatre, CEO, Mr. Rajesh Jayaraman, CFO and Mrs. Sarika Jadhav, Senior Vice President, 
Finance. Over to you, Bharani. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you, Siddarth. Thank you, everyone, and good afternoon. Welcome to the meeting. This 
quarter has been operationally intense, with customer qualification, capacity expansion, and 
acquisition execution progressing in parallel. We completed several deta iled audits by global 
OEMs and utilities, while customer visits to our facilities increased materially. Both reflect the 
larger programs we are qualifying for/and require direct senior management involvement. 
At Sangli, machinery installation at the new facility is progressing. As expected in a new project 
of this scale, there are a few minor last -mile issues around sequencing, utilities and statutory 
interfaces. These are being addressed effectively and we do not see a nything structural. Trial 
production is targeted during the current month, subject to remaining approvals. 
Machinery installation for High Voltage CTC Magnet Wire facility is also commencing. At 
Endoks in Turkey, civil construction of the power conversion system facility is complete, with 
operations expected to begin during Q3 this year . In parallel, confirmatory due -diligence on 
Winwin Speciality Insulators Limited has been completed without adverse findings and we are 
progressing towards definitive agreements. 
One area I would specifically highlight is management bandwidth. As we acquire and integrate 
businesses, we are increasingly looking at management as a common group resource rather than 
individual company teams. 
Experienced leaders across from Mehru, Endoks, and other businesses are taking responsibilities 
across the group, while Quality Power , Managers are similarly being deployed wherever their 
[page 4]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 3 of 23 
 
capabilities can add the most value. This creates a common pool of management talent across 
the group and allows us to scale without having to recreate management ability independently 
in every business. 
Winwin will add further experienced operating pool to this talent.  We have also strengthened 
our technology leadership with the appointment of Mr. Shailendra Kumar as Group Chief 
Technology Officer, bringing in over three decades of experience from HVDC, FACTS, Power 
Quality and Grid Technologies from Hitachi, erstwhile ABB. 
We closed this quarter with an order book of INR1,945 crores, approximately 1.9 x last year's 
revenue. Demand remains strong across our businesses, with particularly encouraging traction 
in energy storage at Endoks. 
The intensity we are seeing today is the result of several years of work coming together at the 
same time: new customer qualifications, new manufacturing capacities, and new technology and 
acquisitions. Our responsibility as management now is very simple: execute each of these 
properly, preserve our operating discipline, and convert this opportunity into sustainable growth. 
Thank you. 
Now I hand over to Mr. Sanjog Mhatre, our CEO. 
Sanjog Mhatre: Thank you, Mr. Pandyan, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. I would like to focus my 
remarks on execution, operating priorities and the capabilities we are building for the next phase 
of growth. The most significant activity during the quarter has been the installation of 
machineries at our new Sangli manufacturing facility. 
Given the scale and complexity of the facility, this is a highly coordinated exercise involving 
equipment placement, foundations, alignment, utilities, interconnections and readiness of 
supporting infrastructure. As is normal in a project of this size, we are encountering a few minor 
last-mile execution issues during installation. 
These are largely related to sequencing, interfaces between equipment and infrastructure, and 
closure of certain site-level dependencies. None of these are structural in nature and the teams 
are addressing them effectively through detailed daily coordination and prioritization. 
In parallel, we are preparing the organization for the next stage. This includes process 
documentation, operator training, quality systems, calibration, traceability and customer audit 
readiness. 
In high voltage equipment, the ability to move efficiently from machinery installation to 
qualified production depends as much on organizational readiness as it does on physical assets. 
Our objective is therefore to ensure that once installation is completed, the transition into trials, 
customer qualification and commercial production is as efficient as possible. 
At Mehru, our focus continues to be on improving throughput from the existing asset base. We 
are working on line balancing, reduction of changeover times, better material flow and removal 
[page 5]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 4 of 23 
 
of operational bottlenecks. The emphasis is on improving productivity and asset utilization 
before adding further capital. 
At the group level, we are progressively moving towards a more integrated operating model . 
Engineering practices, manufacturing methods and testing protocols are being standardized 
across facilities and capabilities developed in one business are increasingly being shared across 
the group. 
Procurement is another important area of integration.  We have appointed a Chief Procurement 
Officer with a mandate to consolidate group purchasing, aggregate volumes, rationalize supplies 
and standardize common specifications. As our scale increases, we expect this to improve both 
cost efficiency and supply chain resilience. 
On technology, HVDC remains a major strategic focus. We continue to strengthen engineering 
depth, simulation capability and specialist talent, while progressing through technical 
qualifications and customer audits with global OEMs and utilities. These qualifications expand 
our addressable market and improve our ability to participate in increasingly complex programs. 
At Endoks, the energy storage business is seeing strong market traction, with inquiry levels 
ahead of our original expectations. This reflects the broader acceleration in utility-scale storage 
procurement across several markets. More broadly, the demand environment remains supportive 
across our portfolio, driven by transmission expansion, renewable integration, HVDC and 
FACTS deployment, grid modernization, energy storage and data center power infrastructure. 
Our priorities for the coming quarters are therefore clear: complete machinery installation at 
Sangli, address the remaining last -mile dependencies, prepare the facility for customer 
qualification, improve throughput across existing plants, realize group -level procurement and 
operating synergies and continue strengthening our engineering capability.  We are investing 
ahead of demand because we see a significant opportunity moving forward. 
Our focus now is disciplined execution and converting that investment into sustainable growth, 
stronger operating efficiency and improved returns on capital. 
Management: Thank you, Sanjog. And good afternoon to everyone on the call. Revenue for the quarter was 
INR256.4 crores. Gross profit was INR121 crores, with gross margin improving to 47.2% from 
44.6%. Reported EBITDA was INR64.7 crores at a margin of 25.2%. Profit before tax was 
INR59.4 crore s, and profit after tax was INR46.7 crore s. EPS increased to INR4.66 from 
INR3.12. I would first address the Ind AS 29 impacts on our Turkish operations. Other expenses 
include INR7.82 crores net monetary loss arising from hyperinflation accounting.  
This is entirely non-cash. Excluding this adjustment, EBITDA would have been INR72.5 crores 
at 28.3%. PBT would be INR67.2 crores, and PAT INR54.5 crores. The reported numbers are 
statutory, but the adjusted numbers provide a better view of the underlying operating 
performance. 
[page 6]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 5 of 23 
 
On margins, there are a few important points. First, our increasing group scale is beginning to 
translate into procurement efficiencies. Approximately INR3 crore s of volume discounts 
benefited the quarter as we increasingly procured materials at a group level. 
Second, raw material movements affect our businesses differently. Mehru has a shorter 
manufacturing cycle, so changes in input prices are reflected relatively quickly. Quality Power's 
coil products have a longer manufacturing cycle. Materials being consumed today largely relate 
to orders booked several months earlier. Consequently, current raw material movements will 
flow through the standalone financials primarily during Q2 and Q3. 
Importantly, every executable order currently in our order book has been booked above the 
margin guidance communicated to the market. We have not compromised pricing discipline to 
build volume. We also want investors to factor in the commissioning of our new Sangli capacity.  
Fixed costs such as depreciation, manpower, power, and factory overheads will come into the 
P&L before utilization fully ramps up. We therefore expect some temporary moderation in 
standalone margins, particularly in Q3. 
As utilization increases over the next 15 months, we expect these costs to be progressively 
absorbed and margins to normalize. Our consolidated order book at the end of June was 
INR1,945 crores, approximately 1.9 x last year's revenue. Endoks contributed INR801 crores, 
Mehru, INR585 crore s and Quality Power standalone INR553 crore s. This provides strong 
visibility as we bring additional manufacturing capacity online. 
Finance costs remain low at INR1.4 crores. Depreciation increased to INR3.9 crores and will 
rise as Sangli's CTC Magnet Wire facility and Endoks' Power Conversion Systems facility are 
capitalized. Cash balances have reduced because we are facing... funding this expansion largely 
through internal resources rather than debt. The board had  declared an interim dividend of 
INR0.25 per share. 
Finally, confirmatory due diligence on Win win Speciality Insulators has been completed with 
nothing adverse identified. At an enterprise value of approximately INR315 crore s, the 
transaction remains comfortably within the group's balance sheet capacity.  
Overall, the strategy remains straightforward: maintaining pricing discipline, invest ahead of 
demand, use group scale to improve operating efficiency, and continue building Quality Power 
as a global high voltage and power quality technology platform. With  that, I will hand the call 
back for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: Gentlemen, hi, good morning and congrats on a strong quarter. A couple of questions, could 
you break up the quantum of your Y-o-Y growth between Endoks , Mehru, and Quality? And 
I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch the CFO's comments on the margin pressure expected in Q3 '27, 
if I could, you know, request you to rehash that again, please. Thank you. 
[page 7]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 6 of 23 
 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Sir, I may not have the year -on-year of individual company, but I can give you some idea, 
roughly, the estimates I know. Year-on-year, I think Quality Power went from INR37 crores to 
INR69 crores. Mehru went on from about INR60 odd crores to about INR83 crores. And I don't 
remember exactly Endoks, but Endoks contributed about INR107 crores in this revenue. 
All the Indian entities increased their revenue. The Turkish companies had a slight dip in 
revenue, primarily it's the middle of the year, and they had Eid holidays for two weeks in 
between? That was your first question, sir. The second question, can you just repeat it, if you 
don't mind? 
Baidik Sarkar: Yes, Yes, I was just trying to, you know, appreciate the CFO's comments on the margin pressure 
that he said would hit us in Q3 of '27. If you could just rehash that again, please, you know, the 
exact line items that will suffer, and, you know, how exactly we shoul d imagine your margin 
trajectory in H2 as the case may be. 
Bannidharan Pandyan: So, the margin profile for the reactor or the coil products business, as what Mr. Rajesh indicated, 
for Mehru, whenever there's a copper or oil increase, the impact is immediate because the cycle 
time is about eight weeks. So, it comes and flows through the quarter. For somebody like Quality 
Power, when there's an increase in aluminium this quarter, it normally hits us about six months 
later, because we buy aluminium today, and by the time it is going into winding, it is almost  
four or five months later. 
So, the cautionary note was towards Q3 where any impacts of anything in this quarter, because 
aluminium did have a spike this quarter, would come in Q3. The stable guidance for the coil 
products business is about 20%. As he indicated, most of the orders that are booked are in excess 
of 25%. But this is more of a cautionary word rather than a real-world scenario at this moment. 
Baidik Sarkar: Okay, that's absolutely helpful, Mr. Pand yan. And, you know, one, one last question for you 
from my end. You know, for Quality, what I understand is that our typical execution timeline in 
order book is between four to six months, right? So, you know, given that we have our plants, 
due for commissioning towards the later half of this fiscal, by when do you think our order book 
will reflect our enlarged capacities again? 
I understand we have been paid for a while given the capacity constraints, but, you know, by 
when do you think you will be in a position to move that again? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, we are targeting two HVDCs. One is old part, which has already been awarded. I believe it's 
Q3, Q4. Barmer is close to, I think, tender complete. It should be awarded anytime soon. These 
are two large programs that will come for execution this quarter. These are two HVDCs that we 
are planning.  
There are about half a dozen STATCOM projects across US, Europe, Australia that we are in 
talks with. We have got a couple of STATCOMs already in the US. Apart from it, the data center 
opportunities are typically the, where we are seeing the USD100 million bids going on. That we 
are still struggling because the delivery periods are about 12 months' time. 
[page 8]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 7 of 23 
 
Once, I believe in about three months' time, into the next quarter, when we are slightly 
comfortable once we have taken over the new facility and we have stabilized it. Believe me, this 
facility, if you come over, it's quite large. It takes you, it takes y ou about 600 meters from one 
corner to another corner walking around. 
So, once we are able to stable, we will take in more orders. Getting orders is not a worry at this 
moment for us. So, if like in Endoks , if we could just open up the lid and we got in, we could 
get in more if we are able to deliver more, the factories build operate. Each of the factories is 
sitting on more than two years of order book almost at this moment, close to two years of order 
book and at the last capacities. 
Baidik Sarkar: Yes, thanks for that. I'll fall back in queue. Thank you. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Maheshwar i from Ambit Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Maheshwary: Good afternoon, Mr. Pand yan. Excellent set of results. My two questions, first, when can we 
expect the Sangli coil facility and the HVDC magnet wire facility to commission? And what 
can be the peak asset turns which can we expect from these two facilities? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, the machinery installation is already on. I believe we are also having a Vastu Shanti pooja I 
think this week in the factory. We have to still get the building completion certificate from the 
authorities and I think the process is on. As soon as they give us, I think we will be able to start 
begin trial production in the facility. Obviously, the initial audits of ISO 9000, 14000, OHSAS 
has to be completed. It will take us about a month. 
And after that is when we start the customer audits in.  We may have about, as I referenced, 
about 60 audits on the facility before this can take over the full volume of the existing factory. 
We have to schedule this one by one, these are global audits, and it will take us, I think, as we 
guided, about six months from the day we open up the facility for audits. 
These are highly regulated products and every, every customer has to come and review the 
facility. However, given seeing that, I think some of the large HVDC orders, we have timelines 
for delivery, so I believe we will start opening up, as Mr. Sarkar had said, maybe at Q3 this year 
to get in more orders once we are comfortable. 
The asset turnover of this factory, I think we have still not fully capitalized the, put the full 
capital in, but I would say INR1,500 crores to INR1,800 crores I think this facility is good 
enough to deliver. 
Rahul Maheshwary: And for HVDC magnet wire facility? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: The machines are already on. This is a new product for us. So, we anticipate that it will take us 
another three months of trial run. We are anticipating by Q4 of this year is when we will be able 
to take up full production out of the facility. Bear in mind the machineries have come in, it will 
[page 9]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 8 of 23 
 
be also installed. We have got the power, we have got everything in, getting the licenses, all the 
ISOs and audits will be also on the facility. But being a new product in the facility for us as a 
company and as a team, I think we have to give it that three to five months to a stabilization. 
Rahul Maheshwary: Sure. My second question is how should we look at the order book in terms of execution means? 
It's a good order book size and plus the capacity ramp -up will happen. So when can we expect 
majority of order book execution to take place? If you can give some staged kind of line -up in 
terms of... 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: This order book what we have, Rahul, this order book is slated to completion in the next 15 
months, give and take. So that gives you an idea how much we can eat. That gives you a rough 
idea. 
Rahul Maheshwary: Sure. And we can expect order book to bill ratio to be maintained near to these levels going 
forward for next one to two years? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think I wouldn't commit on that, but we would try our best. We the order demand is good 
enough. Some of the businesses like PCS can  -- scaling up is much easier in the best business 
today, but these are as I said, we have a 4 gigawatt facility in Turkey, 1 gigawatt almost we've 
got an order. We will, we will see ramping up as we start delivering products out of the facility. 
First we need to deliver the products out of the factory before we start committing more. 
Rahul Maheshwary: Sure. Best wishes to you and your entire team. Thank you. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nemish Sundar: Yes, hi sir. A very good afternoon and very congratulations on a excellent set of numbers. So, 
just continuing on the BESS part, could you just explain it in a little more detail as to like your 
capacity -- current capacity that you have for BESS, broadly in volume or revenue terms as of 
now and the new facility that you are building at Endoks for BESS, so what could be the 
scalability for BESS that you are expecting from this facility, in terms of revenue or volume? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: My current guess is that we have about USD60 million give and take of BESS, that is PCS 
orders, in our pipeline. And we are anticipating another USD40 million more in the next 12 
months at least, which is, which is in line with the guidance that we have given earlier that we 
see about at least USD80 million of business coming in. 
So at this moment our focus is to operationalize the facility and deliver more. Once we are able 
to deliver more, getting numbers out of BESS is not a very big problem.  The demand for PCS 
in the world is very high. Most of the governments are still focusing on making basic battery 
cells and cell technologies. 
The power electronics, software, and the hardware part is normally missed out and there are 
very few players in this business. The bottlenecks continue to be the IGBTs across the world. 
[page 10]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 9 of 23 
 
As we are able to secure supplies, we should be able to also deliver faster. And we are also likely 
to, by the end of next year, get BESS to India as again, throughout we guided two years, two 
years. I think by end of next year, once we stabilize most of our business in India, we would like 
to start BESS in India. The PCS for the Indian and the Asian markets. 
Nemish Sundar: Okay. And sir, the execution cycle of BESS would be similar to the core business, like around 
12 to 15 months? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: No, these are very fast. I think they would be in six to nine months, most of the orders. 
Nemish Sundar: Oh, okay, okay. So, even the working capital cycle also around the same period of time? Like 
cash would be realized. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Correct. It's a, it's a fast-moving product. 
Nemish Sundar: Okay, sir. And just my second question on Win win Insulators. So, you highlighted that the 
acquisition cost and the asset break-up that you have given in the PPT, sir, on the revenue front, 
could you just give an idea of like what the currently how much is the entity doing and like if 
margins and what the plan for it, like, would it be fully used for internal purposes or like do you 
foresee it having other applications as well? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, Nemish, we are quite conservative in which, the way we sell internally. Each division 
internally buys from the cheapest source and not from the home source. And each division has 
to sell at the highest margin even to the internal factories. So, I would not say t his business is 
something like a backward integration. 
Yes, I -- if I buy at the market prices, yes, we get allocations. The internal demand for the product 
is about INR40 crores to INR45 crores per year, which is what will these guys get if the margins 
are similar, give and take. Right now, for the insulators, we are at least targeting about INR200 
crores of orders in the next nine months. That is what is the team, what we say target that is 
given. 
We are right now focusing on qualifications and type tests. We have finished type tests in the 
last one month up to 220 kV. 400 kV and 765 kV, I think is slated in the next few months.  We 
have all already got into 800 kV, 765 kV DC insulator orders to them for HVDC projects in 
India. The customer audit as we speak is on at this moment at the facility. 
Our intention is that the facility first gets staffed by the right people, right team, and then we 
start pushing out the revenues. I think the factory should be good enough at least for about 
INR300 crores to INR400 crores per year initially. But we are also starting capex very soon in 
the facility. They have two products. One is the composite insulators, which is very well 
covered. 
The second product, sorry, the porcelain insulators. The second product they have is a composite 
insulator, what they use for normally bushings. They have a type test out of KEMA Netherlands 
of 400 kV composite insulators. We are also likely to scale up th at business significantly. So 
[page 11]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 10 of 23 
 
right now the strategy is on because we have still not acquired, there is not much of a fund in 
the factory. Right now, the focus is on strategy, qualification and type test initially. 
Nemish Sundar: And margins would be similar to Mehru as it was initially and then you look to scale it up in the 
upcoming quarters? Would that be something that would be the view? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, I think the margin profile would stabilize in about four quarters from the date of acquisition. 
You have to give us about four quarters. What we see at this moment is anywhere between 15% 
and 25% margin. The gap is very large because we still not have things under control. Once we 
have in control, we will narrow down the margin percentage. 
Nemish Sundar: Okay, sir. And any tentative date that you look for finalizing this acquisition? Like consolidation 
and everything? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think consolidation will happen out of Q4, not before that, primarily because this being an SEZ 
property, it will require a lot of secretaries to sign off in Delhi. So, it's a bureaucratic process in 
India, so we will have to bear with it. 
Nemish Sundar: Okay, fine. Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you, Nemish. Bye. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Firstly, congratulations 
and a really great set of results in a challenging environment. So just wanted to know, what is 
the revenue guidance that we can do in FY27? Because based on the order book, I think we can 
have significant growth this year also, right? So could you just quantify that? Can we reach 
around INR1,400 crores by this, this year end? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Darshil, I think we have guided to 20% at this moment. We'll stick our guns to it. Maybe at Q3, 
we can look at revising, what we say, the numbers. It's very early in the quarter, a year, part of 
the year. I don't want to commit things I cannot honour. I would rather err in caution than be 
aggressive on this. 
We have the order book, we will build our order book more, as we speak, but, as I said, a lot of 
these factories are just yet to get commissioned fully.  So, we need to also -- bear with us that 
we are a factory where quality, people, systems, everything has to be established. And these are 
not very easy to come out suddenly overnight. So please bear with us. We will try to do our best. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, fair enough. And sir, overall margin guidance, what would that be? Sir, because even, I 
think our Q1 is also been strong, like in an environment that's tough, right? So could you just 
help us with that, sir? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Please model us at 20% or high teens EBITDA. We will always try to deliver better. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. That's very clear. And sir, we are sticking to the 50% growth in FY28, right? 
[page 12]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 11 of 23 
 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think you can start looking at our order book and the delivery timeline, I think you can start 
mixing the data on it. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, fair enough, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you, Darshil. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Naman Parmar: Yes, good afternoon, sir, and congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, firstly I wanted to 
understand on the new products that the GIS and the grading capacitor used in the circuit, what's 
the update on that? If you can help us on that? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, the plant is being installed as we speak. I think this quarter, the new plant for the GIS 
manufacturing should be ready with all the clean rooms that is required. Substantial investments 
are going into that. The grading capacitor trials are on. We are yet to get the slots for the type 
test dates from the laboratories. We are waiting for that. The product per se is ready. Maybe in 
the next quarter, we will try to put some photographs of it. 
 So, yes, I think it is on track. We should start getting some results soon about it. I think the first 
product that will be testing is a 220 kV GIS components, switching on to 400, 765 kV in the 
next, say, one year's time. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, got it. Secondly, on the bookkeeping side, like how much would be the forex currency 
gain in the other income if you can elaborate? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think we had a loss of INR8 crores -- INR7.5 crores, not gain. 
Naman Parmar: No, that's the hyperinflation accounting entry, right, non-monetary. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Correct. 
Naman Parmar: But I am asking about forex gain or loss? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan:  Nothing, zero. 
Naman Parmar: And lastly, on the margin side, if you can help me understand what was margins for the Endoks 
and Mehru in the current quarter, EBITDA? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Mehru this quarter delivered about 18%. Our target was to get about 22%, 23% internally, 
however, with the kind of copper and oil prices that came in just in April, they had a direct 
impact. I believe we should be increasing the guidance of Mehru above 15%  what we were 
earlier. I think our revised guidance for Mehru would be around 18%. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. And for Endoks? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Around 18% going forward. Mehru. 
[page 13]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 12 of 23 
 
Naman Parmar: No, that's for Mehru. Endoks? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Endoks you will have to give us some time. The current product lines where they are already 
present, like STATCOM, SVCs, automations, I think they are normally around 25%. With the 
BESS coming in, we will have to just have a look at it. The products are yet to b e shipped out 
of the factory. I can better answer that in Q3, how the blended margins look like. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, got it. And lastly, like you mentioned, you are raising the capital. So  if you can help us 
understand the raising of the fund will be for what, and current debt structure is what? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I don't think we have much of a debt. One second, the total debt as of last quarter is I think about 
INR23 crores, overall at a group level, that is also working capital at some subsidiary thing. 
Most of the companies are sitting on cash. However, these are at subsidiary cash. We are raising 
capital to close the WS acquisition. 
 We are also proposing a INR50 crores capex at that location for enhancing capacity. We have 
about 40 acres of land free to do what we want in SVZ, beautiful campus. I had put across a 
video graph, a video on it. So there we are putting INR50 crores and we are started working on 
a lot of projects in America. 
 We want to set up a US sales team and a sales office, so we would be deploying. We are also 
working on some next generation technologies in those markets. So  we are also raising money 
for the US entry, because US needs to be funded quite well, otherwise with just 1 or 2 people, 
you will not be able to get the results what you want to. So that's the primary requirement, of 
course. 
Naman Parmar: Yes, so total raise would be how much? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: We have not put numbers to it, but less than INR500 crores. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much answering all questions. Best of luck for the future. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Jain: Good evening, sir. Congratulations for delivering very solid set of numbers. So  I have 2 
questions. Number 1 is, I believe that you have started marketing your Mehru's products 
globally. So how is the reception of the products? Are you seeing more traction from Europe or 
US? And if the traction is good, would we need any further capacity expansion in India itself to 
cater to those markets? That's number 1. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, for Mehru, we have got a lot of orders, but they are already full with a lot of orders. They 
have, I think, at this moment supplying 1 in 2 high voltage instrument transformer that is 
required in this country. They have been a very vital part of the en tire Indian grid system. So 
the customers are writing more of framework orders now rather than small order packages. So 
we do not have much of a capacity coming in from Mehru, the current facilities, I think they 
will reach 100% very soon. 
[page 14]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 13 of 23 
 
 We are overlooking at a facility in Turkey. I was there in Turkey a couple of weeks back, looked 
at the site, the space we have, we had put in some photographs also of the facility. To be able to 
either build a facility in Turkey for the European markets a nd deliver US from India and keep 
the rest of the world from Europe, that is one option. 
 Another option is to also look at the piece of land what we have in Vizag, to make it especially 
all the exports through one separate business. Advantage of WS is that we have 40 acres of land 
in that campus apart from the insulator factory. For doing what ever we want to do and build a 
large campus out of this facility. So these are decisions that we are looking at. We have about 
6, 7 months' time before we bite the bullet. 
Ankit Jain: Understood, sir. And sir, second would be,  in order to cater to more European markets, would 
we need to set up any manufacturing facility there in the US or can we fully cater to the market 
from India or Turkey? So is there any localization requirement that we might need to consider? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: See, most of the markets, most of the markets are inward -looking, by the way they write the 
policies and tender documents. So , Europeans normally prefer a European origin company 
rather than any other origin in the world. Americans are that way kind of open to whoever the 
vendor in the world, as long as the quality and the systems are in process.  
 So, I believe US can be catered out of India, but for the European market, which is at a different 
level of a boom right now because of the renewable energies, we would definitely need a facility 
somewhere in the European peninsula. That is one of the reasons why we are also interviewing 
candidates, because this is putting all together a totally large green facility. So , we are taking 
our time, taking the decision rather than rushing into it. 
Ankit Jain: Understood, sir. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: But Europe we are already supplying inside the Denmark grid from Mehru this quarter, and we 
will get more from the Swedish grid very soon. 
Ankit Jain: Got it. And if I can squeeze in a very quick one. Sir, you also mentioned that you are hiring 
procurement across the group. So how does that help us? Will that lead to better negotiations? 
Can we see some margin accretion when you consolidate all the procu rements? So how to see 
this? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: As the scale increases, we are seeing the reason why we need to start negotiating together. To 
give you an idea about castings, say aluminum castings, we buy about INR15 or INR20 crores 
in Mehru, we buy maybe at about INR250 crore s of revenue in WS, we would end up buying 
almost INR50 crores of castings. Same way in Sukrut, they buy about INR10 crores of casting. 
Quality Power buys casting. 
 So, if all of them are talking to four different vendors, why not have a framework agreement 
with one vendor to get the scale and cost? So , this is us going through a natural progression of 
being a larger company where we are finding at some points we need to start consolidating, and 
some points retain freedom at factory level. I think we will find an equilibrium in the next few 
years. 
[page 15]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 14 of 23 
 
Ankit Jain: Understood, sir. Glad to hear that you are moving towards that direction. Thank you so much 
and best of luck. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lovish from Burman Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Lovish: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is related to the Sangli facility. I did not 
fully understand what led to this, what is leading to the delay in starting the production. So can 
you help me understand what is the current status and w hen -- by when do we plan to start the 
commercial production? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Technically, the commercial production can start the day we get the clearance from the utility -
- from the authorities, that is your pollution completion board, your factory inspector, your 
building completion certificate, the MIDC, all the local authorities. S o, the last-minute checks 
and balances are being done as we speak.  
I think we have guided this month, we are trying our level best to start commercial production 
this month. Maybe in small volumes, not in very big batches. The reason why we are calling it 
trial is primarily because this being a regulated product, I cannot  start producing everything 
overnight in this new facility because the customers want it only from an approved facility. And 
the approval of this facility is what takes time. 
Lovish: Got it. And so when -- what is the timeline for getting these approvals, the required approvals? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: We have guided about six months. Because we have at least, in our initial scope of things, we 
have about 60 audits lined up. Global audits. 
Lovish: And would we need all of these audits in one place  or can we when  -- as and when we start 
receiving approvals, we can start ramping up production? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, our first focus is the orders which we are executing. Let's assume that we are executing the 
Adani and the Power Grid HVDC, our first focus after getting the ISOs is to get the Adani and 
Power Grid HVDC approvals, for that I need to first get the Hitachi global approval from the 
facility which is about five or six audits. Then we have an Adani audit and a Power Grid audit. 
So that itself is about eight audits before we shift in to the next project. So , we are prioritizing 
the audits based on which project is coming into manufacturing first. 
Lovish: Understood. And sir, on the Winwin acquisition that we have done, I wanted to understand what 
was our rationale for this acquisition because it seems like backward integration will be only a 
small part of it.  
So, what was the rationale for doing this? And what  -- how do we plan to turn around this 
facility, because from what I understand, this is a closed plant and we'll have to spend some time 
into ramping it up as well. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Good question, Lovish. This facility will take some time of management time in getting it turned 
around. This is a very large factory, as big as a cement factory. Insulators are a capex heavy 
[page 16]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 15 of 23 
 
business, unlike asset-light business of most engineering companies. Whether it is data centers 
or high voltage, low voltage, whatever we are in the business, insulators is something that we 
cannot live without. Let's say, if you go to any substation, the first thing you see is a brown 
porcelain. 
Now, we have been finding that there's a demand for insulators internally which is slowing down 
our growth. But also across board, every large multinational which is guiding for growth is 
getting stuck because of this. So what happens, as we increase our s cope of product, we can 
leverage or barter their growth with the supply of insulators to them. A. B, globally, there are 
very, very few insulators people in the world. I think in India there are about four or five. 
Globally maybe another eight or nine people, right?  
So nobody is expanding, no new vendor is coming in, which means as the way we see the grids 
operate, the demand -supply mismatch of insulators are going to be even more extreme. And 
whichever business we get into or acquire, will have the problem of insulators. So that A, helps 
us in increasing our throughput of our existing businesses, and also use it as a leverage.  
And the amount of money I paid for the business per se is about INR50 crores, INR60 crores. 
If you look at the valuation, we got a huge piece of land where we can start going and expanding 
it. The building is free for all, only eight acres of it is  the facility. So basically, the business is 
not very much I paid for. I think in the next two years I should be able to collect my che que 
back. 
Lovish: Got it. And sir just one last question. If we look at the standalone business that we have, our 
gross margins have increased significantly this quarter. So what led to this and is this sustainable 
going forward, because I understand that there might be some increased cost on the capex front 
because of the new facility and all. But is the gross margin sustainable at these levels? Or will 
we go back to the previous levels we had last few quarters? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, as I said, we have been traditionally doing about 25% margin in this factory. Even if you  
see the last six quarters give and take that is what we are. Sometimes it's higher, but I don't hope 
it is going to be lower than that.  
I cannot really comment  the way we have been  -- there's been sharp increase in prices, so the 
dollar is also depreciating -- a lot of appreciating and a lot of our orders are also exports. So we 
will have to give it. We have always exercised caution, and my colleague Rajesh also exercised 
caution. So please don't build your castle based on these numbers, please build your castle based 
on the numbers we've guided. We will always try to do better. 
Lovish: Got it. Sir, just one small follow-up. On the standalone, can we expect an around 20% EBITDA 
margin or somewhere close to that one? Because there will be some cost from the new capacity... 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Standalone? 
Lovish: Yes standalone. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think standalone we should be good enough for that. 
[page 17]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 16 of 23 
 
Lovish: Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charchit from Genuity Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Charchit: Hi, sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. And congrats for the good set of numbers. So, just two 
quick questions. Firstly, on the fund raise that we are doing of like close to INR500 crores. So, 
what are the timelines of this? Like till when we are targeting to raise INR500 crores? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think we may attempt raising them this month, before the AGM. Our intention is to help my 
team less bureaucracy, what we say, so that we can get both the AGMs together. I believe we 
will start the road shows from 20th of this month. 
Charchit: Got you. And sir, on the Sangli ramp up, so like, till when we will -- we are targeting to 
commence this plant? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So, commencement is subject to market -- what we say the approvals from the bureaucrats  but 
as I said, our Vastu Shanti pooja is on 13th and 14th of this month. 
Charchit: So, we can say like from Q2, we'll start generating revenue from this plant? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I would say start looking at Q3. Some revenue trickling in, Q4 is when you would see some 
turnarounds. 
Charchit: Okay. And how much we are targeting from this unit? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: At this moment, our first focus is to get the factory in order before we start revising targets. 
Please stick to the 20% guidance that we have given. 
Charchit: Okay.  
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nakul Gupta from Shikherjee Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Nakul Gupta: Am I audible? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes, sir. 
Nakul Gupta: Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on great set of numbers. I just want to know that the 
accounting statement of Ind AS 29, if we are adding back the expenses, then we should also add 
back the asset base. So what could be the asset base of the Turkey if we do the pre -- before Ind 
AS 29 adjustment? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: We are not able to understand your question, sir. Can you please repeat it again? 
Nakul Gupta: Like if we are deducting the expense and adding it back to the P&L due to the Ind AS 29 expense 
statement. So consequently, for the double entry treatment, the asset base should also be 
[page 18]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 17 of 23 
 
increased in the Turkey division. So is there any number per se for the revised and before Ind 
AS 29 adjustment, the asset base number of Turkey? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Asset base? 
Nakul Gupta: Yes, sir. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes. You'll have to give us some time on it. If you can write to me, we will definitely reply on 
it. We will definitely reply. I don't think we have the data on hand. But we will -- if you can just 
send us a mail, I will ensure my team responds to you before this evening. 
Nakul Gupta: Done, sir. I will do that. That's from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Taparia, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Taparia: Good afternoon, sir. I had a couple of questions. First is on Endoks manufacturing facility, what 
is the peak revenue potential and contribution for the same in FY’28? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So at a high technology product, we really don't invest too much. As I said at this moment, the 
entire facility is costing us about $2 million, give and take we may spend about $1 million. I 
think that factory is good enough for about at least $70 million, $80 million. That is the kind of 
scale it can take. Yes, that would be the guidance on that facility. 
Rohit Taparia: Okay, that is for FY’28? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: No, you asked me the peak potential, I give the peak revenue. I didn’t say when the revenue.  
Rohit Taparia: Okay. And contribution for the same, if you can provide it FY’28? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Give us some -- you'll have to give us some time. As I said, the factory is still not operational. 
The civil is on. The interiors, flooring, the conveyor belts and the antistatic coating, there's a lot 
of, there's a power electronic facility, it needs a lot of interiors. It is on. Once we are able to ship 
a quarter or two with the products, we will be in a better position to give you guidance. At this 
moment, I will be shooting in the dark when I give you a number. 
Rohit Taparia: Okay, sir. And second one is that on Wi nwin Speciality, when you had recently acquired 
Winwin Speciality, and when will it start contributing to the numbers and how much will be the 
peak contribution without capex and with capex, as you said in the recent call? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: We will start most probably consolidation Q4 this year. Without a capex, I think it should be 
doing between INR250 crores and INR300 crores. With the capex, I believe it will be about 
INR450 crores to INR500 crores. But also the capex is just not only for  porcelain it's also for 
composites, adding capability rather than just product volume. 
Rohit Taparia: Okay. Okay sir. And the Sangli plant, the peak revenue potential for that would be? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Hello? 
[page 19]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 18 of 23 
 
Rohit Taparia: Hello. Sir, for Sangli plant what would be the peak revenue potential. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Hello? 
Rohit Taparia: Yes sir what would be the peak revenue potential for the Sangli plant? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: As I said, about 1,500 crores, give and take. 
Rohit Taparia: 1,500 crores. And FY28? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: INR1,800 crores. No, that is the peak potential. FY28, we have given a guidance of 50%. 
Rohit Taparia: 15%? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: 50%. 
Rohit Taparia: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Shah from 3A Capital Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavya Shah: Congratulations, sir, for the great set of results. So  my question is, government has recently 
allowed four Chinese companies to bid for HVDC contract. So how much this will impact our 
business? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Good afternoon, I am not aware of the news that four Chinese companies are used for HVDC 
contracts. I had spoken on a Motilal Oswal, I've also written about it. The four companies, if I'm 
not wrong, you are referring to are the Chinese companies already invested in India, using Indian 
raw material . One was TVA  Power Transformers, who were already full and supplying to 
Reliance and Adani most of their capacities. 
They are allowed to quote for Power Grid, but even in the last tender they did not participate. 
Apart from it, there is a small composite string insulator factory, which is I think somewhere in 
Baroda. That company is allowed. And two companies for GIS. I think Taikai and Pinggao, one 
in Baroda and one in Vizag, sorry northeast in Vizag, are allowed. None of these are, operational 
factories. Most of these are de-rated in the last seven years. 
Hardly any people out there. I think it will take a couple of years for them to even come back to 
where they were, six, seven years back. Most of these factories have been shut down for a very 
long time with no teams in. Also the government has not reduced  any local sourcing norms, 
which means that they have to still buy 60 %, 70% of their content domestically. So even the 
products what they will have to make here, they will have to go for domestic sourcing. 
At this moment what do we supply, we are already a supplier to TVA in the transformer business 
through Sukrut. When NEPSI or Pinggao comes in India for the GIS, we will supply the 
components that we have developed with Hyosung. Apart from that I don't think we have any 
relationship with the other companies. 
[page 20]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 19 of 23 
 
Bhavya Shah: Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Moneygrow. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: Hi Bharani, congratulations on the fantastic results and kudos to you and the entire management 
team for the energy and effort you're putting behind capitalizing on the market opportunity. If I 
can ask a little bit of background regarding WS Insulators, maybe if you  can give us a little bit 
of history about the company, what went wrong and then what presented this attractive 
opportunity for you for acquisition, who was it last owned by? And why could they not manage 
it and hence Quality Power is looking to step in? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you, Viraj. So, WS stands for Westinghouse. This is an American company, started in 
the 1960s in Chennai. This was by far the largest company in India for insulators, has a very 
glorious past up to 800 kV from India. Most of the insulators that were exported pre-2000 from 
India was from this factory in Chennai. 
When they were in downtown Chennai, they decided to shift the factory to Vizag in the SEZ, 
because they were mostly exporting from India, the high voltage insulators. When they were 
shifting in and they had some labo ur problem in Chennai, and when they shifted, the cyclone 
Hudhud hit the plant and almost, almost INR240 crores of the investment had to be written off 
in the plant. And the insurance money were taken by the financiers. 
So this plant was sitting idle for about six, seven years, before a new set of investors took on a 
slump sale and spent about INR150 crores in renovating the plant again. They were able to do 
it. They spent all the money what they had. But at the end of the day, they also got stuck when 
the gas crisis hit, where they were losing about INR2 crores a day, because the gas was becoming 
very expensive or not available. 
So that is when they had decided that they need a larger balance sheet to run the company, and 
they have not fully sold out, they had taken a debt in the market for that money, which is what 
they're getting paid. And the rest of the thing they are swapping  with us. The management is 
coming in, they believe in the management like how we were able to turn around Mehru. They 
want it to be a process of the growth, and we have also absorbed the management and the 
directors into the, into our company. 
So they believe that whatever the shares they own and they will also continue running the 
business along with us, they will have a significantly better exit over a period of time. 
Viraj: Fantastic. And does the technical team stay on with WS Insulators because that's at the core of 
both the art and the science, so are the technical heads, the plant heads, the R&D heads available 
to us? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: There are currently about 120 people in the plant. This plant was built by the Americans. The 
PPC guys. This is one of the world's largest insulator company. They built, rebuilt the plant, 
they have audited the plant, this product factory is already supplying 765 kV class insulators in 
America. But it's being branded by a different, into a different brand. We will stop the white 
labelling very soon, we will get into all these markets ourselves. 
[page 21]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 20 of 23 
 
At this moment, we have already got a lot of orders in the Indian market, including Power Grid 
for 765 kV and 400 kV. We are trying to get the approvals on. For us, it's a lockbox agreement 
till the day of the acquisition, any losses is to the owners account. So the faster they do, it will 
be easier for us to be able to fund the  business. So that is why we are going ahead with the 
closure. 
Viraj: Understood. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So we believe the legacy is quite good. WS insulators is approved in over 55 countries. Even 
recently, we got customers from Iraq, Abu Dhabi and all reaching out to us, because they are 
already approved to all these high voltages. So as soon as we were there, we started getting 
inquiries. 
Viraj: Excellent. And you already be running from the Vizag plant or is it the Chennai plant still 
running or is it Chennai land available? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: No, the Chennai is closed down. This is Vizag is rebranded as Winwin, but they have ability to 
use the word WS logo perpetually for insulators. But we will be changing it to Quality Power 
sooner. But all the approvals, type tests, credentials, everything is inherited into the company. 
Viraj: Excellent. All the best. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat G from Fortune. Please go ahead. 
Rajat G: Yes, good afternoon, sir. So sir my question is very long term, if you have any vision for 2030 
or 2035, because I personally see our USP of integrated specialist as a, has a long runway of 
INR10,000 crores revenue. So I mean do you have any forward vision for that? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I have expressed it, Rajat. We would like to be the alternative to Hitachi from India, not 
competing them but complementing them. I believe a country like us requires three or four 
companies in the technology platform like CG Power also, where you have mul tiple products. 
The differentiator between CG Power and us is we invest in high technology  businesses and 
new businesses. 
Let's say BESS, automation, HVDC, FACTS, where we are building our strength, we believe 
this is where the free cash is being generated and we will, we hope to generate a lot of free cash. 
When we generate these free cash, we intend to again buy out similar  complementary high 
technology businesses in the high voltage transmission space. If you look at globally, Japan has 
Mitsubishi, Fuji, Toshiba. France has Alstom or now GEs. So all these large global companies 
have countries have some global multinationals. 
India has L&T, a fantastic engineering company from the civil background. But from the 
electrical background, globally I think there needs to be an alternative, and we intend to be a 
participant in that race, while generating a lot of free cash and not making mistakes on the way. 
[page 22]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 21 of 23 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Gupta, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Akhilesh Gupta: Hi, am I audible? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Yes. 
Akhilesh Gupta: Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. I 
just had one question. There is this company within the Endoks group, it's called Inavitas. They 
do software for, I think Turkcell and all they have done. I just wanted to know if Quality Power 
has any, like, licensing agreement with them in the future planned, something like that, so that 
we can... 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: No, no, we do not own, a couple of directors of Endoks have shareholding in Inavitas. Inavitas 
is owned by also a company called Alfa Solar, a solar company. But being directors in the group, 
we have always a right to call for software if required. They are mostly into grid automation and 
renewable energy integration software. Not related to technically this businesses of high voltage 
what we are operating. 
Akhilesh Gupta: Okay. So do we plan to get into that segment sometime in the future? Because I think it's a high 
entry barrier segment. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: It is a very high entry barrier segment, but the kind of software and the front end that it is, I 
would not, what we say, I do not see myself in at least the next two, three years doing that. I 
believe there's a lot of runway in the high voltage product space. 
Even in the substation there are enough products which Hitachi, Siemens, GE do not control or 
operate where we could wrap up companies at a much cheaper value. Software companies do  
not trade cheap and I am normally buying at a much lower value. So  I would focus on 
manufacturing which is our core expertise at this moment. I would never say never, but not that 
in the next two, three years at least. 
Akhilesh Gupta: Yes, on those lines, any increase in the partnership with Hyosung on the GIS front? Like we are 
doing instrument transformers for GIS right now. Any expansion in on those lines? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: So we are making instrument transformers. We are also getting into grading capacitors. And 
now with WS we are getting with insulators and bushings for GIS. Do not forget all transformer 
bushings need porcelain or composite, so for every transformer bushing t hat is made they will 
need our support in this country, or anywhere else in the world, or for that matter even GIS, 
breakers, composites and porcelain are everywhere.  So in the GIS ecosystem, we have just 
increased our scope again. 
Akhilesh Gupta: Thank you, thank you so much, sir. That's all. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to paucity of time, we take one last question from the line of Rahul Maheshwari 
from Ambit Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
[page 23]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 22 of 23 
 
Rahul Maheshwari: Thank you once again, for giving me the opportunity. Just, can you give, Mr. Pand yan, the 
growth trajectory, if you divide into three parts like power products, power electronics and the 
ancillaries business. If you can bifurcate between these two and how within these three 
components or segments, how the revenue mix will be changing in the next two to three years? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: I think the highest growth will come from power electronics sector because of the BESS coming 
in. The second growth area would be the high voltage power products, and ancillary is 
technically an internal consumption. Even though we do make a lot of stuff t hat is required, 
because we bill internally, because of I think the accounting standard we do  not take credit for 
it. 
So we are building considerable capacity in the ancillary business, something like a CTC , 
HVDC high voltage wire, I believe over the next two, three years we should be doing at least 
INR500 crores in aluminium wire, which is equal to about INR1500 crores to INR1800 crores 
in copper wires for as a CTC business. Same way is with our components business in Sukrut, 
which has turned extremely profitable this quarter for us. 
The other businesses we are growing in, a lot of internal consumption is not treated as sales. So 
I wouldn't bet too much on ancillary at this moment. Ancillary helps us scale the other two 
businesses. Power electronics would help us scale immediately in the next two, three, four 
quarters, and then power products would catch up. 
Rahul Maheshwari: But power products growth will be lower than the power electronics? As a on a going forward 
basis also because the scope of opportunities higher in power electronics. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: It is not only the scope, it is also the supply chain. To give you an idea, even if I am able to make 
my equipment faster, unless the large power transformer comes to the site or other equipment 
come to the site, the customer would not want to take a delivery. 
So globally there is a shortage of a lot of components, so the global growth rate for a high voltage 
substation is still much lower compared to BESS, where there is much less of external influence 
on the products. So customers can take much faster in the power electronics consumption. 
Rahul Maheshwari: And sir, just last question from my end, you being the supplier in, for the end consumer. For 
you, what is the biggest shortage of components that is happening or which is leading to 
extended supply chain? 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: We are not one product, we are making about 12 or 13 products and every factory has its own 
set of worries. And that set of worries changes every quarter. So  at this... if you ask where I sit 
it is the CTC cables. But if you ask the guys in the BESS, they are talking about IGBTs. Mehru 
guys are worried about the aluminium casting. Sukrut’s are worried about springs. So it just 
cycles, so I would not put it on blame on one or two components, we are effectively managing 
it. 
Rahul Maheshwari: Thank you once again and best wishes to the entire team. Thanks. 
Bharanidharan Pandyan: Thank you. 
[page 24]
       Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited
  August 10, 2026 
   
Page 23 of 23 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining this conference call. On behalf of Asit C Mehta and 
Quality Power Electrical Equipment Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
