[page 1]
 
 
Date: 06.06.2025 
 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
 
(Script Symbol: SUPREMEPWR) 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Monday, June 
02, 2025 at 02:00 PM. 
   
 Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In continuation of our earlier letter dated June 02, 2025 informing about the audio link of the 
Earnings Conference Call and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is hereby 
submitting transcripts of Earnin gs Conference call of the analyst/investor conference call 
which was held on Monday, June 02, 202 5 at 02:00 PM  to discussed the Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the Half Year and Year ended 31st 
March, 2025. 
 
The Nature of the Meeting is: Group meet. 
 
 
 Kindly acknowledge and take the same on records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited   
 
 
Priyanka Bansal           
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEE RAJMOHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR–SUPREME POWER EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR:  MR. GANESH – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

[page 3]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Supreme Power Equipment Limited H2 & 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Kir in Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star than zero on your touchtone phone. 
 Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ganesh. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ganesh: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On be half of Kiri n Advisors, I welcome you all to the 
conference call of Supreme Power Equipment Limited.  From the managemen t team, we have 
Mr. Vee Rajmohan, Chairman and Ma naging Director of the company.  With that, now I hand 
over the call to Mr. Vee Rajmohan for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Vee Rajmohan: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our earning call of the second half of 
FY25. It's a pleasure to connect with you and share an update on our financial and operational 
performance, recent milestones and the roa d ahead. The Supreme Power Equipment Limited, 
our story is one of steady evolution, resilience and an unwavering commitment to excellence 
established in 1994 as a modest partnership firm and incorporated as a private limited company 
in the year 2005.  
We h ave grown into one of Tamil Nadu's most respected manufacturers of power and 
distribution transformers. Over the years, we have built a strong reputation for delivering 
dependable, high efficiency product that meet both domestic and international standards . Our 
journey has been guided by a clear vision to power the nation's energy infrastructure with 
innovative, sustainable and customer-focused solutions.  
With a deep understanding of the power sector's evolving demand, we are consistently adopted 
to market needs by investing in technology, talent and process excellence. We specialize in 
design, manufacture and supply of a wide range of transformers serving sectors including 
utilities, renewable energy, infrastructure and industrial applications.  
Our manufacturing capabilities backed by stringent quality controls and high-skilled workforce 
allow us to deliver reliable and customized solutions to a growing base of clients. In recent years, 
as India intensifies its focus on renewable energy and upgrades its el ectrical infrastructure, 
Supreme Power has strategically aligned itself with these growth trends. Whether it's supporting 
larger scale solar or upgrading aging distribution network, they are playing a vital role in 
enabling cleaner and more efficient power system.  
Today, we stand at an exciting juncture driven by strong fundamentals, a robust order book and 
the trust of our customers. We continue investing in capacity expansion, new product 
development and geographic outreach. We are well positioned to sca le new heights and 
contribute meaningful to India's energy future.  
[page 4]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Let me now take a moment to highlight some of our key achievements in the recent months. 
Major order wins. We secured INR6.05 crores order from TANGEDCO for supply of 16 kV 
distribution transformer for over a period of 18 months. The supply period is 18 months. And 
Danya Electric Company, our group entity with 90% ownership won order worth INR4.71 
crores.  
And another thing, we received a major INR22.26 crores order from a leading electric company 
in Chennai for oil cooled distribution transformers to be delivered over 9 months. And we also 
secured INR10.02 crores order from another Chennai based client for transformer components. 
This delivery period is between 4 months. Delivery timeline is 4 months.  
Additionally, we received INR3.45 crores order from a reputed solar energy company in 
Coimbatore for outdoor oil cooled transformers. Award and recognition. We were honoured 
with the Best Emerging MSME Listed Company award at the MSME Ratna Aw ards 2024  
recognizing our growth and contribution to the sector.  
Comes to the credit rating. CRISIL Rating Limited assigned us a CRISIL BBB minus table for 
long term facilities and CRISIL A3 for short term facilities underscoring our financial stability 
and operational performance. This milestone reflects our growing market presence, our ability 
to deliver tailored solution and our commitment to excellence.  
Moving on to our financial performance. I am pleased to report that we have delivered strong 
results in H2 and for the full financial year FY25 reflecting the continued momentum in our 
operation and the growing demand for our products. On a consolidated basis, for the second half 
of FY25, we have reported total income of INR90.93 crores marking a 49.08 percentage year on 
year growth.  
The EBITDA stood at INR17.03 crores up by 31.64% from the same period last year. Net profit 
came in at INR11.47 crores, a growth of 52.19% and earnings per share grew up 51.84% that is 
to INR4.59 per share. For the full financial year FY25, our c onsolidated total income was 
INR149.54 crores showing a 31.65% increase year-on-year. EBITDA grew up by 24.60% that 
is INR29.07 crores.  
Net profit rose to INR18.06 crores up by 32.84% with EPS at INR7.44, an increase of 4 .49% 
over the previous year. Our standalone basis, we have also recorded robust growth for H2 FY25. 
The total income was INR91.62 crores an  impressive 51.34% year -on-year growth. EBITDA 
rose by 45.93% to INR15.88 crores. Net profit stood at INR11.47 crores, an increase of 52.19% 
and EPS came in at INR4.59 up by 51.99%.  
For the full year, our standalone total income reached INR148.35 crores, growing up to 34.91% 
year-on-year. EBITDA increased by 31.46% to INR 26.33 crores. Net profit rose by 32.84% to 
INR18.60 crores, with EPS remaining steadily at INR7.44, reflecting 4.49% growth. These 
numbers are a testament to the strength of our business model and the operational efficiency we 
have achieved and the continued trust our customers place on us.  
Both our consolidated and standalone performance underscore our strong market positioning 
and our ability to deliver consistent profitable growth. Notably, we have witnessed a significant 
[page 5]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
surge in demand for distribution transformer and power transformer, which has been a major 
contribution to our overall revenue growth. As of now, our conso lidated order book stands at 
INR167.67 crores.  
This strong order pipeline reflects continued customer confidence and gives u s good visibility 
for the quarters ahead. We are also making steady progress on our new manufacturing facility, 
which is currently around 70% completed. Once operational, this plant will expand our 
production capacity and enhance our efficiency, enabling us to address larger and more complex 
orders, especially in high capacity transformer space. 
Looking ahead, we are exploring opportunities to expand our presence beyond Tamil Nadu by 
targeting new regions and utilities. This geographic diversification will support long -term and 
sustainable growth. Ou r consistent performance in H2 and throughout FY 25 demonstrates the 
strength of our business model, the resilience of our operation and our growing relevance in the 
power and renewable energy sector. 
I would like to thank all our stakeholders, investors, customers, partners and our employees for 
your continuous trust and support. Your encouragement has played a vital role in our journey so 
far and we remain committed to build long-term value for all. With that, now open the floor for 
questions. Thank you once again for being with us today. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please proceed. 
Garvit Goyal: Good afternoon, sir. C ongrats for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the order 
book side. You mentioned INR167 crores order book we are having as of now. Is it correct to 
assume that this entire order book will get executed this year itself? 
Vee Rajmohan: Partially some orders for deliverable within 18 months and some of them before 4 months and 
some are between 8 months. It is a mixed of all. 
Garvit Goyal: What kind of order inflows are we expecting in next two to three quarters like you mentioned, 
there is a strong order pipeline. If you can put any number to it, what kind of order inflows are 
we expecting and out of the existing order book? 
Vee Rajmohan: Actually, this is the order. This INR167 crores is the confirmed order which is pending with us 
as of today. And we are expecting another INR50 crores to INR60 crores in the next quarter. So, 
I think we are with a very strong order pipeline. 
Garvit Goyal: What is the revenue guidance for FY26? 
Vee Rajmohan: That is order book should be more than INR200 crores to INR250 crores. 
Garvit Goyal: No, I am talking about top line guidance? 
Vee Rajmohan: Top line guidance revenue. You are asking about the revenue? 
Garvit Goyal: Yes, sir. 
[page 6]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Vee Rajmohan: It will cro ss INR200 crores to INR250 crores. It will be between INR200 crores to INR250 
crores. 
Garvit Goyal: Got it, sir. And secondly, on the industry dynamics. Currently, we are seeing there is a significant 
demand for the transformers and we are also doing capex. Similarly, other industrial players are 
also doing the capex. So, how do you see this thing to shape up? Is this demand -supply gap 
going to stay here for the next 12 to 24 months or how are things shaping up? 
Vee Rajmohan: I understand your question. And I think as per the market expectation, this demand will be there 
for at least 2 to 3 years. This is for minimum.  
Garvit Goyal: And is it like with the new capacity expansion that we are focusing on, is it like we are also 
going to cater to the export demand because in exports also there is a lot of de mand for the 
transformers? 
Vee Rajmohan: Correct for exports also there is a lot of demand.  
Garvit Goyal: So are we looking to cater? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we are putting, we are putting our efforts to go for export. And we are looking for a good 
channel pattern. We are on the job. 
Garvit Goyal: And lastly, on the margins front, what kind of margins do we expect when we say we are going 
to do INR200 crores to INR250 crores top line this year? So, what kind of  margins are we 
expecting? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, maybe it will be between 10% to 12%, 12% to 13%. 
Garvit Goyal: But 10% to 12% is a bit short of what we are -- are you talking about net margin or what? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, I am talking about the PAT. 
Garvit Goyal: PAT margin, okay 12%. 
Vee Rajmohan: 10% to 12%. 
Garvit Goyal: I think FY25 it is more than 12% I think? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, see, next after capex we have to increase our workforce. So, definitely there will be a small 
drop in margin. So, we have to increase our overheads. So, maybe 1% or 1.5% maybe less. 
Garvit Goyal: That’s good. And lastly, on the capex side, you mentioned 70% task is completed. So, by when 
can we expect this new plan to come in? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, before this December 2025, the full capex will complete 100%. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. That is it from my side, sir. All the best for the future. Thank you. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
[page 7]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Sharma from JC Capital. Please 
proceed.  
Abhishek Sharma: Good afternoon, sir. Sir my question is what is the roadmap post the complete of your new 
manufacturing facility and how soon do you expect to reach optimal utilization? 
Vee Rajmohan: This new plant will complete in the month of December and the full capacity can be utilized in 
two to three years. And the top revenue of fully utilized plant will be around INR500 crores. So, 
we are expecting the utilization in next two to three years. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay. And, sir, how are you preparing to complete nationally as you expand beyond Tamil Nadu 
and any specific region you are targeting first? 
Vee Rajmohan: Kerala Electricity Board we are targeting and Telangana also we are targeting. Already we got 
L1 status and we have been approved in KPTCL a nd we have been approved in KSE B, Kerala 
State Electricity Board. And we have posted so many tenders and one tender it has opene d and 
we were L1 on that for supply of 25 MVA. So, the order worth may be for INR20 crores, between 
INR15 crores to INR20 crores, but not yet finalized. So, we are expanding. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay. And last question, sir, with over 70% of revenue now coming from private lines and how 
do you plan to balance this with government tenders going forward? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it's a good question. Actually, government last year that is 24, 25, our government supplies 
restricted to 26%, 27%, -- 26.5%. And other than government, we have exposed up to 74%. And 
this year we got a big order from Neyveli Lignite Corporation, comes under Ministry of Coals. 
So, we got a single order worth of INR60 crores -- INR60 crores, INR61 crores. So, this year I 
think the percentage may vary.  
Earlier we were supplying only to the utilities. So, now we are moving out to other government. 
This is a federal government based company. So, now the percentage may change. 
Abhishek Sharma: Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Vee Rajmohan: Okay. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhanraj Solani, an Individual Investor. Please 
proceed. 
Dhanraj Solani: Thank you. Good afternoon. So, I have a couple of questions with me. So, I'll start with the first 
one. So, what i s the long -term vision for Danya Electric Company a nd you're 90% owned 
subsidiary. Any plan for fully integration or expansion? 
Vee Rajmohan: Danya Electric Company, as of now we are focusing only for the utility. And there is a small 
expansion we are plan ning to do. So, only for the space increase, expanding the space, 
workspace. So, we don't see any significant expansion on that. 
Dhanraj Solani: Okay. So, during H2 FY25 what are the key factors that led to strong 52% jump in the net profit? 
[page 8]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Vee Rajmohan: That is what is that, can you come again? 
Dhanraj Solani: In H2 FY25 like what are the key factors that led to this strong jump in net profit? 
Vee Rajmohan: The total revenue has increased by 30%, 35%, 32%. So, naturally, the profit also increased. 
Dhanraj Solani: Okay. So, one last question. Despite the revenue jump, EBITDA margins slightly dropped Y-o-
Y? 
Vee Rajmohan: Sorry.  
Dhanraj Solani: Okay. Despite the revenue jump, EBITDA still slightly dropped Y-o-Y. Anyone, like any of 
reasons or structural causes? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, this actually we cannot, the profit margin in the last decimal, even we cannot match to the 
last decimals. This will occur anytime, anywhere, like maybe 1% may vary. See, all the time, 
we cannot fix the margin.  And it will vary custom er to customer and some customers, if they 
give us a huge order, they may do a tough negotiation. So, in that point of time, we need to give 
some discounts. So, naturally, it will affect our margin. So, it is a marginal difference only. This 
will happen. There is no any specific reason for that. 
Dhanraj Solani: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhiruchi from Sagefarm. Please proceed. 
Abhiruchi: Hi, good afternoon. Sir, as you said that in the next 2 years, 3 years, you would see the revenue 
going to INR500 crores or so. For that, do you see any dilution as in, would you raise more debt 
or equity capital for that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we may dilute. Maybe in 2026 or 2027, we may dilute. And as of now, there is no clear 
point on that and we have idea. 
Abhiruchi: Okay, got it. And, sir, would you guide for any positive or negative impact because of, say, tariff 
wars or the new FTAs that India is looking to sign? Would it have any impact on the industry or 
on us specifically? 
Vee Rajmohan: To be fair with that, I have not done any research on that. Let me have that and I can reply on 
that. As of now, I don't have any points. 
Abhiruchi: Sure, sir. So, last question, just continuing from the last person's question, th at the subsidy that 
we have wherein we have 90% stake, I mean, what is the strategic outlook? Why not fold it into 
the listed entity supreme power so that there is no difference of interest of minority shareholders 
and of promoters? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, I understand because we are keeping it for here in State Electricity Board. Here, their order 
division is like who are all the participants and it will be divided by that number of participants. 
So, if I have one more company, I will have one extra. 
[page 9]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Abhiruchi: Got it. 
Vee Rajmohan: So, that is the reason we are having it as separate entity. 
Abhiruchi: Got it. Okay, sir. So, last question is that you said that for the next 2 years, 3 years you see good 
demand. Can you guide us f or a bit longer term, say for 5 ye ars, 7 years because what we read 
is that electricity demand is going to stay elevated for next 5 years, 7 years, 10 years because of 
AI, because of data centers and all the reasons? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it is there. Somebody, they asked for next 3 years  only. So, I said it is 3 years, b ut the 
demand as per our market information and the government policies, definitely there will be good 
demand for next 8 years. 
Abhiruchi: Okay.  
Vee Rajmohan: With the year-on-year growth of 10% to 15%.  
Abhiruchi: Thanks, sir. Have a great year ahead. Thanks. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Th e next question is from the line of Pooja Gupta, an Individual Investor. Please 
proceed. 
Pooja Gupta: Yes. So, my question is, how do you manag e delivery timeline especially for custom engine er 
order like solar or recharge transformers? 
Vee Rajmohan: Again, it depends upon the customer. Some customers, they place order in bulk and they will 
ask us to deliver the product in 6 months, 8 months. It varies from customer to customer and 
some customers they will ask for 6 weeks, 10 weeks like that.  This is based on the customer 
requirement.  
And basically, minimum from the order date, we will supply the ir transformer within 6 weeks. 
This is our minimum timeline to design, manufacture, procurement.  It comprises of design, 
logistics, procurement, manufacturing, testing and delivering, minimum will be 6 weeks. 
Pooja Gupta: Okay, sir. And my next question is, is your current workforce sufficient to handle the upcoming 
capacity expansion or do you plan large-scale hiring? 
Vee Rajmohan: Can you come again? 
Pooja Gupta: Yes. My question is , is your current workforce sufficient to handle the upcoming capacity 
expansion or do you plan large-scale hiring? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Actually, our workforce is not sufficient for the upcoming capex and we have started hiring 
people. 
[page 10]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Pooja Gupta: Okay. Thank you. And my next question is, how do you ensure consistent quality and testing for 
higher capacity transformer? Any certification or process is added recently? 
Vee Rajmohan: For manufacturing higher or larger power transformers, we are capable of doing all the tests in 
our in-house itself. And we have all the test facilities. We are building the test facilities for the 
capacity which we are doing there. And we need to get certification from CPRI and it has to be 
vendor registration has to be done successfully with PGCIL and other big companies. We are on 
the job. Once the project completed, then we will start doing on that. 
Pooja Gupta: Okay. Thank you, sir, for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory 
LLP. Please proceed.  
Garvit Goyal: Hello. Thanks for the follow-up, sir. I just want to understand what is the total capex that we are 
planning for? 
Vee Rajmohan: Capex. You want the total cost of the capex? 
Garvit Goyal: Amount of capex that is being availed? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it's INR80 crores, INR85 crores. 
Garvit Goyal: INR80 crores to INR85 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, INR80 crores to INR85 crores.  
Garvit Goyal: And right now I think, how much we have incurred till now out of this INR85 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: Almost 60, 65 we have incurred. 
Garvit Goyal: INR60 crores to INR65 crores is already incurred? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. 
Garvit Goyal: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priya Jain from Green Capital. Please proceed.  
Priya Jain: Couple of questions with me. Firstly, I would like to under stand this order you g ot from NSE 
India around 61 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes.  
Priya Jain: So, how will this impact your revenues and especially margin over the next two quarters, given 
that tight, like, six-month execution window? 
[page 11]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Vee Rajmohan: This, we have the margin we have a reasonable margin on that, this big order of INR60 crores 
from NLC. This has to be supplied in a period of six -month span. So, this will be equally 
distributed for first quarter, sorry, second and third quarter. 
Priya Jain: So, do you think that this order will open more opportunities in PSU you are talking about? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we are seeing like that. And it is, we feel it is a prestigious order. And again NLC they start 
discussing with us for bigger capacity transfer, which we are going to make in our new capacity. 
So, we start -- they start discussing on that. So, I think it's -- it will have a very good impact 
based on this order. 
Priya Jain: Also, just out of curiosity, will this order require additional production capacity in your current 
manufacturing schedule? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes this can be – the capacity is our existing facility is capable of handling this order, NLC 
order. 
Priya Jain: Any more collaboration which is in… 
Vee Rajmohan: No, not needed, with the existing workforce and the existing facility, we can do that. 
Priya Jain: That's it from my side. Fair enough. Thanks.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Roy from Patel Advisor Private Limited. 
Please proceed. 
Aditi Roy: Thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity. My first  question is I just want to know with 
increasing orders for solar and high capacity transformer, how are you adapting your 
manufacturing mix? 
Vee Rajmohan: This is purely based on the order book which we have received. And we have different process 
for that, for IDT and larger power transformer. It's totally, entirely different, but the basic process 
will be the same. And various stages for larger p ower transformer, the guidance for 
manufacturing is something different. So, we adapt accordingly. 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. And my next question is which customer segment, utilities, solar developers or 
industrial clients are driving your group currently? 
Vee Rajmohan: What having good order book or what you are asking? 
Aditi Roy: Growth factors means so which is your growth or driver? 
Vee Rajmohan: I could not get your question. This is something… 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. My question is, which customer segment, utilities, solar developers or industrial 
clients are driving your growth currently? 
[page 12]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Solar is driving good now and utilities also driving good. And now, last year our IDT sales 
was 7%, but this year it has been increased to 17%. So, inve rter duty transformer, this is based 
on purely solar application. So, last year it was 7%, now thi s year we have increased to 17% to 
18%. And as of now, our order book shows 40% of inverter duty, IDT, t hat is 40% on solar. 
Solar projects plays a vital role on this as of today's trend. 
Aditi Roy: Good to hear, sir. My last question is, how are the margins keeping between go vernment and 
private contracts means, so which is more profitable for you? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes here private the margin is always negotiable. We are, so it's a personal state table across the 
table we will negotiate. And either we have to take, strike the order or we have to lose the order, 
we will decide and give.  So, on government side, we have to post tenders and based on that, 
sometimes we get good margin.  
Based on the number of bidders, how many bidders are there and how many prospective buyers. 
So, it can be -- it cannot say that this one government is profitable or less margin like that.  
Sometimes we get very good margin from the government side and sometimes with the less 
margin we will get. So, that is the reason we have reduced our exposure towards the utilities. 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you very much.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Tripathi, an Individual Investor. Please 
proceed. 
Raj Tripathi: Yes, so congratulations for the strong numbers. So, I have just two or three questions. So, if you 
can clear this, it will be great. So, the first one is as you have significantly reduced our reliance 
on government tender. So, with 70  percentage of revenue from private clients, what risk 
management frameworks are in place to mitigate delays in payment, any other variability? 
Vee Rajmohan: It's not so clear, sir. It's very feeble.  
Raj Tripathi: So, my question is as we have significantly reduced our reliance on government tender. So, 
across 70% of revenue which we are getting from the private client. So, what risk management 
framework we are in place to mitigate delays in payment and any orders ahead can you please 
explain? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes last year 26% is the government orders and 73 %, 74% is from non -government. And here 
we are mostly focusing on solar segment. Now, solar segment  they are doing very well.  And 
number of projects are coming up a nd there is a very good demand for IDT transformers. So, 
that contributed, that solar transformers contributed more on this.  And some industrial sectors 
also, they are contributed. And that is the reason we are able to reduce government exposure. 
Raj Tripathi: Yes meanwhile if so what risk management place to mitigate to r educe payment delays, any 
order variability credit risk? 
[page 13]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, now in last year the receivable dates was something around 190 days. Now, we have 
reduced to 110 days. We have improved our collection mechanism. And from government side 
also we are getting payments within 60 days, 60 to 90 days. So, it has totally reduced. 
Raj Tripathi: Okay. So as our new facility which is nearing to completion. So, how is the company planning 
itself and our distribution to fully utilize the increased capacity? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, now we are hiring people, hiring workforces for marketing sales and for manufacturing. 
So, I think we can, before going there we can fully hire people, hire talented people for that. 
Raj Tripathi: Okay, that's it from my side. Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhiruchi from Sagefarm. Please proceed. 
Abhiruchi: Yes, hi. Thanks a lot again. Sir, are we seeing any cost pressure from the industry perspective, 
say in terms of raw material or CRGO steel specifically? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it was there. Cost pressure was there. Since we have a relationship wi th our vendors for a 
very long time, two, three  decades we are able to manage that.  And accordingly we will also 
pass on that to our buyers. So we are able to manage that. 
Abhiruchi: So, would it be fair to say that our cost pressure will not have an impact on our margins and our 
ability to win bids? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, you are 100% correct. And it will be always present. See, that is the reason we are reducing 
our exposure towards government and increasing towards the non -government. So, this 
negotiation on the negotiation table, we know on that particular day what is the price of copper, 
what is the price of CRGO, so that accordingly we will get the order. So, the risk is mitigated 
there. 
Abhiruchi: Got it. And continuing the last question from the last per son. If I remember correctly, last year 
in one of the concall, you had mentioned that you generally take payment first before delivering 
the transformers to private sector customers. 
Vee Rajmohan: Correct. 
Abhiruchi: So, if we are doing that, then the risk  element would take care of itself in terms of getting 
payment back? 
Vee Rajmohan: See, in most of the cases, we will not be able to get the payment in advance. See, in general, we 
used to get 10% to 30% as advance. This all what I am talking about is on p rivate buyers. And 
balance on stage by stage and balance before dispatch. This is for a new customer. Suppose a 
customer placing order continuously and  who is having a regular approach , they will ask for a 
credit for 60 days.  
So, it's a mixed of all. Some  portion we are giving straightaway 90 days credit to government 
and some portion we are operating with advance and payment before dispatch. And most of the 
payment we will collect it before dispatch the transformers product.  And for some customers, 
[page 14]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
we have to give credit. They will give 10% or 30% advance and balance the 60 to 90 days credit 
they will ask. So, in that, it's a mixed of all. 
Abhiruchi: Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Vee Rajmohan: Got it. Thanks. That's all for myself. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes sir, welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek, an Retail Investor. Please proceed. 
Abhishek: Good afternoon, sir. Thank you to great set of numbers. Actually, my question has been 
answered. So, I will let the next participant come in. Thank you. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anboli an Individual Investor. Please proceed. 
Anboli: What are the steps taken by us in order to expand into new job opportunities? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. As I said, we are po sting tenders in Punjab Electricity Board, Telangana, KPTCL, that is 
Karnataka and KSEB, Kerala State Electricity Board.  
Anboli: These are all government? 
Vee Rajmohan: Government. 
Anboli: Why not to private customers? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes p rivate customers w e have appointed some, our own marketing people in the state of 
Telangana and Karnataka and in Kerala. So, through them we are getting… 
Anboli: For international customers? 
Vee Rajmohan: International customers, we are working on it. A ctually, we could not get through on that as of 
now. And I think next year, I think we will do something on export. 
Anboli: One last question. What would be the average margin between government and private 
customers? 
Vee Rajmohan: Almost. See, government as I said government in some tenders, we get good price and some 
tenders we may get reasonable margin. So, it is not like a standard thing like government means 
lower or higher margin like that.  Based on the time on which the tender comes out and which 
time they are finalizing the tender, based on that only price or margin is fixed.  
Anboli: Thank you, sir. All the best.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory 
LLP. Please proceed.  
[page 15]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Garvit Goyal: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, you mentioned we have been bidding for some orders, right? 
So, can you just put the amount of bid line that we are currently having and what is our expected 
success rate in those bids? 
Vee Rajmohan: As of now, we have posted and sent offers. It is accumulative. roughly I am telling, something 
around INR800 crores we have given offer, including private and the government. 
Garvit Goyal: That is the order pipeline you are having, INR800 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, it is not order pipeline. This is the offer or the quotation which we have sent. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. Understood.  
Vee Rajmohan: For the enquiry, yes, success rate may be around 10% to 15%. 
Garvit Goyal: 10% to 15% and by when can we expect the result of this bidding? 
Vee Rajmohan: This is a continuous process. This keeps on going. So, we are expecting the top line of this year 
should end up with anywhere between INR200 to INR250 crores. 
Garvit Goyal: Understood. And you mentioned in next one quarter, we are expecting an order of INR50 crores. 
So, is it from this INR800 crores pipeline only or that will be in addition to it? 
Vee Rajmohan: Can you come again? 
Garvit Goyal: In earlier this call, you mentioned like in next one quarter, we are expecting around INR50 crores 
order for the inflow. So, that INR50 crores is from this INR800 crores pipeline only or this is 
over and above? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, in which meeting now this meeting or earlier meeting I said? 
Garvit Goyal: This meeting only, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: INR50 crores, I have not said. No, we are expecting -- not INR50 crores, it is INR20 crores. 
INR15 crores to INR20 crores. 
Garvit Goyal: INR15 crores to INR20 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: It is INR15 crores to INR20 crores, that tender has to finalize. It is in KSEB. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. So, is it from this INR800 crores order pipeline only, right? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, perfect. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ganesh for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
[page 16]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Ganesh: Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Supreme Power Equipment Limited. If 
you have any further queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank 
you everyone for joining the conference. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you. I once again thank all our stakeholders, investors, customers and our own employees. 
Thank you very much for having huge trust on us. Thank you very much. We remain committed 
to build a long term value for all. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Kirin  Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
