[page 1]
 
May 26, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Script Code: 544513 Trading Symbol: DEVX 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings Conference call 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings 
conference call, conducted on May 20, 2026, in relation to the audited financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The above information will also be hosted on the Company’s website viz. https://www.devx.work/investor-
relations/financials 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dev Accelerator Limited 
(Formerly Known as Dev Accelerator Private Limited) 
 
 
Anjan Trivedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
[page 2]
   Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Dev Accelerator Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
      
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Umesh Uttamchandani – Managing Director – Dev Accelerator Limited 
Mr. Parin Shah – Joint Chief Financial Officer – Dev Accelerator Limited 
Mr. Parthiv Panchal – Joint Chief Financial Officer – Dev Accelerator Limited 
Mr. Anjan Trivedi – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer – Dev Accelerator Limited 
Mr. Yash Shah – Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director – Dev Accelerator Limited 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dev Accelerator Limited Q4 and 
FY26 earnings conference call. I have with me Mr. Umesh Uttamchandani, Managing 
Director; Mr. Parin Shah, Joint Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Parthiv Panchal, Joint Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Anjan Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; Mr. 
Yash Shah, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director. 
Before we proceed, I would like to bring to your attention that certain statements 
made during this discussion may constitute forward- looking statements. These 
statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, and beliefs 
regarding future deve lopments and are inherently subject to various risks, 

[page 3]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
uncertainties, and factors beyond our control. Such forward- looking statements 
involve both known and unknown risks, and we advise you to interpret them with 
caution. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
and zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Uttamchandani, Managing Director. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Uttamchandani. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you so much for initiating the call. And good afternoon, everyone, and a warm 
welcome to Dev Accelerator Limited earnings conference call for the fourth quarter 
and full year ended March 31, 2026. I am assuming you all had the opportunity to 
review the audited results, the investor presentation, and the media release that we 
have shared with the Stock Exchanges. 
I'll start with this year's numbers. This year has been extremely meaningful for all of 
us at DevX, as it completes the full financial year as a public listed entity. Our thesis 
of focusing on India's Tier 2 cities has now become the frontier for the entire country, 
not only from a real estate perspective but also from other growth parameters. Tier 
2 cities have played out in our numbers extremely well, and I would run you through 
all those numbers in the next 20-25 minutes. 
For the full year FY26, our consolidated revenue has reached to a phenomenal 
outcome of INR226 crores. That's an annualized growth of 42 percentage, wherein 
our FY25 revenue was INR159 crores. I am sure a lot of people who are there on the 
call today, who have been monitoring and tracking us during our pre-IPO roadshows, 
I had showcased the numbers of achieving an outcome of INR225 crores, and today 
we have achieved INR1 crore additional to what we had envisioned a year ago.  
Our consolidated EBITDA has come up to INR109 crores, with the  margin of 48.4 
percentage. On a Standalone basis, which is excluding our design and build company 
and technology company, it reflects a strong unit economics of our core managed 
workspace platform. The standalone numbers have increased 34 percentage on an 
annualized basis, and we have ach ieved a phenomenal number of INR171 crores for 
FY26. And our margin, EBITDA margin, has been achieved at 60.5 percentage, which 
last year was 59.8 percentage. J ust to help you understand this amongst our peers 
[page 4]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
who are listed in the flexible workspace sector, this is one of the highest numbers to 
be achieved. 
The headline profitability that we have achieved in our standalone numbers at an I -
GAAP basis is extremely strong on core managed workspace operations. So 
normalized Cash EBIT for FY26 is INR36.55 crores, which is 21.38 percentage margin. 
At an industry parlance, 15 to 18 percentage is assumed to be a better outcome. We 
have exceeded that industry peers as well. 
The Standalone normalized PBT for FY26 has been achieved at a number of INR20 
crores . And this has been the second consecutive year wherein we have achieved a 
positive normalized profit before tax, which is supported by operating leverage from 
our mature centers and efficiencies that we have built in our operations.  
For the last quarter, the consolidated revenue stood at INR59 crores. One of the key 
highlights of the fourth quarter has been the go -live of our dream project of Capital 
One campus on Ambli Bopal Road. I still recall that we signed this asset back in 2022, 
wherein Tier 2 cities were not looked upon as the frontiers for flexible office spaces. 
It is a 19- story building with 3.15 lakh square feet. That entire asset has been pre -
leased by us with a 95 percentage occupancy achieved even before going live.  
Immediately after we received business operations or the OC of the asset, the next 
month itself we had operations running in that premises. The asset is EBITDA positive 
from day one, and we would be achieving a revenue run rate of INR2.65 crores to 
INR2.75 crores per month. The revenue from this center would be reflecting in our 
books from Q1 FY27. 
Let me now elaborate a little bit on what we are actually building at DevX, because 
the opportunity here is not just the quarterly numbers but the entire platform that 
produces this number. 
India as a country today hosts 1,800 global capability centers, employing more than 
1.6 million professionals. And this workforce is on track to cross 2 million 
professionals within the current calendar year. 
Crucially, GCCs are now no longer confined to metros. Hiring in Tier 2 cities is growing 
at a massive 21 percentage year -on-year, because it gives them cost arbitrage of 35 
percentage over Tier 1 city on real estate and availability of a massive digital sk illed 
talent pool of 800,000 professionals. Today, India looks towards Bharat to achieve a 
$5 trillion economy of our honourable Prime Minister by 2030. 
[page 5]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
The Indian flexible workspace market has already crossed 100 million square feet of 
stock, and it is expected to reach $11.4 billion in valuation by 2030. This is a structural 
migration, and this probably ignites or starts the dream that we had thought of back 
in 2018 when we were starting DevX. It is our deliberate choice to focus on Tier 2 
cities and create that as our strong foundation. 
While DevX is focusing on operating managed office spaces in Tier 2 city, our real 
differentiating factor is in creating institutional grade supply in markets where land 
ownership is unorganized, fragmented, and non-institutional. 
Our proprietary land owner first development management model, which we had 
introduced a couple of years ago, partners us, that is DevX, directly with non-
institutional land owners. What we bring on the table for land owners is strong 
capability execution skill sets, technical specifications, construction discipline, GCC 
and institutional client relationships, and a confirmed demand over a longer period 
of time. 
This also gives land owner ownership of the asset for long -term basis, which in turn 
helps them to generate 30 percentage higher returns as compared to traditional 
leasing arrangements. What DevX builds for them is a grade A+ asset, which is 
specifically designed for institutional clients, including GCCs. 
As DevX, we are not putting the construction risk or the land risk onto our balance 
sheet. What we are committing is operational expertise and lease obligation against 
assets where we have already received a committed demand. This is one of the strong 
key moats for us. It is 100 percentage asset -light, and it also solves the biggest 
constraint in the country and specifically for institutional clients looking for office 
spaces, is the availability of grade A supply in Tier 2 cities. 
The micro market called Ambli Bopal in Ahmedabad is an example how this model 
works at scale. In the entire last year, which is FY26, DevX has signed and secured 
approximately 15.75 lakh square feet of contracted space in one micro market. I'll 
break that down for you to understand. 3.15 lakh square feet at Capital One, wherein 
we have delivered that asset, achieved 95 percentage occupancy levels even before 
going live. 
It has 4,000 seats, which is anchored by one of our largest client which has been with 
us since last six years, Manubhai & Shah. Typically, a similar size asset gets leased in 
12 to 18 months of time frame. The single client, Manubhai & Shah, has contracte d 
with us for a yearly revenue of INR110 crores. 
[page 6]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
• The second asset is 8.1 lakh square feet, which also starts our development management journey in 
the city. We have committed an investment of INR100 crores across four years, which will ultimately 
help us achieve an annualized revenue of INR120 crores with 80 percentage occupancy and 8,500 
seats. Recently, in this last quarter, we also signed 4.5 Lakh square feet in an asset called under Stright 
lease model Ambli–Bopal corridor, funded through a preferential issue. 
. 
Three contracted assets, one single micro market, almost 16 lakh square feet in a 
single corridor. This is what we intend to build in other Tier 2 cities as well. Identify 
certain corridors wherein we can grow stronger, which ultimately creates a challenge 
for our peers to enter that micro market. 
And this is 100 percentage replicable as it is asset-light for us. We have already started 
land owner conversations in multiple cities, in multiple Tier 2 cities to say so, in 
Indore, Jaipur, Surat, Baroda. These are few of the cities wherein we are alread y 
present. We understand the ecosystem strongly, and we now would be growing 
stronger in those micro markets. There would be few development management 
partnerships that we would be announcing in this FY27. 
Underpinning this strategic platform, I'll run you through certain operating metrics 
that are the indicators of our revenue durability. On client side, 65 percentage of our 
revenue comes from enterprise clients, which is on built-to-suit contracts. So typically 
an enterprise client would come to us, share the requirements, and we would design 
and build their entire office right from scratch. Hence, we call it built -to-suit. 65 
percentage of our revenue comes from such nature of the contract.  
The client retention is unheard of. We have a 99.7 percentage retention this year, 
almost negligible 0.003 percentage of churn that we achieved last year. Amongst our 
clients of 300 plus, the average lock-in that we have is of 34 months. One-third of our 
clients, that is more than 100 clients with us, are present with us in multiple cities.  
So the revenue base is structurally contracted and not transactional in nature. The 
typical industry average of rent-to-revenue ratio is 2.2x in Tier 1 cities. While the cities 
that we operate in, we have been able to achieve a rent -to-revenue ratio of 2.4 x in 
FY26. 
On our subsidiaries, which is our design and build, Needle & Thread, we were able to 
achieve a INR52.3 crores revenue with 7.2 percentage EBITDA margin. Just to help 
everyone recall, we started this company as a back office for DevX to build offices 
only for DevX. Since we were able to build processes and make it stronger, we now 
offer it as a full -fledged solution to external clients as well. And we were recently 
[page 7]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
recognized as India's most futuristic interior design and build firm 2026 and a revenue 
of INR52.3 crores. As an organization, we are extremely proud of this achievement.  
Our technology subsidiary, which is SaaSjoy Solutions, continues to scale on providing 
recruitment, payroll, and HRMS solutions to our GCC clients, wherein we intend to 
position ourselves as a full-stack offering to our GCC leads that we interact with. It is 
also heartening to mention that as an organization we were named co-working start-
up of the year at the Economic Times Entrepreneur Awards 2026 for the second 
consecutive year. 
Sharing thoughts on the capital structure, we recently raised, our board recently 
approved a preferential issue of INR35 crores, which was largely to fund the growth 
and take up a 4.5 lakh square feet with Winston as an asset. Out of this INR35 crores, 
INR15 crores had been subscribed directly by the promoter and promoter group 
through convertible warrants, and additional INR20 Crores coming in from non-
promoter investors. The promoter participation is a clear signal of our internal 
conviction in the asset and the corridor strategy that we are building up.  
Q1 FY27, we are anticipating a significant capital event through monetization of our 
holding in one of our subsidiaries, wherein we are building almost 0.5 million square 
feet. That capital event would result into a liquidity of INR110 crores to INR120 crores 
within DevX. 
Largely, the priority of utilization of the funds would be to accelerate growth across 
the country and build similar corridors like Ambli Bopal in at least four to five cities 
across the nation, establish development management partnerships with land 
owners based in Tier 2 cities so that it can strengthen our future supply and obviously 
strengthen our balance sheet. The board has also approved a non- convertible 
debenture issuance at a project level to further optimize our financing mix.  
To help you on an outlook of FY27 and FY28, we would be, we are planning to invest 
roughly INR200 crores to INR225 crores in the next two years of time frame, which 
practically would empower us to reach from current 1.2 million square feet to 3 
million square feet of operational area by FY28. 
This substantial portion of this capacity that is getting added in our books is already 
contracted from the demand side as well as from the supply side, which has a mix of 
ready-to-use buildings and development management partnerships that we are 
signing up. 
[page 8]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
FY26 has been the year DevX transitioned from a flexible workspace operator in Tier 
2 city to becoming an institutional infrastructure platform for the GCC migration and 
institutional migration into Tier 2 cities. 
We have delivered our highest revenue, our highest margins in the last eight years of 
our journey, and the largest contract not only in the company's history but also across 
the industry history by contracting 8.1 lakh square feet of single managed office space 
asset. And this is just getting started. This is first year of full operational entity as a 
public listed company. 
We are not compromising on unit economics, neither on balance sheet quality. With 
this business model, we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on the upcoming 
opportunities and the future scale-up. 
I thank you everybody for your continued support. I'll now open up the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. 
Please go ahead. 
Urmish Shah: Yes, hope I'm audible. 
Moderator: Yes. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Yes, we can hear you. 
Urmish Shah: Sir, my question is on the mature occupancy first. In FY26, we saw a very steep decline 
because we have maintained the range of plus 90s and in FY26 we are at 70. So and 
also the occupied seats have gone on the lower side or have been stagnant. So could 
you just throw some color on that? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you so much for the question. 
Urmish Shah: Sir, your voice is cracking. 
Parin Shah: Yes. Thank you so much for your question. I just wanted to give you the understanding 
about the maturity center. Earlier, whatever the number we have presented in the 
investor presentation, where we are presenting the occupancy understanding is the 
more t han 85 percentage of the across all the centers, that's why we consider a 
mature center. 
[page 9]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
But then now, considering the operational efficiency and we consider and putting a 
benchmark at a higher level, so basically we say that the 100 percentage occupancy 
is the higher benchmark for the business. 
So considering the 70% mature centers, like we are saying that out of whatever the 
area we are managing, like 0.83 million square feet, 70% of all the centers are 
achieving a 100% occupancy. So basically we don't want to change the previous 
numbers, that's why we see the dip in the occupancy percentage in a mature center. 
Urmish Shah: Then sir, why were you considering 85% before? 
Parin Shah: So in an industry, all other players or we basically 85% is the right metric where we 
generate the more revenues and more than break -even. So that's why in earlier we 
have understanding and internal discussion like 85% is the right benchmark and the 
right metric to evaluate the business. But then we also see that we if we can also 
achieve the more than 85%, that is good for the business. So that's why we keeping 
our benchmark high, so that's why we updating the numbers at a mature center.  
Urmish Shah: Okay. And you know, if I see Q4 numbers on a consol basis, year-on-year our revenue 
has gone down a bit and also the margins. So and how do you see the industry outlook 
going forward for FY27? So you know, will these margins be sustained or will we be 
back on FY25 margins? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So if you dig down in the numbers, at a standalone metric, the numbers have not 
dipped. In fact, the margins have slightly improved as well. Next, across the year if 
you see, we have been able to achieve a higher margin number as compared to the 
previous year. So just to contextually help you, we have achieved a revenue of INR170 
crores at a standalone basis. 
Urmish Shah: Sir, I'm talking about quarter four year-on-year. I'm not talking about the full year. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So, quarter four year -on-year we have achieved a revenue of INR59 crores. You are 
comparing that with previous year or this year? 
Urmish Shah: I am comparing quarter four FY26 to quarter four FY25. On standalone basis, the 
margin, I'm talking about EBITDA margin, sir. Obviously, the drop has been there, but 
it's flat, but I just wanted to know the reason. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So there has been a dip in the revenue compared to last quarter because one of the 
asset that we were operating in Noida, that we had closed down. And that was the 
primary reason why that dip of that revenue comes in on compared to previous 
[page 10]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
quarter. On the EBITDA percentage, we are almost kind of achieving the similar 
outcome. 
Urmish Shah: Right. So why was the Noida asset shut down? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: The Noida asset was typically operated by a land owner which was going through a 
very difficult phase. And the common area maintenance was their responsibility. And 
the asset was not being able to maintained or managed by them. And we were not 
happy with the services that were being rendered to us. 
 So, there were instances wherein the elevators were getting stopped on a recurring 
basis, the AHUs, I mean the systems from where the ACs were being powered, they 
were not being serviced and maintained in a rightful manner. So, we were extremely 
unhappy wi th the services. And that was the primary reason why we had to close 
down this center. 
Urmish Shah: Okay. And as brokerage as a percentage of revenue from ops has also been a bit on 
the lower side compared to FY25, if I see that correctly. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Correct. So typically --  in our business, how it, Yes, I'll run you through that, sir. So 
typically, in our business, when we take up a new center, that is the time when we 
see higher amount of quantum of brokerages kind of getting in the, getting 
registered. Last six months largely has been delivery of the centers that we have 
already contracted earlier. So the conviction of me saying a revenue number six, 
seven months before was largely coming up because of those pre- committed 
agreements, signing agreements with the clients. 
And for those, brokerages were already paid beforehand. Having said that, our 
brokerages payout is way better as per industry standards because 65 percentage of 
our leasing in Gujarat happens directly, while 35 comes, 35 percentage of revenue 
comes from br okerages. When it comes outside Gujarat, we have a 50 -50 ratio 
wherein 50 percentage of our client comes directly and 50% comes from the 
brokerage or channel partners. 
Urmish Shah: Right. So, one question before I join back. You know, how do you see the industry 
going forward? You know, obviously we are not directly impacted by the geopolitical 
situation, but you know, the government calling for work from home again and you 
know, th ings like that. So, do you see certain shift in the industry or how do you 
foresee the, I mean, just as an outlook? 
[page 11]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sure, sure. So, I have always been sharing on these lines that whatever we see with 
respect to digital payments, the UPI numbers that have kind of extrapolated in the 
recent years, the credit goes to demonetization and COVID. The adoption of 
technology fr om all users came largely because of these two primary drivers. The 
same thing what demonetization did for digital payment gateway is what COVID has 
done or hybrid work culture has done for flexible office space.  
Geopolitical tensions obviously should curtail down. It is extremely not the right 
situation for the country and the world to be in. We are obviously standing strong 
against those measures. But it is definitely acting as an advantage for the entire sector 
and the industry. The moment the hybrid culture becomes much more prominent, 
much more better, and much more adopted, the better it is for the flexible office 
space sector overall. 
Because I'll cite an example. One of our biggest client, I cannot name the client 
because of the contractual agreement, but one of the Fortune 500 companies which 
is sitting with us in Jaipur, they have 485 people that are working from that city. The 
number of seats that they have signed up with us is 240. So they are almost having 
one seat for two people that are working in that city. So it gives them the flexibility 
to design their workplace which can accommodate hybrid culture. 
So what we, we actually empower that. So tomorrow any organization wants to 
inculcate a hybrid work culture, we give them our technology access wherein each 
individual that is working in the office gets to pre-book a seat and then come to office. 
So that e mpowers the organization as well to enable people to come to offices on 
few days of the week. And that is where the power of flexible workspace comes into 
play. 
Urmish Shah: Okay, sir. That helps. I'll join back to the queue for further questions. Thank you.  
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aniket Rade, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Rade: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So sir, I have few questions. First, can you share 
the contribution from the enterprise client versus the start-up client contribution? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So, we have 65% of our revenue coming in from enterprise client, wherein the 
average lock-in is 34 months. 
[page 12]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Aniket Rade: Okay. And what about the start-up client? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: And these are all built -to-suit. So in our client profile or client mix, all the enterprise 
clients that we have wherein we do built-to-suit, we have almost negligible exposure 
in the start- up sector. We do have start -ups using our offices, but that is la rgely on 
the co-working side, which is contributing 6% of our revenue. 
Aniket Rade: Okay. Okay. So, just to compare with the both, most of the demand is from the 
enterprise client only. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Right. Right. Enterprise, institutional clients, and GCCs. 
Aniket Rade: And sir, what is the trend in the seat addition and the occupancy during the, during 
the FY26 and what is our target for FY27? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: What is the trend in FY26? 
Aniket Rade: Yes, yes. In terms of the seat addition and occupancy? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So we were 13,304 seats in FY26, wherein 4,000 seats got added in last quarter, that 
is Q4 FY26, but the revenue would be coming in Q1 2027. So today if you ask me, we 
are at 17 and a half thousand seats. 
Aniket Rade: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And sir, just to try to more on this Bangalore related. So 
earlier we had, you had mentioned that the expansion plans about the new centers 
including the Bangalore. So can you throw some light on it? In terms of the rollout 
and timeline and expected capex. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Absolutely. So we have a healthy mix of our expansion in Tier 2 cities and tier -1 city. 
Our Tier 2 city proposition is having a presence of 65% of our portfolio and Tier 1 cities 
we have a exposure of 35 percentage. On the same lines, just to balance that 
portfolio, we have added 1.1 lakh square feet of area in Bangalore. Actually, we have 
partnered with one of the largest developers there, which is called Prestige.  
 We have partnered with them and we have taken up two assets from them on Outer 
Ring Road. So just to contextually help everybody understand, Outer Ring Road is 
where 40 percentage of the entire leasing happens in Bangalore. Bangalore does 22 
million square feet of leasing on an annual basis. So technically 10 million square feet 
gets leased on a year-on-year basis just in that stretch of Outer Ring Road. 
[page 13]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Aniket Rade: Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. And sir, one last question. As we raised the fund through 
this NCDs, so what is the intended utilization of this fund and how are we going to 
use this? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sure. So we are actually planning for an investment of total INR220 crores to INR230 
odd crores. The break -up of this is in three phases. One, we have, we have taken a 
board approval for INR100 crores of NCDs. We are expecting a liquidity event of 
INR110 crores to 120 crores from the proceeds of certain asset and the preferential 
allotment of INR35 crores. 
With that total, total investment would be deployed across two years of time frame 
from the current 1.2 million square feet, which is FY26 being 0.84 million square feet 
and an additional of 0.3 million square feet with Capital One, that is 1.2 million square 
feet. 
From here on, we intend to add additional 3 million square feet with this extra 
liquidity of, with this extra capital infusion of INR220 crores to INR230 crores.  
Aniket Rade: Okay. Perfect. Got it. Got it, sir. And sir, one, are you seeing any pricing pressure or 
increased competition from such key operating markets? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: On the demand side, we are not seeing any pressure. On the supply side, there was 
certain crunch of critical supply chain or probably value chain product, like for a short 
period the availability of tiles was not there because of unavailability of gas and  our 
suppliers kind of not operating during that period. But now the supply chain seems 
to be, you know, streamlined. We have availability of labor as well on site and all the 
raw material which was there is now accessible. 
Aniket Rade: Got it. Got it, sir. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best for the future.  
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nikita Mehta, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikita Mehta: Thank you. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. So, I have couple of questions. Sir, one 
is how much contribution is expected from our non- core businesses like Needle & 
Thread and SaaSjoy over the next two to three years? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Well, so in terms of revenue, they are contributors roughly around 20-25 percentage 
towards the revenue. But I would not probably categorize them in non- core domain 
[page 14]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
because both entities kind of play a very strategic role in the journey that we are kind 
of creating for ourselves. So design and build entity, Needle & Thread, plays a very 
pivotal role in giving commitment to our end clients that we would deliver their office 
from day one to the day when they enter the office anywhere between 75 to 90 days 
of time frame. 
So that commitment or that conviction to commit within that time frame comes 
because of the resources that we have built, the processes that we have created in 
the last four years of time frame. Second, going forward and currently as well, GCCs 
are now bec oming a very strong contributor to office space leasing in India. And to 
attract GCCs, we need to be a full-fledged solution provider. 
And that is where the other subsidiary SaaSjoy Solutions plays a role. So the 
recruitment, payroll, technology stack, all of that offering comes under that umbrella. 
So both the subsidiaries play a very pivotal role in ensuring or probably defining as to 
what we intend to achieve in the next couple of years. 
Nikita Mehta: Okay. Okay, sir. I think, Yes --  
Umesh Uttamchandani: Did I answer that correctly? 
Nikita Mehta: Yes, Yes. Okay. Sir, I have one more question. Like, can you explain the economies of 
development management model versus the straight lease? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Super. I think, I mean, this helps me to address the model that we are extremely 
proud of. So one fundamental challenge that our country has today in Tier 2 cities 
specifically is the unavailability of institutional grade supply. So when a larger 
enterprise client comes to any Tier 2 city, they literally feel that they do not belong 
here because the quality of supply, quality of assets that are available here are not to 
the state that they are used to operating from. 
And we identified this challenge. So what we are doing here is we partner with land 
owners, tell them that we would be leasing this asset, we would be bringing in clients, 
and it's our commitment to bring in the client. However, the infusion of capital to 
build the asset is to be done by the land owner. 
So we charge them an fee for managing and designing that asset. The revenue that 
we generate is a per square feet revenue which ranges anywhere between INR300 to 
INR500 per square feet, which spans across two years to four years of time frame. So 
if I'm building an asset of let's say 4 lakh square feet, my revenue at the books of DevX 
would be anywhere between INR12 crores to INR20 crores. 
[page 15]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
That is what our fees would be to the land owner. And the land owner would be 
contractually binded to invest for building an asset which is grade A+ quality, which 
is, which is pertaining to certain specifications of technicalities and even building a 
green building asset. 
Nikita Mehta: Okay. Okay, sir. I think, Yes, I think that was great. It answers my question and thank 
you, sir, so much for this opportunity. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you. Thank you, Nikita. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sana, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sana: Hi, sir. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have few questions 
on the margins. Sir, can you please tell us if the margins will remain stable if the 
company accelerate expansion into newer cities? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: I think that's a very interesting question. Internally as promoters we kind of keep on 
discussing this. So fundamentally when we started this company, we achieved the 
profitability in first year itself. With scale, we realized that till this point we have been 
extremely hands-on into doing things. The next wave of growth, that is from this 1.2 
million square feet to adding more 3 million square feet in the next two years of time 
frame, will obviously be requiring more brains and more leadership team in the 
system. 
The moment that comes in, it can result into two outcomes. Either we become way 
efficient than what we were earlier, or probably we lose out on track and there arises 
some leakages in the system. The other option becomes a probability if we as 
promoters are not hands-on. Our daily time in our personal life is coming to office at 
morning 10, 10:30 and leaving the office premises. Is this better? Can you hear me 
now? Am I audible? 
Moderator: Sana, can you hear the speaker? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Am I audible to you? 
Moderator: Sana, can you hear? Since there is no reply from the line of Ms. Sana, we will move to 
the next participant. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sure. 
[page 16]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vikrant Sahoo with RK Advisory. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikrant Sahu: Hi, sir. I just have few questions. Like how much free cash flow generation do you 
expect in FY27? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So how much? 
Vikrant Sahu: Free cash flow generation do you expect in FY27? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So if you see, I mean, the core per, I mean, strength of the business is the fact that 
the availability of free cash flows empowers us to kind of scale rampantly. So the cash 
EBIT item that you see in our books, that is ranging between 21 to 22 percentage, has 
been very steady since last couple of years. So next year, at a revenue run rate of 330 
to 350 Crores, we expect to have a cash EBIT of 21 to 22 percentage. 
Vikrant Sahu: And one more question I have, like how scalable and replicable is the Ambli Bopal 
development model across other key cities and micro markets?  
Umesh Uttamchandani: Well, that is actually what we are trying to do right now. So the journey that we live 
in every city is between two years to four years of time frame. So let's take an 
hypothetical example of Jaipur. Today in Jaipur we are almost 1.2 lakh square feet of 
area which is operational. We have spent three years in the city. In these three years, 
we have identified who all are our vendors, who can be the developers that we 
partner with, and what is the probable list of clientele that we can ca ter to. Once we 
establish this understanding in the system, the next step is to build what we have 
built in at Ambli Bopal. So we would start growing vertically in all those cities wherein 
we are present beyond two to three years of time frame. 
Vikrant Sahu: Okay, sir. And one more question, and like what are the management's top three 
priorities for FY27? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So first and foremost priority is to bring in senior leadership team at multiple city level 
so that we can kind of build autonomous growth at an across the organization but 
driven from those specific cities. That's the first agenda. 
Second is to become AI native in nature. So currently we are building and developing 
lot of micro tools which are helping us increase our productivity. We in fact hosted 
an AI hackathon for our internal team members, wherein the entire team participated 
and they came up with solutions that we had never thought of. 
[page 17]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
So the objective in the next one year would be to become complete AI native and 
build certain processes which can scale massively. That's second. And third is identify 
at least 5 to 7 Lakh square feet of projects under development management model 
in the next 12 months of time frame. These are three priorities I would say so for us.  
Vikrant Sahu: Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arvind Singh with Manthan Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Arvind Singh: Hello, am I audible, sir? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Yes, Yes, absolutely. I can hear you. 
Arvind Singh: Sir, good afternoon. My question is on the broader terms, like there is there is lot of 
talking about the -- IT services are replacing by AI. So how do you see this trend in 
terms of the real estate, like majority of the -- majority of the occupancy is driven by 
the IT industry. So how do you see this trend? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Correct. I totally resonate with this question. In fact, there was one of the fear that 
was in our brains probably five, six months ago when AI was kind of becoming very 
prominent. What we did was we started speaking with all our existing clients to pick 
up their brains and understand as to what are they thinking on the lines of what AI is 
doing. 
What we ultimately realized, all the noise that is happening outside these companies, 
wherein IT companies' stocks being bashed out, their news wherein larger IT 
companies are relieving people, all those negative news, what is getting created as 
noise, when we spoke with these companies internally because they use our offices 
daily, and we don't see any churn within them. 
When we had a good elongated conversation with them, what we realized is that 
earlier they used to let's say target 15 industries. Now they are able to have 
conversations with at least 30 -35 industries. Second, the projects that they used to 
take and deliv er in a time frame of 18 to 24 months, now they are able to deliver 
those projects in 9 to 12 months of time frame. 
So ultimately what we are sensing and what they are echoing is in the next 15 to 24 
months of time frame, their margins are going to shoot up drastically than what has 
[page 18]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
happened in the last decade. Their productivity is going to blast out. Sorry, you were 
saying something. 
Arvind Singh: Yes, yes, sir. Much appreciated your response. But sir, you have said correctly they 
have lot of productivity gain, but my issue is that, if we look at the data then the 
number of addition of the job has subdued or I think it has de-grown in the IT industry. 
So it will impact some way or the other way the occupancy and the real estate area 
required for the IT industry. So that's the point I want to know. The number of ….  
Umesh Uttamchandani: On that only, I'm answering. Since the productivity is increasing, they are bound to 
add more number of people. What we are witnessing -- so you create a funnel in your 
brain which is an open- ended funnel. Right? On one side, there is an influx of talent 
which was pushed in let's say in 2020 -2021 when there was massive outburst of 
projects that all these IT companies got. 
 Now, this entire tunnel is packed with people. Now, suddenly, AI comes in. The 
projects are already there. Right? The business is there. Now, this tunnel needs to be 
filled in with people who are extremely adoptive on AI technologies. If those set of 
people which are in this tunnel are not adopting the technology, they will be moved 
out of the tunnel but they will be mandatorily replaced by people who understand 
using the technologies which are currently required. 
So, to answer your question, is real estate going down the drain because of talent 
pool being fired by these IT companies and that sector being one of the largest 
consumers of real estate? I think it is the other way around. That funnel or the tunnel 
that I am referring to needs to be packed in with more number of people. It is 
probably getting drained by a set of people who are not able to adopt the newer 
technologies. 
Arvind Singh: Okay. Great, sir. Sir, I think I have a data point that TCS and other big firms are hiring 
less and less from the campus recruitment. So, that's the point I want to highlight. If 
you can? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Correct, sir. We all have that data point. Times of India had this news published in the 
newspaper wherein India from the top five IT -ITES companies hired 1,500 net new 
people in the last year, wherein somebody fired 11,000 people, somebody hired 
4,000 people, somebody fired 10,000 people and all that stuff. So that is, I mean, I'm 
addressing that point only, sir. 
[page 19]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
You need to create that tunnel in your brain right now. Imagine, imagine yourself, 
imagine a pipe, a water pipe, right, wherein the water is flowing. Till this point, the 
end point was choked up, so there was the entire pipe was filled with water. Today, 
the end point is opened up and the new influx of water is being putting, put into that 
pipe. 
What eventually would happen is that pipe would be filled with water which can 
understand what these newer technologies are. It cannot be a fact that we continue 
with individuals, people in the system which are not able to or not willing to retrain 
themselves. If it is a business, then people will be needed. So that is a mandatory 
outcome. 
Arvind Singh: Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Atul Daga with Daga Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Daga: Hi, sir. Congrats. Sir, just two questions. What are the milestones should investors 
track over the next four quarters? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: As I just said, there's, I mean, before IPO I fondly remember during the roadshows, I 
was kind of sharing as to what has been signed by us. And we forecasted a revenue 
of INR225 crores. Today, by God's grace, we have been able to achieve INR226 crores 
of revenue. In our business, there's certain predictability as well. So for the next two 
years, what you need to track us is how much we are adding in terms of the supply 
that we are committing today. 
 So if I'm committing a 3 Million square feet of area in the next two years of time 
frame, how much are we adding on a quarter-on-quarter basis? And probably where 
are we on that supply which we have signed up? That's one. 
Second, the demand that has been contracted for all these 3 million square feet. The 
moment this supply gets ready, are the clients that we have signed up ready to 
consume that supply at the same time, or is there a gap in that? So that's the second 
thing that you should track up on. 
The third thing, as my shareholder, what is the leadership team that I'm building in 
the next two years of time frame? I think that is the third most critical aspect that I 
should be monitored on. And certain fundamental things, am I ensuring that my cash 
EBIT remains in the range of 20 to 22 percentage? Am I ensuring that my rent -to-
revenue ratio is more than 2.2x? And am I ensuring that my debt -to-equity ratio is 
[page 20]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
less than one? I think these are some of the hygiene things that I should be, you know, 
tracked up on. 
Atul Daga: Got it, sir. Got it. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Did I answer that? 
Atul Daga: Yes. Sir, the second question that I had was does management expect FY27 to be 
more, you know, back-end loaded in terms of revenue recognition? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Back-end loaded? 
Atul Daga: Hello? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sorry, the question was, sir, will the management expect back-end loaded revenue in 
FY27? 
Atul Daga: In terms of revenue recognition. How do you see that for the year 2027?  
Umesh Uttamchandani: So, you'll have to help me with the term back-end loaded. 
Atul Daga: Can you specify how the revenue recognition is going to differ from FY26, FY27?  
Umesh Uttamchandani: So, for the first two quarters this year, we can expect the revenue to be coming in 
from couple of assets that were in pipeline, which is Capital One and Million Minds 
and one asset in Pune. So, the first two quarters would have revenue recognized from 
these few assets. There are few other assets which are in pipeline, which can be going 
live in the quarter three. 
So that quarter I'm assuming to be slightly slower in terms of newer revenue to be 
added. But these two quarters would definitely be pumped up with new addition of 
revenues. And last quarter would again get pumped up with the delivery of half a 
million square feet of asset in Ahmedabad. So that is how currently I would break it 
up with respect to revenue that we are forecasting. 
Atul Daga: Got it, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vraj Shah with Tycho Ventures 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
[page 21]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Vraj Shah: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So most of my questions have been answered. I 
just have one question. The revenue that we are projecting for FY27, INR330 crores 
to INR350 crores. So, can you -- can we expect that the majority of the growth over 
FY26 will be coming from the Capital One center, the remaining capacity that is 
required that is pending to be utilized? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: No, sir. So Capital One would be contributing 0.3 million square feet, that is, I mean, 
on a revenue terms it's anywhere between INR2.6 crores to INR2.75 crores monthly. 
But on top of that, in the coming three quarters, there are at least four -five assets 
which are, which are going live. There's one asset on Vaishnodevi, which is Million 
Minds, which was, the asset was recently inaugurated by our Honourable Home 
Minister. We have 84,000 square feet there. 
` Then we have 40 odd thousand square feet in Pune. We have 0.5 million square feet 
going live in the last quarter of this year in Ahmedabad. Then we have other three -
four assets which are on the verge of kind of getting signed up, which are demand-
backed, which I'm sure at least couple of them would materialize in the next couple 
of quarters. And so this is in terms of the existing contractual demand and supply.  
Then we have just the supply, which is 1,10,000 square feet that we have signed up 
with Prestige. That would start the, we'll start the fit-outs from 1st of June. So we can 
expect the revenue in the month of August mid or end. Then we have 2,00,000 square 
feet coming up in Pune.  
The possession that we'll get up, that is in September or October. So we can expect 
the revenue to start hitting in the books in the month of January. So there's a strong 
pipeline that is kind of coming up. Capital One probably I'm assuming would be just 
like 20-25 percentage of the future supply that's coming up. 
Vraj Shah: Noted, noted. That was helpful. And sir, what would be the approximate interest rate 
that would be charging on the issuance of the debentures? 
Umesh Uttamchandani: Sorry, what would be the? 
Vraj Shah: What would be the interest rate that will charge in for the -- for the –  Yes, Yes, sir, 
cost for the debentures?  
Umesh Uttamchandani: We are looking to kind of issue debentures in the range of 11 to 12 percentage.  
Vraj Shah: All right, sir. And by when can we see the impact of this coming? 
[page 22]
        Dev Accelerator Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Umesh Uttamchandani: So, we are earmarking a total issue of INR100 crores. We would be issuing those 
debentures as and when we are ready with the properties. 
Vraj Shah: Okay. All right, sir. Yes. Thank you. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached 
the end of the question- and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Umesh Uttamchandani, Managing Director, Dev Accelerator Limited for closing 
comments. 
Umesh Uttamchandani: First of all, thank you so much everybody for joining us today and sharing your 
questions with us. It gives us strong confidence when our shareholders are actively 
participating in our growth story. Our focus absolutely remains on ensuring that we 
are generating value for all our stakeholders. Thank you so much for joining on the 
call again. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Dev Accelerator Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
