[page 1]
     
 
 
 Indiqube Spaces Limited  
 (formerly known as Indiqube Spaces Private Limited, Innovent Spaces Private Limited)                                 info@indiqube.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Registered and Corporate Office:                                                                                                                                   www.indiqube.com 
 Plot # 53, Careernet Campus, Kariyammanna Agrahara Road, Devarabisanahalli,                                                   +91 9900092210 
 Outer Ring Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560103                                                                                                 
 CIN - L45400KA2015PLC133523                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                           
 
 
                                                                                                                                          May 27, 2026 
To, 
 
BSE Limited, 
20th Floor, P .J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544454 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INDIQUBE 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts call held on May 21, 2026 
 
This has reference to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts call held on Thursday,  
May 21, 2026, on the financial results for the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2026. Further, the 
transcript of the aforesaid Investors/ Analysts call shall be made available on the website of the Company at 
the following link: https://indiqube.com/investor/financials/.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
For Indiqube Spaces Limited 
 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey  
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“IndiQube Spaces Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
 
   
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI DAS – CHAIRMAN, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, INDIQUBE SPACES 
LIMITED 
MS. MEGHNA AGARWAL – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INDIQUBE SPACES 
LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS KUMAR AGRAWAL – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS), INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
MR. VAMSI CHATRATHI – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT 
(MARKETING), INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. KARAN KHANNA – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability purposes  and may contain errors. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 

[page 3]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the IndiQube Spaces Limited Q4 FY26 Results 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode , and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Karan Khanna. Thank you, and over to you. 
Karan Khanna: Good afternoon, everyone.  I would like to welcome you all to the Q 4 and FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call for IndiQube Spaces Limited. 
From the Management, we have with us Mr. Rishi Das – CEO, Ms. Meghna Agarwal –  COO, 
Mr. Pawan Jain –  CFO, Mr. Vikas Agarwal –  Head (IR) and Mr. Vamsi Chatrathi  – AVP 
(Marketing). 
We would like to now begin the call with opening remarks from the Management , post which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Thank you, and over to you, Rishi and Meghna. 
Rishi Das: This is Rishi. Good afternoon, everyone , and thank you for joining us for the IndiQube Spaces 
Limited  Earnings Call. It is my pleasure to welcome our shareholders, analysts, investors , and 
all participants joining us today. 
Our Earnings Presentation has been uploaded to the Stock Exchanges and on our Website, and 
we trust you have had an opportunity to go through it. 
FY26 has been a landmark year for IndiQube . We delivered record performance across key 
financial metrics supported by strong revenue growth, continued margin expansion,  and a 
significant strengthening of profitability. 
We achieved our highest-ever revenue of INR 1,469 crores, representing a growth of 37% year-
on-year. EBITDA crossed the INR 300 crore milestone and is growing at 60% year-on-year. 
Profit after tax improved sharply by 145% to INR 125 crores. Equally important to us is the fact 
that this growth has been accompanied by consistent margin improvement.  EBITDA margin 
expanded from 18% in FY25 to 21% in FY26. PAT  margin improved from 5% to 9% over the 
same period. Our cash flow from operations also strengthened significantly, increasing 147% 
year-on-year to INR 304 crores. In a year marked by geopolitical volatility and broader 
[page 4]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 18 
uncertainty around the impact of AI on businesses and workspaces, our performance 
demonstrates the resilience of our business model, the competitive advantage of our workplace 
platform, and the strength of our execution. 
On the sustainability front: 
I am pleased to share that our 4 MW solar plant in Latur, Maharashtra, is now operational. This, 
together with our operational 20 MW solar farm in Yadgir, Karnataka, and soon-to -be-
operational 2.7 MW solar farm in Virudhunagar, Tamil Nadu,  gives us strong momentum 
towards our goal of transforming our portfolio to 100% green power. 
Beyond supporting our sustainability commitments, our continued focus on green power through 
open access and rooftop solar is expected to structurally reduce our operating costs, especially 
in times like what we are today, the energy costs over a period of time, and insulate us from the 
rising energy costs. Backed by expanding profitability, stronger cash generation, continued 
sustainability progress, and our CRISIL A+ Stable rating, we remain confident in our ability to 
grow with scale, discipline, and profitability. 
With that, I will now hand over to my Co-Founder, Meghna Agarwal, who will take you through 
the operational highlights for the quarter. Thank you, Rishi. 
Meghna Agarwal: Thank you, Rishi. FY26 has been a year of continued operational discipline, focused execution, 
and steady expansion for IndiQube. 
As Rishi highlighted, our strong financial performance has resulted from consistent operational 
discipline. During the year, we have added close to 1.6 million square feet in rent -paying area 
and launched 15 new centers. The growth has been achieved while maintaining a sharp focus on 
asset quality, center maturity, and client experience. Our steady state occupancy improved from 
87% to 88%, reflecting strong utilization and sustained demand across our mature centers. This 
also demonstrates the strength of our portfolio, the relevance of our offering,  and our ability to 
drive operating leverage as centers stabilize over time. 
Alongside portfolio expansion, value -added services remain an important growth lever for us. 
The contribution to overall revenue increased to 15% compared to 12% last year. This reinforces 
our belief that VAS is a key part of the workplace value chain. 
It allows us to deepen client relationships, extract greater value from each association and 
provide a holistic workplace experience for employees. We have  always believed that the 
workspace is no longer just physical infrastructure. It is increasingly about convenience, 
productivity, engagement, and ease of use. 
[page 5]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 18 
Our technology platform MiQube continues to play an important role in this journey. Over the 
last year, MiQube recorded 1.4 million transactions, reflecting growth adoption across our client 
base. Our new space management module and the vehicle pooling feature within our transport 
module have also seen strong traction. 
For IndiQube, growth is not just about adding more space. It is about building a platform that 
brings a stronger width scale, more valuable to clients over time, and more resilient across 
changing market environments. FY26 has been an important step forward in that journey. 
It reinforces our conviction in the long-term opportunity ahead and in our ability to execute with 
discipline, innovation, and client-centricity. 
With that, we look forward to addressing our questions on the Q&A session. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
the first question from Shamit Ashar. Please go ahead. 
Shamit Asher: My first question was that your occupancies have dipped to around 80% this quarter versus 85% 
in the previous one. Whilst your area addition has only increased by approximately 0.11 million 
square feet. So, is this dip because of a temporary reshuffling in your client portfolio? And 
secondly, I would like to know your CAPEX. In the last call, you had guided that CAPEX for 
the whole year would be similar to the range of 1H, which was approximately INR 180 crores. 
So, around INR 360 crores was your CAPEX guidance in the previous call. However, the actual 
numbers came in at around INR 413 crores. And also, if we look at the area addition in the 
second half, it was slightly lower than the first half. So, any possible reasons for this increase in 
CAPEX? 
Meghna Agarwal: Thank you, Shamit. There are quite a few  questions. I will try to answer one by one. On your 
occupancy dip. Firstly, occupancy of 81% is the end-of-month occupancy for March 2026. But 
if you see, the more relevant metric is the average occupancy during the year, which is about 
84%. Therefore, the actual dip is only 1%,  not 4%. And additionally, if you see, my EBITDA 
margins have increased from 18% to 21%. So, if there had been a marginal meaningful 
occupancy decline of 4%, which is not there , such margin expansion would not have been 
possible. So, that is your occupancy dip.  So, it is only 1% dip. Now , on a quarter -to-quarter 
fluctuation, it is very important for, in fact,  every one of us to understand. There are two key 
metrics we track on an annual basis and not on a quarterly basis. Those are the area, which is the 
area seat addition, or the second is the financial performance, which is about revenue and 
EBITDA. From an expansion perspective, we plan to add approximately 1.5 million square feet 
to 2 million square feet every year, which means 33,000 seats to 44,000 seats every year. And 
we aim to maintain an occupancy level of around 80% to 85% at the corporate portfolio and 
about 85% to 90% at the mature center level.  All this would translate into an overall top -line 
[page 6]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 18 
growth of approximately 25% to 30% and EBITDA of about 18% to 21%. So, quarter -wise 
fluctuation in a rent -yielding area or area addition should not be viewed in isolation. And it is 
extremely natural and can arise due to factors such as the timing of the new area addition, the 
ramp-up phase of the newly operational buildings. Overall, the important metric is that we have 
outperformed the guidance of revenue by 7%. We said about 30%, our revenue growth has been 
37%, keeping our EBITDA in 18% to 21%,  and the PAT in the range of 8% to 10% as per the 
guidance. So, quarterly fluctuation in this business would happen. So, overall, what you have to 
see is my occupancy is going below than 80% in the overall or the mature center going below 
than 85% is my EBITDA going below than 18% or my PAT going below 8%. But quarterly 
fluctuation in this business is very, very  natural. Your other question about the CAPEX.  You 
rightly said our overall CAPEX for the year starts about INR 414 crores. The CAPEX 
deployment actually is the total of CAPEX on interior, the design build, the solar investments 
and the vendor payment cycles. So, I will give you the bifurcation of that. So, INR 256 crores to 
INR 248 crores is about the CAPEX interior s. Your design-and-build, we spent about INR 50 
crores. Our solar investment was about INR 73 crores, which is for the captive use and is 
generating close to INR 22 crores to INR 23 crores of savings per year.  And our vendor 
outstanding and advances put together is about close to INR 30 crores. So, that would make an 
addition of INR 414 crores. So, delta what you are seeing is nothing, the solar investment, which 
is generating the savings of INR 20 crores to INR 23 crores. I hope I am able to answer all your 
questions. 
Shamit Asher: That was pretty helpful. And any guidance on the seat addition, revenue growth for next year, 
and the CAPEX as well? 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. So, guidance again, we have always added 1.5 million to 2 million in the rank paying area, 
which is, as I said, 33,000 to 44,000,  and we continue to do so. And that would translate to the 
same occupancy EBITDA.  So, the top -line growth, you can again see in the range of 25 % to 
30%. And my CAPEX would also be in the range of the same factors, as I said if I am adding so 
my per square feet of the CAPEX is about 1650. So, depending on the area addition, multiply 
by 1650, the similar vendor payment cycle would work,  and there would be a  CAPEX on the 
solar. So, next year, we plan to give you some kind of bifurcation of the solar so that it is much 
clearer on how much CAPEX or what kind of investment we are doing on the solar and 
sustainability initiative. 
Shamit Asher: Thank you. That’s helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Adhidev Chotopadhyay from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: Yes, good afternoon, everyone. Congratulations to the management for an excellent year. Our 
first question is mainly about our lease liability for weapons for the next year. If you could give 
[page 7]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 18 
us some directional guidance on whether it will trend in line with the growth in revenue,  or it 
may be higher or lower than that. If anything, you could guide us on the lease payments for the 
coming year. 
Rishi Das: So, yes, good afternoon, Adhidev. I think you are asking more in terms of the lease liability, 
right? 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: The INR 650 crores of payment, which you have incurred in ‘26. So, basically, will there be any 
growth in this, will it be in line with the revenue growth or lower than that or higher, whatever, 
depending on. 
Rishi Das: The voice is not at all clear. 
Meghna Agarwal: The voice is actually rougher, Adhidev. So, it's not very clear. 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: The question was mainly on our lease payment for the coming year. My question was that will 
it be in line with the revenue growth or higher or lower than that? That is, if you could give us 
some directional sense on that, that was the question. 
Meghna Agarwal: It is in line with the revenue growth. I said, yes, it would be definitely, Adhidev, in line with the 
revenue growth. The top line would be in line with 25 % to 30%, I said. So, EBITDA would be 
in the range of 18% to 21%. So, yes, the cost would be in line with the growth itself. 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: Our second question is on our solar investment. So, you said there is a saving of INR 22 crores 
to INR 23 crores, right? So, is it fully reflected in the FY26 financials? That is the first part. And 
going ahead with whatever investments you are planning in solar incrementally, any guidance 
on where this number may end up a couple of years from now in absolute terms of the utility 
savings? Yes, that is the second question. 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, basically, the depreciation of solar will be in this year because a large part of the 
deployment happened towards the lat ter part of last year. October onwards, we started getting 
systems live. So, it happened till Feb -March. So, this year is where you will see depreciation 
coming in. And as you will be aware, we will be eligible for accelerated depreciation.  And that 
will help us improve our PAT  because we have 40% accepted depreciation on solar. So, that 
should be a healthy thing for us. Now, what we are intending for the coming year is about 30-35 
megawatt of solar addition next year.  Because of what is happening now, in our internal area 
that we are adding, as we are adding more area, we are ensuring that that area is green from day 
one. So, that is one requirement. Also, we are now finding a lot of GCCs and all coming to us 
asking, they want to set up micro and mini data centers  within our facilities. We now have two 
such clients, which I must term as power guzzlers. They are consuming a lot of power. And now, 
since we are one of the very few guys who have 100% green power in a lot of our buildings. So, 
as a result of that, we have a double advantage. One, we are able to provide them with high -
[page 8]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 18 
quality infrastructure, and also provide them with green power. So, keeping in line with their 
requirements, we will also see the addition of power happening in our Karnataka, Tamil Nadu,  
and Maharashtra plants. So, we will keep adding power as our customers are going to have more 
consumption. Plus, as whatever addition of spaces is happening, that will happen. So, about 30-
35 megawatts is what we see will be the addition. And predominantly, we are focused on three 
states, as I mentioned to you, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Maharashtra, for the coming year. 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: Okay. And my final question is on the demand side. So, obviously, you talked about the AI-led 
disruption and other global factors.  But what are you seeing in  terms of the demand trend? Is 
there more demand for Flex, or how are corporates looking at it based on your conversations, I 
guess, with companies? We just understand the impact, either positive or negative, whatever you 
think, we are likely to see for the next 12 months, probably. 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, if you look at the calendar year 2025, the total office absorption, gross absorption was 
about 82.5 million square feet. And in the Q1 Calendar Year 2026, which is Jan-Feb-March, the 
absorption has been totally 20.7 million square feet. And that is quite substantial. And the way 
last year has gone, I think we'll see a repeat of that happening this year also. And within this, 
Bangalore leads the pack with about 29 %-30% market share.  And the absorption that we are 
seeing for this year looks like 5% higher than last year's  absorption. And plus whatever space I 
talked about, about 23% of this space was absorbed by Flex operators. And the GCC absorption 
has been almost 44%. So, we are seeing a very healthy uptake  of office spaces. And so far, we 
are not seeing any impact of the war. In fact, if you ask me, because of the depreciating rupee , 
which is an export-led industry, we are seeing that a lot more work will come to India, because 
now $1 is more attractive to bring to India. So, we are anticipating good growth over here. One 
more factor people are asking  about, of course, is the AI impact. So, far, we have not seen the 
impact. And when I talk about GCC, one thing we have to appreciate is that, for example, US 
banks. The US has 6,000 banks. As of date, I don't think even 60 banks have come into India.  
So, you can imagine the long tail that we are going to talk about, which is going to come over 
next 4-5 years. Plus, within the GCC segment, we are seeing a lot of diversity. We are not just 
seeing the GCC as a North American  phenomenon. As India is doing FTAs and the current 
geopolitics, we are finding a lot of European, East Asian, and global capability centers also 
coming to India in a very, very big way. And whatever was more looking like a BFSI retail kind 
of a mix, we are now seeing a lot more uniform mix where logistics, healthcare, typically, or 
manufacturing, those kinds of global shipping, mining, those kinds of global capability centers 
are also coming to India. Now, one peculiar trend about global capability centers is that they 
don't tend to hire like in 4-digit numbers. Most of them will be hiring high-quality capability in 
3-digit numbers, but the volume of GCCs that is coming in is very, very high over there. So, as 
a result of that, we see that the space absorption will be GCC-led over the next maybe couple of 
years. And high-quality mix is what we are seeing is very likely to happen. 
[page 9]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 18 
Adhidev Chotopadhyay: Okay. Thank you for the detailed answer. Yes, that answers my questions. Wish you all the best. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurabh Gilda from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Gilda: Yes. Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to get your sense on the 
trajectory for the occupied area. It has remained the same for the last three quarters, although we 
have added some areas in the operational bucket. But just if you can share something, how this 
operational area of 6.3 million square feet should pan out over the next two quarters. 
Meghna Agarwal: Sorry. So, the question is, how my area under management, which is about 9.66, would get 
converted into rent-paying area, is that the question? 
Saurabh Gilda: Yes. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. So, the area under management is about 9.66. So, it is under different stages, and it should 
get into the operational stage in about the next 18 to 24 months. 
Saurabh Gilda: So, my question was more on the occupied area, although we have seen some area getting 
operationalized, like for example, from Q1 to Q4, the total rentable area was increased from 6.5 
to 7.8, right? Although that area is getting converted into rentable, the question was how the 
trajectory for the occupied area should move. 
Meghna Agarwal: So, what I said earlier was  that we would be adding 1.5 million square feet to 2 million square 
feet every year, and our occupancy would be in the range of 80% to 85%. So, on that basis, my 
occupied area would get translated. So, we have to see everything annually. Like today, we are 
sitting at 7.84 rent -paying area, and the rent -yielding area is 6.23, which is almost like about  
81%, right? So, that is what I said.  So, quarterly, it is not the right matrix to look at. Annually, 
in a similar way, the moment we add 1.5 to 2 million, my occupancy on a portfolio level will be 
between 80% to 85%, and the mature centers would be in the range of 85 % to 90%. So, as and 
when my rent -paying area would get added, you take the occupancy percentage, accordingly, 
my rent-yielding area would be added. Did you get it? 
Saurabh Gilda: Yes, I got it. Thanks for the detailed answer. Just on the VASP, although we have mentioned 
that it is an ongoing thing, but on the one-time VASP contribution, which was close to INR 40 
crores this quarter. So, any sense that you can give, first of all, what is contributing to this 
increase, and what the trajectory will be going ahead? 
Meghna Agarwal: So, yes, you are absolutely right, that VASP, which is recurring in one time. So, all these services 
are bifurcated into IT products; if any company wants to take the IT products from us, or the 
design-and-build, they have taken some kind of a different kind of workstation or chairs , and 
[page 10]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 18 
they would like to pay upfront. So, those are kind of, we call it like one-time, and reoccurring is 
something which is amortized over time of three-years or five years. So, one-time VASP is 
difficult to predict, but as you said we are currently about 15%, last year we were about 12%, so 
we increased by 3 %. We expect the contribution of VASP revenue to be total now, we cannot 
predict what is one-time or recurring, but we expect the total contribution of VASP revenue to 
increase by 2% to 2% in the coming year. So, from 15% we see the  going up till about 17% to 
18%. 
Saurabh Gilda: Okay, sure, got it. Thank you. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Yashesh Gilanjee from Bob Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Yashesh Gilanjee: Good afternoon, Team . Thank you for taking my question. I see that IT/ITES tenants now 
account for approximately 49% of their rents, down from approximately 51 % as of FY25, and 
Indian Enterprises accounts for approximately 58% of their rents, down from 60% last quarter. 
So, is it right to assume that Indian IT tenants are reducing their footprint? If so, how do you 
expect your tenant mix to change over the coming year? 
Rishi Das: So, I think this will broadly remain the same, honestly speaking, in terms of vertical split. As I 
mentioned to you,  the GCCs are throwing up a lot more diversity in terms of manufacturing, 
logistics, healthcare, and all of that. So, you might see small movement, but this will be more 
gradual. I am not seeing any very abrupt shift happening in  this mix. IT/ITES will continue to 
be the larger one, maybe a percentage point here, there,  kind of a number. I do not know if I 
have answered your question. Yes. Anything you want? 
Yashesh Gilanjee: No, sure. That is clear. With tenant lock-ins at approximately 38 months and lock-ins with your 
landowners of approximately 38 months, I understand that your assets and liabilities are well 
managed, but please help me understand why your landlords are will ing to agree to have a 
significantly longer 15-year lock-in. Any light you can shed on this dynamic? 
Rishi Das: So, see, what happens from a landlord's point of view, because they mostly give us a bare shell 
space. So, for them, the cost of us re -exiting is minimal. But since we are putting our fit-outs, 
we are putting so much skin in the game, and as you can imagine, if you have to get out, you 
will typically not get great value for  your interiors if you have to pull them out. So, as a result 
of that, basically, we request or expect them to give longer lock-ins. It is exactly like the way 
you see hotels, for example. Hotels will never sign up spaces where they get at least a 15 -20-
year lease, like very much. Plus, even retail, for that matter, is mostly nine years. So, I think very 
similar nature. And that is where the landlords are agreeing to it. And that is a typical industry 
[page 11]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 18 
norm as well. We have been able to do that, and we have not seen any challenge now. And we 
do not see anything happening henceforth. 
Yashesh Gilanjee: Understood. And lastly, as VAS contributions make up approximately 15% of total revenues, 
do you expect to be able to drive this higher? And are further improvements to margins going to 
be solely driven by improvements in occupancy? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, as Meghana had mentioned earlier, from 12% of the overall revenue, VAS today 
contributes 15% of our overall revenue. And we see this number going to 17% -18% over here. 
Because what we are noticing is a lot of customers, for example, if they have two  or three of 
their offices within IndiQube, and they have six or  seven more offices across India, they are 
expecting us to manage those offices. So, the scope of valued services is going beyond IndiQube 
buildings. So, that is a very healthy tr end we are seeing now.  So, with a plethora of B2B and 
B2C services that we have created, I think now we are seeing a good multiplier happening over 
here, which is ensuring that typically we will have an upward movement in the VAS. Now, from 
a margin point of view, most of this VAS is be tween 10%-15%. And since these are early days 
of our value-added services, basically, it will stabilize. But obviously, this will not be as accretive 
as our 18%-20% EBITDA space business. So, VAS will not have that kind of margin, but VAS 
will definitely have that scale. And VAS also gives us a very strong glue to hold our customers 
when you provide a lot of B2B, B2C , and all that. So, yes, and that is a good differentiator we 
believe we have been able to create for a lot of our clients. 
Yashesh Gilanjee: Understood. This has been very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Hi, good afternoon , and congrats on a very strong set of numbers. To Rishi and Meghna, my 
question pertains to the trends that you are seeing across the key micro markets, which include 
Delhi, NCR, Mumbai, Hyderabad, and Bangalore. So, what has been the trend now? And how 
have your sourcing plans been in these key markets vis -à-vis are you getting big buildings and 
large spaces, given the high demand that we have seen in the recent past? 
Rishi Das: So, good afternoon, Vikrant. Thank you. So, see, what is happening is as you have noticed that 
the global capability centers are continuing to grow. And most of these global capability centers 
prefer to go to tech parks and larger office spaces. So, our institutional uptake, which was about 
16% of our portfolio, has now become 18%. So, we are definitely seeing that a larger share of 
centers are coming up. Of course, this is more applicable to places where institutional supplies 
are available. For example, if you look at Hyderabad. Now, in HITEC City in Hyderabad, you 
will not have a lot of grade B or those kinds of spaces.  So, those places most of our uptake is 
happening through the institutions. In Delhi and Outer Ring Road, we have signed up a good 
[page 12]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 18 
amount of space in Eco world, which is, I must say, the most premier tech park in Bangalore 
today. And we are continuing to double down on those kinds of locations.  City-wise, if I have 
to talk about typically, because mostly, more than cities, to be honest with you, we look at more 
micro markets. And we are now present in about 17 cities, as you know. We don't see that we 
will continue to madly add more cities.  Maybe a couple of more cities may keep getting added 
every year. So, in addition, I think we are in good shape now. Now, the larger thing is that within 
those cities, what do we do with the micro markets? And, micro markets, which have, say, 
(+90%) occupancy, like if you see Guindy in Chennai or OMR on Mahabalipuram Road, or you 
look at Outer Ring Road, or you pick up Golf Course Road, those are the kind of locations where, 
basically, our big focus will be. We will not be very interested in going to locations like, say, 
Manesar, or too much of North Bangalore, or even Navi Mumbai, for that matter , because 
vacancy levels in those micro markets are more than 15 % to 25%. So, whenever we see that 
there is a demand supply equilibrium, the rental inflation of 4%-5% is likely to be sustained, we 
will be doubling down on those locations and also keeping in mind the metro proximity, 
typically. And, as you know, renovation is a big area for us, typically. So, about 25% of our 
portfolio is renovated buildings  so we will continue to pick up. As you are seeing now the 
transformation is happening in Nariman Point area. S o, very similarly a lot of cities are going 
through that. So, renovation, followed by our tech park pickup, and doubling down on the  key 
micro markets, I think those will be the questions.  And, of course, our preference has always 
been to pick up full buildings, bigger buildings. So, I think that will continue to be there, 
wherever we see availability and we see the appetite to pick up the entire building. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Okay. Thank you, Rishi, for this clarification. One thing to continue on that, we have added new 
cities in recent past, and that largely in the Tier -2 market. So, how have those markets been 
trending, the new markets that you have entered? So, you could throw some lights on that as 
well. 
Rishi Das: So, see, Vikrant, India, as you know, has 50 cities where population is a million plus. And today, 
unlike when somebody like me passed out 20 years back, today, jobs are going where people 
are. So, there is a democratization of jobs.  And that is how you are seeing companies looking 
for distributed offices and all. So, the Tier-2 story is clearly hinging on that fact . Now, certain 
Tier-2 are better placed than others. For example, if you look at Coimbatore. Now, Coimbatore 
is the only South Indian  non-capital city that has a population of more than 3 million. And 
Coimbatore is like what Pune was 20-25 years back. So, in those cities we are seeing very good 
traction happening over there. And there is a lot of healthy competition among different states 
for Tier-2 cities. Also, the nature of business what we are seeing going to Tier -2 is slightly 
different. I can talk to you about being the largest player in the down South  3 states, basically, 
that what's happening over here, a lot of healthcare back-office work is going to these cities. And 
the type of jobs are not like our engineering jobs. Mostly graduates they are hiring. And 70% of 
the people they are employing are women. So, different types  of jobs are going to Tier-2 cities 
like that. It is quite I would say, democratic. I think, but while the Tier-2 story is promising but 
[page 13]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 18 
if you ask me, it is a 10 -year story. The scale in Tier -2 still is not there.  And we have a lot of 
chicken and egg problem s also. For example, you l end up in a city and suddenly you realize 
there is no quality supply available there. And the landlords also do not have the maturity to 
handle a GCC or those kinds of quality of clients also. So, those issues are there. But yes, it is a 
good trend. And our strategy has been that we put our flag in those locations and see how each 
of these cities behave and grow . And depending upon the response, plus our pickup of Tier -2 
cities is a combination of proactive -reactive measures. For example, a client comes and says I 
want to be in a particular city, an existing client, we will go and proactively, reactively basically 
pick up a supply and create that for them. But in certain places like Coimbatore, when we went, 
we were quite hopeful based on our market research that it  looks like a promising city.  So, we 
picked up proactive supply. So, it is a combination of proactive and reactive thing happening for 
these Tier-2 cities. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Yes. Okay. One other question about your investment in green energy. We have seen a quite 
uptick in last 2 -3 years and largely has been concentrated in and around Bangalore. So, going 
forward, are you continuing to be willing to put more of the investments in solar, make it green, 
and so the savings on energy? If yes, then how are you placed, how much investment will go 
and where are you more concentrated now after Bangalore? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, as I said earlier, we are looking at 3 states, Karnataka, of course,  is the largest for us, 
followed by Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. And we have a 4 megawatt plant operational  in 
Maharashtra; 2.7 megawatt is getting operational in Tamil Nadu by the next quarter. And 
Bangalore, we are continuing to grow our 20 -megawatt facilities that we have. So, I think the 
predominant focus will be on these 3 cities, and we will add about 30-35 megawatts of power in 
the year. And we see about INR 125 crores to INR 150 crores of capital expenditure going into 
the solar power to meet this 30-40 megawatt requirement. 
Vikrant Kashyap: One last question, if I can, it's about one industry report that came out in the last two days, which 
talks about AI and the impact on the Flex co-working market, which talks about very good things 
about the co-working industry. So, I just wanted to understand your thoughts vis-à-vis the trend 
that they have highlighted, or maybe that trend that you are observing in the recent past. That's 
all from me. Thank you, and wish you the best of luck. 
Rishi Das: Thank you. So, basically, see the trend is very positive, and as you know, my earlier venture has 
been in the recruitment space. So, what is happening is few things which I can tell you. So, this 
year, for example, campus hiring has been very, very robust. The Big 5 have picked up almost 
20,000 people on average from campus. So, that's a very healthy trend over there. Number two, 
one of the large guys, the Big 5 IT major, which typically pay INR 4 lakh per campus, they are 
hiring 8,000 people from campus at INR 21 lakh salaries. So, what it means is we are going back 
to the late 90s and early 2000s , when campus hiring used to be confined to the top campuses. 
So, basically, if you look in the pyramid, while we are talking about very low -end jobs to be 
[page 14]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 18 
impacted but the quality jobs are getting added in very, very substantial numbers. Roles like 
product management, roles like domain knowledge, those are in massive preference over here. 
And since companies are now looking at better quality of talent where the average salary is 
substantially higher, we are seeing the concept of premiumization coming into office spaces 
where people are looking for plug-and -play managed offices and all. They want a lot more 
flexibility also. They want to be closer to talent. So, the concept of distributed offices is coming 
in and all that. So, I think, overall, those are very, very healthy trends, and that's what the report 
that you mentioned a couple of days back also talks about over there. So, net-net, we are bullish 
and number, as I mentioned to you, 82 million square feet absorption last year and 20 million 
absorptions in the January-March period this year is clearly getting reinforced by this report as 
well over here. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Yes. Thank you. Thank you. And wish you the best of luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question online from  Dhairya Trivedi from DJT Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhairya Trivedi: Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So, over the course of last  year, we have seen several 
high-ticket deals in the GCC space, the latest one being that of Uber in Hyderabad. Now, if you 
look at any of these marquee deals, the MNCs, whether it is Uber or NVIDIA, are all taking up 
spaces which are upwards of 1 lakh square feet,  and they are leasing it directly with the 
developer. So, what do you think could be the reasons or advantages for these MNCs to lease 
directly as opposed to taking up space with the office provider? 
Rishi Das: Very good question. Thank you. So, see, what is happening is that most of the large MNCs or 
large companies follow the strategy of hub-and -spoke models. So, whenever they have a hub 
location, which is like 2 lakhs going up to say even a million square feet, those offices, they tend 
to pick up on their own because they want very long leases. They do substantial investment in  
their IT infrastructure and all that, labs , data centers, and all of that. So, those assets are very, 
very strategic. And those, they want very long-term visibility, a very high level of control,  and 
all of that. Now, then they look at spoke models. So, basically, where they want, suppose 
somebody has set up a big hub in Hyderabad. Now, they know because of the talent availability, 
they would like to have a second R&D center in Bangalore or NCR , and all that. So, those are 
the places where they start coming to us. That is one trend we are clearly seeing: the hub is being 
done by them, and spokes are being done by us. Now, within that also, if you look at the hub 
locations that they have, there what they are doing, while they are signing up the real estate on 
their own, they are looking at a design-and-build service, where they are saying that, basically, 
can you do the entire interiors and offer me a Plug -and-Play office spaces for a 5 -year period. 
And multiple deals we have done, typically with an automotive major in Hyderabad and then a 
mining major in Chennai  those kinds of deals  are there. So, it is going to be a combo. For 
example, if you think about a very large company that  has 5 million portfolios in India, we are 
[page 15]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 18 
not expecting that the 5 million will move to us. We are expecting that 20%-25% of that 5 million 
portfolio will be through Flex . So, what maybe 5 years back was not even 100,000 square feet  
today, it is already 1  million -1.5 million. So, you will see, most of the companies will be 
bending, the large occupiers I am talking about, for them, Flex is not going to be about 0 or 1. 
Flex is going to be about percentages. And we are seeing a very good trend as they are 
experiencing, getting confidence that Flex operators can deliver well. They are increasing the 
share of Flex operators in their overall real estate portfolio in India. 
Dhairya Trivedi: And how would the commercials of leasing directly compare with that of leasing, say, through 
a Flex office provider for these MNCs? 
Rishi Das: So, it depends on the size of the real estate and the tenure of the real estate. For example, if they 
go to a company and they go to a large REIT, and if they are picking up maybe smaller offices, 
say, 50,000 or 1 lakh of floor vis-à-vis Flex operator going and picking up an entire block of 4-
5 lakh square feet, then obviously, the wholesale-retail theory applies. And as a result, and if the 
tenures are longer, then the REITs are happy to basically give a 5 %-10% differential if the 
tenures are long and the uptake of real estate is very, very substantial. But to be very honest with 
you, there is not a very significant difference in the cost at which a GCC will pick up real estate 
on its own, vis-à-vis an operator doing it. But the moment you move to independent buildings, 
non-institutional supply, this wholesale -retail theory plays out very differently. It could be as 
high as 20%-25% difference. If you just pick up a floor vis-à-vis picking up the whole building, 
20%-25% rental difference could be there. 
Dhairya Trivedi: All right. And on our strategy of leasing out entire office buildings, I just wanted to understand 
a bit more about that. D o we first go and scout clients and then take up buildings based on the 
demand that we have, or do we first lease out the buildings and then look for potential companies 
to lease that space? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, 90% of our space uptake is speculative, where we believe that the markets are good and 
strong based on our research. For example, suppose I have a particular micro market , and I 
already have 0.5 million square feet in that micro market, I will not be shying away from picking 
up a, say, 2 lakh square feet space because I know that my half million customers will grow and 
they will require space. So, all those spaces are proactive. So, the bulk of our strategy of picking 
up spaces has been proactive. However, it does happen that somebody comes in  with an RFP, 
and the customer wants a particular location, and we do back-to-back and all that. But back-to-
back business is very limited. Also, if you see the single tenant, single building or single location 
is just 10% of our portfolio. That's not very substantial because we believe single tenant, single 
location is a big risk because the day the client is gone, then we are back to square one. So, we 
always prefer multi-tenancy buildings where if somebody is going, somebody is expanding, so 
that building doesn't see a zero occupancy at any stage. Our b ig preference is there,  and we 
believe this is very important from a risk mitigation point of view. 
[page 16]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 18 
Dhairya Trivedi: Right, right, understood. And just one last question on the revenue per occupied seat per month. 
So, can you give some sense of  what that number would be in FY26 versus last year and how 
it's likely to shape up for FY27? 
Rishi Das: So, typically, about INR 192 is the kind of average revenue realization we have for the last year. 
And most of our contracts come with 5% to 6% rental inflation built in. So, that is one fact that 
will happen. Plus, what is happening, as I mentioned, is that we are now picking up a lot of 
institutional supply because of GCCs and all coming in,  and this real estate tends to be more 
expensive and premium. So, if we are picking up space earlier at an average price of INR 70-80, 
now we may be doing a  lot of properties at INR 21- 30. So, these are the two factors that  will 
play out. One is the inflation, which is 5% to 6% built into our contracts, and the second is more 
in terms of the premium spaces and all we pick up. Plus, a lot of our supplies are in key micro 
markets, as I mentioned . So, we also see, because of the demand -supply mismatch, we have 
some pricing elasticity, where if a particular tenant goes out or there is churn, we are able to 
lease out the space at a higher rate. So, that also is hap pening. So, a combination of all these 
three, so you can say that maybe 5% to 10% per inflation, you can see in this INR 192 over a 
year, on an overall basis may happen. 
Dhairya Trivedi: Right, understood. Thank you. Thank you very much, and all the best for the next financial year. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Yog Rajani from Omega Portfolio 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Yog Rajani: Hello, Thank you for taking my question. My first question is regarding the CAPEX for square 
feet. As I can see, it has increased from INR 15 .50 to INR 16 .50 per square foot. Is there any 
reason for that? 
Rishi Das: Yes, so a war is underway , and that is a big culprit that we are currently seeing. So, definitely , 
what we are noticing is about 5 %-7% bump-up has happened in a lot of materials that we are 
using. So, what was INR 15.50 is now trending towards INR 16. 50. But it is a small increase 
and that too it is a CAPEX kind of increase. So, we are pretty much at this point in time absorbing 
it. We are not passing out to our clients. But luckily, while this number is increasing, we have 
not faced any major supply disruptions like LPG supply when it got impacted, but tiles were in 
short supply and all. But more or less, our supply chain and a large part of our procurement is 
luckily from vendors that are manufacturing everything in India. So, the dollar also has not 
created a lot of havoc to that extent in  our CAPEX. So, we see that this number will be about 
INR 16.50, and also, as I mentioned to you, the whole thing about premiumization. So, today, if 
you visit any of our offices vis -à-vis what we were doing 5 years back, you will see a 
substantially higher quality of interior. And those numbers are also budgeted in this INR 15.50, 
going up to INR 16.50. The INR 100 takes into account all that is also over there.  
[page 17]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 18 
Yog Rajani: Okay. Fair enough. My next question is regarding the cash balance and the utilization of cash. 
So, I believe we have around INR 300 crores –  INR 400 crores available to us in terms of cash 
and cash -equivalent balance. And there was also some mention of the variation of funds 
generated from IPO proceeds in the quarterly result update. Could you give us some more clarity 
on the utilization of cash and what that update would be about? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, see, our IPO proceeds was totally like the primary that we raised was to a tune of INR 
610 crores. Now, in that, the biggest chunk was INR 462 crores towards CAPEX. So, what we 
have now done is we have basically looked at that reallocation of that CAPEX. So, for example, 
INR 187 crores is what we have requested to be moved to other capital assets  because as we 
mentioned, we are doing a lot of design-and-build. So, design-and-build is where we don't have 
the real estate, but we do the design-and-build, as I mentioned to you for automotive major and 
all. So, INR 55 crores towards interior CAPEX have  been allocated for that. And then I 
mentioned about solar CAPEX, so INR 16 crores towards solar CAPEX we have looked at. And 
INR 52 crores is towards payment of security deposit for the real estate that we are taking from 
landlords. Earlier, this item was not there. And since we are picking up supplies, which are where 
we are going at a land space, signing up LOIs with the landlords , and these ar e refundable 
deposits. So, we need some money on that side. So, again, a long- term item. And then we have 
kept INR 64 crores towards investment into any real estate or any adjacent ventures that 
IndiQube may see interesting coming up. So, that is how INR 187 crores has been picked up. 
The general corporate purpose, which was INR 50.4 crores, has been kept the same. And the 
repayment of debt has not been changed. So, it's more a reallocation of the capital expenditure 
across certain other heads, which we hav e seen since the time we filed our DRHP, they have 
become important. And we found it prudent that some money is allocated to them on priority. 
Yog Rajani: Okay, fair enough. And also, because there is significant amount of cash, while I believe we 
have more cash available than, say, some other peers, why aren't we being more aggressive with 
our growth strategy in terms of either larger sizes or more properti es in our portfolio? Because 
if other people are growing fast, the question also arises, why can't we grow at the same rate, 
given the management capabilities we have? 
Rishi Das: So, I think, if you see, of course, more is always better that way. But if we have grown our 
revenue at 37%, typically, and purely if you look at the quality of growth because we believe 
that this business is not a winner -takes-it-all business. This business is to some extent like our 
IT services business. You will have the Big 5 in this space. And all of us have different strategies 
of growth. Our belief has always been sustainable growth, because we believe that growth at any 
cost comes at a huge cost.  So, we are quite focused on those parameters. And we are 
fundamentally looking at it because in this business if you look at the hotel business, right? A 
hotel which you pick-up in a location like Navi Mumbai, 100 other five-star hotels will come in 
Navi Mumbai, right?  So, there is going to be massive value erosion. Now, you may say that, 
okay, let me put growth on steroids and do those kinds of locations. But since we are very 
[page 18]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 17 of 18 
focused on key micro markets, and key micro markets, by nature, tend to have limited supply.  
For example, if you want to grow in Andheri, right? You can't do magic over there. You have to 
grow in a prudent way. But an Andheri property is so defensible that if you maintain it well for 
20 years, 30 years, it will give you money. So, I think, so we are very clear that the property that 
we are picking up, the defensibility of that, in terms of proximity to metro, ava ilability of real 
estate in that micro market , and so many other factors is where we are focused on. But having 
said that as Meghana had mentioned that, if you look at 9.6 million, we have as AUM and 6.3 is 
rent yielding. So, we have almost more than 50% of our occupied space available to us for 
leasing. So, that is a good amount of headroom. And if you look at our data earlier also, whatever 
is our occupied area, we try to have mor e than 50% of that available to us at any point of time 
as AUM. But at the same time, we have geopolitical situations, you have this whole big elephant 
in the room, AI, all that happening. So, we do not want to basically go and take a position where 
we may repent that, okay, we overshoot. And the other thing is, if you look at the landlord 
community, in Bangalore, 70% of my landlords are from one community.  So, this is like our 
banking relationship, the credibility with these people. So, we are very wary of even leaving a 
single building where we have signed up and we have defaulted or left a building and left bad 
there. I do not have any litigation at all with any of my landlord.  So, when you grow with that 
quality in mind, typically, you always have that temptation to do that. But we definitely take 
your point, it is always on our agenda and that is where you see our value-added services and all 
these things are growing. Our city presence is expanding over there. But definitely, we are trying 
to see as much as we can push and grow faster. 
Yog Rajani: So, fair enough. And just on the point of suggestions, as Meghana mentioned, we can look at 
this business on a quarter -to-quarter basis, just like a flowchart where we can understand how 
much area would be added every quarter would be very helpful for us t o understand what we 
should expect before we see the results rather than after. 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, basically, see, what happens is that in our business and what Meghana said, I am just 
substantiating that, that when any supply is picked up, it is front -loaded. For example, if you 
pick up anything on 1st April, pretty much your rental starts there.  And then we have a cycle 
wherein on an average about 9 to 12 months, we reach (+ 90%) occupancy. So, whenever any 
large supply addition happens , you will see variation happening in that particular quarter. So, 
this is the challenge that will always be there.  So, the right way is you look at a year -on-year, 
12-month number, because by that time, the property would have stabilized. So, plus the steady 
state occupancy is a better metric because it cuts out the noise. This 12-month variation goes out 
of all of that. So, 12 months, hence, those indicators are far more relevant to our industry. And 
so, you will always see this as much we want to smoothen it out  that is what exactly happened 
in Q4. We have a couple of large properties getting delivered. And that is where you are seeing 
all this blip happening over there. So, those will continue to be there.  But again, we pick up 
supplies well in advance. We do not go with a bag of money and pick up supplies. So, 2-years , 
[page 19]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
May 21, 2026 
 
 Page 18 of 18 
3-years, we sign up well in advance.  All those things we do to ensure that our supplies are 
smoothened out. But this bit of cockpit turbulence is bound to be there in our journey. 
Yog Rajani: No, no. I completely agree. I am not suggesting that we smooth it out, also at the cost of doing 
proper business. But some explanation in advance , where we understand how much property 
will be added on a quarter-to-quarter basis, would help us understand before how the year would 
proceed, rather than waiting and understanding it after that. 
Rishi Das: I think that kind of guidance we could look at. Basically, that is a good suggestion that whatever 
we are expecting to be a rent-paying area in the next quarter, like that, those could be basically 
disclosed in advance. Those numbers are with us. Some supplies will still get added. But by and 
large, we have visibility into what we are likely to have rent -paying areas in the next quarter. 
So, I think, yes, that we will consider and try to implement. 
Yog Rajani: Since you said you have the numbers, could you share them with us what would be the increase 
in the rent-paying area over the next two to three quarters? 
Rishi Das: Let us mull over it because that is the metric we have not shared till now. But again, if I were to 
be honest with you, as Meghana has told you, if you look at 1 lakh square feet to 1.5 lakh square 
feet per month, that is what we will be adding in terms of rent-paying area. And about 1 lakh to 
1.25 lakh is what will be a rent-yielding area, typically 80%. So, that is what she told you is 
80%. So, if you look at, say, we are adding 1.25 lakh, 80% of that is 1 lakh. So, that is what you 
are seeing, that between about 1 lakh and 1.25 lakh per month will be additions in the RYA. 
RPA addition may  be between 1.2 to 1.5 typically. So, that is the clear metric. Slightly some 
quarters you may see a blip. That is where she also mentioned that if you have to look at 
occupancy, look at the average occupancy for the four quarters, which was 84%, whereas Q4 
was 81%. So, those errors are reduced, actually, if you take averages over larger database. 
Yog Rajani: Fair enough. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. As there are no further questions, 
I will now hand over the conference back to the Management for closing comments. 
Rishi Das: Thank you all for your patience. I really appreciate you asking all the questions. Hope you found 
the whole thing useful. And we would like to thank our partners, Ambit for arranging this. Thank 
you so much. And I look forward to your continued support. Thank you. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes.  Thank you all. And thank you, Ambit team. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
