[page 1]
     
 
 
 Indiqube Spaces Limited  
 (formerly known as Indiqube Spaces Private Limited, Innovent Spaces Private Limited)                                  
info@indiqube.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Registered and Corporate Office:                                                                                                                                   www.indiqube.com 
 Plot # 53, Careernet Campus, Kariyammanna Agrahara Road, Devarabisanahalli,                                                  +91 9900092210 
 Outer Ring Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560103                                                                                                 
 CIN - L45400KA2015PLC133523                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                           
 
 
 
Date: 13th November 2025 
 
 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited, 
20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544454 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: INDIQUBE 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Transcript of the discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2025, at the earnings conference call with investor(s)/analyst(s)  held on 
November 10th , 2025, is attached and also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://indiqube.com/investor/  
 
The earnings conference call with investor(s)/analyst(s), conducted through conference call, concluded 
at 02:57 p.m. (IST) on November 10th, 2025.  
 
This is for information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Indiqube Spaces Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pranav Ayanath Kuttiyat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A57351 
  
[page 2]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“IndiQube Spaces Limited 
2Q & 1HFY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI DAS – CHAIRMAN, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDIQUBE SPACES 
LIMITED 
 MS. MEGHNA AGARWAL – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. PAWAN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. VIKAS AGRAWAL – HEAD-INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. VAMSI CHATRATHI – AVP-MARKETING – 
INDIQUBE SPACES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. KARAN KHANNA – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to IndiQube Spaces Limited 2Q and 1HFY2026 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be 
in the listen -only mode , and there will be an  opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Karan Khanna: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I would like to welcome you 
all to the 2Q and 1HFY2026 earnings conference call for IndiQube Spaces Ltd.  From the 
Company Management we have with us today ; Mr. Rishi Das , Chairman, Executive Director 
and CEO, Ms. Meghna Agarwal , COO; Mr. Pawan Jain , CFO; Mr. Vikas Agrawal , Head-
Investor Relations, and Mr. Vamsi Chatrathi, AVP-Marketing. 
We would like to now begin the call with opening remarks from the management, post which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Rishi 
and Meghna. 
Rishi Das: Thank you, Karan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining IndiQube Spaces 
Limited. 2QFY2026 earnings call. On behalf of the entire management team, I extend a warm 
welcome to all our shareholders, analysts, and participants joining us today. We have uploaded 
our earnings presentation to the stock exchanges and our website, and I hope you have had the 
chance to review it. 
This quarter marks another important milestone in IndiQube's journey. When we began, our 
vision was to decouple real estate from services and create a workspace and a service solution 
that enables ease of doing business, enhances employee experience, and delivers  operational 
efficiency. Today, that same vision continues to guide us as we scale across India. The second 
quarter has laid a strong foundation for the rest of the year with strong financial performance 
and operational momentum. 
 Importantly, our cash flows from operations exceeded EBITDA, underscoring healthy 
profitability and operational efficiency. Cash flow from operations more than doubled to 
INR151 crores compared to INR64 crores in the same period last year. Value -added services, 
VAS, remain an integral part of our business model. 
 Their contribution increased from 11% to 13%, reflecting strong client adoption and higher 
engagement from both within and outside IndiQube buildings. We expect this momentum to 
continue as more enterprise clients integrate VAS into their overall workspace experience. 
Sustainability continues to be the core pillar of our long-term strategy. Building on our existing 
20-megawatt solar farm in Yadgir, Karnataka, which has the potential to be scaled up to 70 
megawatts, along with 22 rooftop solar installations across our centers, we are now expanding 
our solar energy capabilities to capture new adjacencies and reinforce our ESG credentials. This 
[page 4]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
initiative not only strengthens our commitment to green energy but also creates new business 
opportunities within the renewable ecosystem. 
Starting with our IGAAP equivalent numbers, revenue stood at INR354 crores for Q2 FY 2026, 
representing a 38% year -on-year growth. EBITDA is at INR75 crores, which is up 74% year -
on-year. PAT margins improved to 8%, a considerable increase from 3% in the same period last 
year. 
Out of the total 9.14 million square feet of area under management across 125 centers and 16 
cities, 5.8 million square feet is rent -yielding area, and this provides a headroom of about 3.34 
million square feet, roughly 75,000 additional seats, and these a re expected to be operational 
anywhere between 18 months and 24 months. 
Our strong financial performance, together with our Crisil A+ / Stable rating recently affirmed, 
underscores the resilience of our business model, our disciplined growth approach, and our long-
term enterprise partnerships. 
With that, I will now hand over to my Co-Founder, Meghna Agarwal, to take you through the 
innovation and operational highlights for the quarter. Yes, Meghna. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. Thank you, Rishi, and thank you, Karan. I would like to begin by emphasizing that tech 
continues to remain at the core of our client experience. This quarter, we have introduced two 
major tech innovations. One is the AI routing for transport management. Our automatic routing 
AI agent generates the most time and cost -efficient transport r outes for employees, ensuring 
maximum ROI and smooth daily operation. 
 And the second one is the cafeteria crowd meter module. This tool leverages geospatial data and 
real-time order inflows to map the crowd density and thus helps the employees to plan their meal 
times, thereby reducing the queue congestion, enhancing their productivity, and satisfaction. 
 In the coming quarters, we also plan to roll out our space management module, which gives 
flexibility to clients to configure their workspace and enhance their space utilization. While Rishi 
has walked you through our financial performance, let me touch upon the operational highlights 
for the quarter. 
 This quarter, we have achieved significant milestones. We have signed a 1.4 lakh square feet 
workspace lease in Bangalore with the world's largest asset manager. We also secured a 68,000 
square feet design and build project in Hyderabad for one of India's largest automakers. 
 We now serve 800 -plus clients, comprising a balanced mix of 40% GCCs and 60% of Indian 
enterprises. Our focus on large, long -stay enterprise clients remains strong. Clients occupying 
over 300 seats now account for 65% of our total occupancy. 
 Our monthly churn remains at just 0.01%, one of the lowest in the industry, reflecting a high 
client stickiness and repeat business. Occupancy level continues to remain robust. It stands at 
about 87%, up from 81% in the previous quarter. 
[page 5]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 At a corporate level, our portfolio occupancy typically remains in the range of 80 % to 85%, 
while our steady-state centers, which are operational over 12 months, maintain an occupancy of 
about 85% to 90%. 
 And at this, we remain deeply confident about the road ahead, supported by strong client 
demand, a resilient business model, and an unwavering focus on profitability, sustainability, and 
innovation. 
 With that, we look forward to addressing your questions during the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Adhidev from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is just to 
understand the Hyderabad design-build we have signed up for. Can you explain how different it 
is from the conventional managed office contracts that we have been doing? That is the first 
question. 
Meghna Agarwal: Okay. So -- I mean, Adhidev, so, okay, let me answer the first question. So the difference is  -- 
so here we have three models in our business. We have one is the grow model, which is like a 
plug-and-play where the clients come to our buildings, and then take the entire services. 
 But then we also have a model called bespoke , in which we do the design and build , in which 
the landlord deal is done by the client. But after that, anything to do with the design and the 
management, managing the entire facilities is done by IndiQube. 
 So this design and build project comes under the bespoke model. And so the landlord deal was  
done by them. But the client really liked our platform and the way we have designed and 
managed the entire enterprise. So they signed up with us in the bespoke model. 
Adhidev: Okay. So, just to understand, would the margins differ in this sort of approach , or would it be 
similar to the existing offerings that we have, that was more of where we are coming from? 
Meghna Agarwal: No. So we have very healthy margins , which are actually in line  with EBITDA margins. So 
there's no, no -- reducing of the margins here. It's absolutely healthy out here, also in this model. 
Adhidev: Okay. Okay, fine. Yes. The second question is just to help understand the pipeline of properties 
in terms of sourcing from landlords that you have over the next two months. And where do we 
think our AUM will be here , maybe 12 to 18 months from now, depending on how much 
visibility you have on your pipeline or space? 
Meghna Agarwal: So we have written as in the presentation, which is also mentioned, Adhidev, that our total signed 
portfolio currently stands at about 9.14 million square feet, which is approximately about 2 lakh 
seats, 2 lakh 3,000 seats, out of which 5.8 million square feet is only the rent-yielding area, 
which is about 1 lakh 28,000 seats. All right. So that itself gives us a headroom of about 3.34 
million square feet. 
[page 6]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 So, in simpler terms, if I have to put it, my 9.14 million square feet will be converted into a rent-
paying area in about the next 18 to 24 months. And this would translate almost like a what, like 
what, a figure of about 22%. So, so this is the kind of already we have a sign up, which is in the 
kitty and in the pocket right now. 
Rishi Das: Okay. And yes, to add to that, as you see, we have added close to 1.3 million square feet  if you 
look at year on year. So we see that addition will continue on top of this 9.14 million, about 1.3 
to 1.5 million per square foot additional AUM, and this addition will continue to happen here. 
Adhidev: Okay. Sure. So I think that was more my question. And just any, just as a bookkeeping question, 
by March '26, where do you think the operational area we will be exiting at by March '26 this 
year, compared to the 5.7 we are at currently? 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. So, my rent -paying area, I can give it to you, it will be around about 7.6  million, 7.67 
million square feet. That would be my rent-paying area by March '26. 
Adhidev: Okay. So that is quite a ramp-up we are expecting. Yes. That's it from my side. I'll come back in 
the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one. Next question is from 
Shamit from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shamit: Yes. Hi Rishi and Meghna. Congrats on a good set of numbers.  So, a couple of questions from 
my side. I wanted to know that you command around 20% market share in Bangalore and 
Chennai, while your presence is quite limited in other fast  growing tier one cities like Mumbai 
and Pune. So, how are you looking at these markets, and do you have plans to scale up in these 
markets? 
 And secondly, in the first quarter, your portfolio level cash EBIT margins and occupancy was 
around 17% and 85%. In this quarter, you have ramped up the occupancy to around 87%, but 
the margins have slightly remained flat despite the higher occupancy levels. So what factors are 
likely to influence the margin performance going forward? And lastly, if you could give any sort 
of guidance in terms of revenue, seat additions , and cash EBIT margins for '26 and '27, that 
would be quite helpful. 
Rishi Das: Yes. So thank you, Shami t. So let me answer the second part of your question first.  So as you 
rightly highlighted, there is a slight EBITDA improvement in quarter one, and we are at about 
21%. What happens in our business is EBITDA margin ; the exact EBITDA margin is also a 
function of the properties that we have added during the quarter. Now, suppose a large property 
gets added; definitely, there will be a slight margin blip. 
 I think, but the better way to look would be if you were to compare our year on year EBITDA 
margin, like last year, this was about 17% to 18%. Now we are at 21%. So this three percentage 
point improvement that you are seeing has happened because one, the salaries as a percentage 
of the revenue have come down by about 1% odd. 
[page 7]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 Then we have commissioned the solar power plant that we talked about, 20 20-megawatt rooftop 
plant. So we have a substantial saving on the power bills , which  has given us about one 
percentage point. And another percentage point has come in broadly because the way our rentals, 
the per-seat revenue increases from our clients, and our rental inflation with our landlord, there 
is almost a one percentage point delta over there. 
 So that broadly basically talks about the margin expansion. I will say that our margin will be 
pretty much rain-bound in the 20 % to 21%. It will hover around that number.  I don't see that 
increasing very, very substantially, nor going down. There will be some fluctuation depending 
upon, as I said, whether larger properties get added or deals suddenly start giving revenue during 
that quarter. 
Now, answering the first part of your question, you are right in highlighting that Bangalore is a 
large part. Just one minute. I will share the data with you. Yes. So basically, if you look at what 
people talk about, Bangalore continues to be the largest commercial real estate market, 
consistently absorbing 20% to 25% of the country's total office demand. 
In fact, according to multiple reports, if you see Bangalore absorbing more commercial real 
estate than Shanghai or even New York, it is positioned as among the largest office markets 
globally. So, it's like saying that we are the largest in the largest market globally. 
 Also, if you look at more than 50% of India's total office absorption is happening in South India. 
And this is led by Bangalore, Chennai, and Hyderabad. And these southern markets also record 
the lowest vacancy levels, typically in single digits, owing to deep talent pools, strong 
infrastructure, lower cost of living, and higher overall quality of life. 
 So we follow these parameters while expanding. Since 90% of the properties are taken 
proactively, while South India remains our core growth engine, we are steadily expanding across 
other key metros as well. So, if you look at our footprint in Mumbai, it has grown from 85,000 
square feet to 140,000 square feet. 
 We continue to expand Gurgaon, Calcutta, and other northern cities. We have added three cities 
in the last year, Indore being the latest addition. We are seeing at least three to four more city 
additions happening in H2. 
 So overall, there is an effort to be Pan-India. We are following the strategy of following the 
talent. So wherever our customers are expecting us to go or wherever talent is going, we are 
going into those locations. And yes, so that's how we see our Pan India footprint expansion. 
Shamit: Understood. And in terms of occupancy, is this current number of 87% sustainable going 
forward? 
Rishi Das: So, occupancy, we see that if you look at, there are two occupancy datasets  that we maintain. 
One is at the overall occupancy level. So that has a range between 80 % and 85%. And then 
there's a steady state center occupancy which hovers between 85 % and 90%. So this 87% that 
you are seeing over the next two  to three quarters, we see that this will be 85 plus or minus 
maybe a couple of percentage points. 
[page 8]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Now, it depends upon, again, as I will go back to the point that if a very large supply addition 
happens, you might see a 1%, 1.5% basically occupancy. But we are committed to maintaining 
occupancy in the mid-80s. And that's where we see that we are comfortably placed. 
Shamit: Understood. Thank you. And my last question regarding your guidance in terms of revenue and 
fee additions, what would that be for '26 and '27? 
Meghna Agarwal: So, as Shamit mentioned earlier,  we already signed 9.14. And this would become operational 
only in the next two years. And this would translate to almost like the top line growth to about 
30% in the -- for the next two years. And this has already been an area that is signed. And it's in 
the different stages of construction or the phases where we are going to take it. So then the 
paying area is going to increase gradually in the next two years. 
Shamit: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Girish Choudhary: Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity.  Firstly, on the capex, how should we see the capex going 
ahead for the rest of the year, and also next fiscal year? Just as a follow-up, I see you've already 
spent close to INR180 crores in the first half. Right.  And if I see your seat count has increased 
by 15,500 or so. So if I do a simple math that translates to a INR2,500 per square feet of capex. 
So, I mean, what's the change there? Because generally you write for INR1,500 per square feet, 
right? A seat. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. Thank you, Girish. So, the capex, as you rightly said, it is about INR179 crores. And the 
difference between your net seat additions and the capex you're seeing depends on the timing 
and the nature of the investment made. So, for example, operating cash flow, your INR179 crores 
capex also includes advances for the future signed projects. It includes settlement of the prior 
period pending invoices, investments in interior sit out, which is executed under the financial 
leasing, like the 60,000 square feet, which you're talking about. 
You will not see the area additions and the capital expenditure towards the solar installations , 
either. Also, there could be a certain location where my fit-out work must have commenced, but 
during the rent-free period. So, if you see all because of all these differences, you would see a 
natural mismatch of the given period. You would see that net area additions will not reflect the 
capex because of all those reasons that I'm talking about. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. So, in that case, for the remainder of , let's say, six months, can we see a lower capex, so 
that the timing mismatch again aligns back? 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. So, you will definitely see the gap reducing for sure, but some kind of a misalign ment 
would always be there. As I said, because there would be a future project which you would have 
signed, which you would have released advances. There would be certain other, you know, other 
capex which probably for the prior or the past.  So, all those mismatches a little bit would 
definitely be there, but the gap would surely keep reducing over the period of quarters. 
[page 9]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. So, what's your budget for the year fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2027 capex? 
Meghna Agarwal: Capex, look, so in fact, if you ask us, like our capex is like about 15, 17 per square feet, right? 
So, in terms of area addition, that would be there. But my cash outflow , or whatever the capex, 
probably you would see would be different. That's what we're talking about. 
Girish Choudhary: Yes. Yes. 
Meghna Agarwal: So, Yes. So, I think this time is about INR179 crores, something equal. We are expecting in the 
next H2 also. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. 
Meghna Agarwal: Similar range, yes. 
Girish Choudhary: So, around INR350 crores, INR360 crores for the year. 
Meghna Agarwal: Something, Yes. Some kind of, yes, we can say that, something in a similar range. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. And the following year, next year, because like you said, you have already signed up close 
to nine points or in the process of signing up 9.14 of AUM, right? So, you'll be spending on that 
also next year. 
Meghna Agarwal: So, it will not be like completely next year. This would become a rent-paying area in 18 to 24 
months. So, they would be gradual. I would just spend on the capex. Yes. And I mean, whatever 
we've done with the budgeting, I think it should remain in a similar range, even for the next year, 
and also, whatever we have in FY 2026. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. Got it. Yes. Secondly, on the VAS, the Value Added Service, which like we have seen an 
increase from 11% to 13%. So, just wanted to understand in terms of what the runway is here. 
One is if you look at the penetration within the current portfolio, how are you seeing trends in 
terms of people or tenants using these services? And where can this 13% go in the next one to 
two or three years? 
Meghna Agarwal: So, if you see, as you rightly put it, Value Added Services contribute about 13% of the total 
revenue, which is up from 11%. And as Rishi mentioned, VAS remains an integral part of our 
business model. And there would be a steady increase.  And this reflects the client adoption 
engagement. 
 Looking ahead, our focus is on definitely broadening both our B2B and B2C service spectrum. 
This includes areas such as your Facilities, F&Bs, IT, Mobility, Concierge, Solar, and Other, 
you know, other enhancing services, which we'll be getting into it. 
 These value added, we see that contribution increasing from 13 % to at least 15% in the next 
financial year. So, that is what we are planning for and budgeted for. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. Got it. Yes. Yes. Thank you and all the very best. 
[page 10]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Aayush Saboo from Choice Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aayush Saboo: Yes. Hi. Congratulations on a good set of numbers . Can you just elaborate a little bit more on 
the hub-and-spoke model regarding how we are operating in that? Just throw more light on that. 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, yes, thank you, Saboo. So, our strategy, as I mentioned, has been follow the talent. So, 
if you look at, say, locations like Koramangala or any CBD location like MG Road or Guindy 
in Chennai, most of these places, there is a dearth of larger buildings. So, our philosophy is to 
take up smaller buildings and also have a larger campus. 
 Then the larger campus actually acts like a hub, and then you have a lot of spokes. So, it allows 
us to have many more amenities in the hub campus. Plus, what also happens is that, think about 
Koramangala, we have clients that are typically very young startups. 
 Now, they may not be able to afford a very high-quality or a very swanky center. So, in our 
spoke locations, we are able to accommodate such clients. But if you have a GCC kind of client 
looking at a very premium space, then our hub centers are able to provide such spaces. 
 And that is the strategy that we are seeing in micro -markets that are mature and dense micro -
markets, which has worked well. Similarly, on Outer Ring Road here, I talked about Guindy or 
even Pune in the Yerwada location or Baner location, where we see that we are slowly but surely 
narrowing down on creating more hub and spoke models over there. 
Aayush Saboo: Okay. Sir, what is the ratio that you see going forward? Like, how much should be under the 
larger format hub and how much should be in spoke models within the next couple of years? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, today if you look at  it, I will say about 50% of our properties are more than 100,000 
square feet, like out of 125 operational centers. And about a similar number are less than 100,000 
square feet. 
 Now, if I have to  further narrow down, about one -third of our centers are more than 200,000 
square feet. So, that is a broad mix to give you an idea. I see that, definitely, the average size of 
the center, if I were to look at it, over the last 2-3 years has been expanding. 
 Like if our average was about 40 ,000, 50,000 square feet 3 years back, now today that average 
is about 70,000 square feet or 75,000 square feet. So, clearly, the trend is towards larger centers. 
But at the same time , to maintain our presence and depth in the markets and be able to offer 
different price points, we also see that spokes will continue to be an integral part of our strategy. 
Aayush Saboo: Okay, okay. Thank you very much. 
Rishi Das: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from Sumit Kumar from JM Financial Institution. Please 
go ahead. 
[page 11]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Sumit Kumar: Hi, good afternoon , and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on 
revenue growth versus area growth. The area occupied grew by 24% and the revenue grew by 
about 38%. So what explains that difference? Is it the per-seat pricing that has gone up, or is 
there a change in sort of a revenue mix or product mix? 
Rishi Das: Yes, so two or three things have basically factored in. One is the escalations that we have. That's 
the easiest one because we have an annual escalation in our client contracts, whereas most of 
our landlords are on a three -year escalation, more like 14 %, 15% every 36 months , whereas 
client escalations are annually between 5% to 6%. So that is one factor. 
Second factor has been the value -added services . If you see, which doesn't get reflected 
necessarily in the area from 11% it has become 13%. So that is another factor. Then, if you look 
at a lot of renovated buildings that we have built up. Now , in our renovated buildings, our 
margins are better. 
 If our center-level EBITDA is about 32% in a new kind of building, in renovated buildings, this 
is about 40%. So that mix, we have been able to add some good renovated buildings. That is 
adding to it. 
 And then the design and build projects that we are doing, because, again, that area is not reflected 
in the addition over there. So a combination of these factors is what is basically leading to this 
divergence, a positive divergence here. 
Sumit Kumar: Sure. My second question will be on the Tier 2 expansion. You've added Indore and then Mohali, 
Kolkata. So the nature of the business remains the same. Is it a managed office, or is there  an 
element of co-working there? 
Rishi Das: It pretty much remains the same, I will say. Of course, the size of buildings that we are picking 
up in these locations is not as big as what we are doing in the Tier 1s. But the mix of customers 
is very, very encouraging. 
 I will say, again, the GCCs are the bulk of the occupiers in a lot of Tier 2 cities. In fact, a good 
percentage of our growth in Tier 2 is actually being pushed on us by our existing clients, where 
they are expecting us to grow over there. And to give you another metric, if you see, 40% of the 
area that is occupied is by clients who have taken space in more than one center. 
 So, that is a very healthy trend. The customer came to us and said, Tier 1 city and liked us, and 
then they expanded into Tier 2. But if I have to talk about the more mature Tier 2 cities like 
Coimbatore, where we essentially started with one building of 70,000 to 75,000 square feet. 
Now we have a property which is 150,000 square feet, and we have signed up another property 
of 100,000 square feet. So definitely, it is like firing bullets and wherever it hits the target, go 
with cannonballs. So clearly, there is a tendency to pick up larger buildings in those places as 
we understand the city better and as we have more confidence in that city. 
Sumit Kumar: So, just one last question from my side. The movement from active stock, which is about 7.6 
million to 9.2 million, which is the area under management, you said it should take about two 
[page 12]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
years. So, I just wanted to understand, is that because there are some properties which are under 
construction, or otherwise, fitting it out and then leasing it out should not take two years ? So, 
what is the sort of reason for that? 
Rishi Das: So, you are spot on. A large part of these properties are like built -to-suit properties, where the 
lead time typically is 18 to 30 months over there. So, most of the properties that we are talking 
about in the 18 to 24-month horizon are all built-to-suit. 
Sumit Kumar: Okay. Sir, just one bookkeeping question. The nature of the difference between EBITDA and 
cash EBIT has largely remained the same , or is there anything else that you would like to 
highlight? 
Meghna Agarwal: No. So, the thing is, the difference between the EBITDA and the cash EBIT would be because 
of these pre-operating expenses, which we do. So, we do the rental capitalization, which is from 
45 to 60 days. But in future years, you would see the gap reducing because we have kind of done 
the capping for 60 days. So, as the portfolio would increase, you would see the gap reducing. 
But the difference is because of the pre-operating expenses of these rental payments for the first 
two months. 
Sumit Kumar: Okay. Sure. That is all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Jahnvi Shah from Share India. Please go ahead. 
Jahnvi Shah: Hello. Hi. Congratulations on the good set of numbers.  And the question that I had, I actually 
wanted you to share some light on the industry, per se. Like you have multiple seats that you are 
going to put out in the next two years. You have a pipeline for that. But do you see any slowdown 
in the demand perspective, or are we optimistic on the same? And which cities do we see more 
demand in? 
Rishi Das: Yes. Thank you. So, if you look at -- just to give you some macro data, I mentioned that earlier 
that for the nine -month period ending September 2025, the gross absorption of real estate in 
India is about 60 million square feet.  And within the last quarter, this number was 20 million 
square feet. So, this is a record all -time high absorption of real estate in India. And out of this, 
21% of the office space absorption has been done by the flex operators. 
 So, flex has become a very, very substantial part. 40% of this space has been occupied by Global 
Capability Centers. So, there is quite an upbeat demand.  Most of the Indian cities today are 
running at very low vacancy levels because supply addition has not been as steep as the demand.  
 So, that's the macro.  And having said that, the GCCs are contributing a very large part. But if 
you look at the mid -cap IT companies and the non -IT Indian companies, like our old -school 
typical manufacturing or pharma, FMCG retail, they are also occupying a lot of space. Plus, the 
startups are occupying a lot of space. 
 So, today , the absorption is quite diverse from that perspective. So, we are not seeing any 
slowdown as such. Of course, there is a question of the big elephant in the room, which is the 
[page 13]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
rise of AI and all that. Will we see that some impact may happen because of that? But I must say 
that our industry, since the rise of AI, is actually coming in as a handy thing. 
And I will explain why we are saying that, because it's a question that all of us have. If you look 
at when people come to us, why they approach a model like flex office spaces. See, for startups, 
it's primarily a cash flow and agility consideration.  They are in a hyper-growth phase, and they 
prefer to deploy capital towards their core business rather than locking that into long-term VLSS. 
But if you go on to the enterprises and GCC, their driver is different. They aspire for grade -A 
office spaces. They try to go to the larger tech parks. But as you know, most of the larger tech 
parks have larger floor plates. They are controlled by large leads. They prefer to give the entire 
floor. And they want to fix commitments. So this limits the flexibility in terms of size, cost, and 
customization. 
So what our industry and Indi qube in particular bring is that this gap, basically, between what 
the larger operators are offering and enterprises and GCCs are looking for, we are able to provide 
a ready, managed, scalable solution that fits in. 
And last but not least important is that our industry has been delivering a 20% to 25% cost saving 
compared to conventional office spaces. And this comes because of economies of scale, the 
wholesale-to-retail cost advantages, and shared services efficiency that we pass on to our clients. 
 Now, with the emergence of AI -driven efficiencies and periodic workforce structuring, 
companies are becoming more cautious and seeking agility and flexibility in their real estate 
strategies. If you look at one of the recent CBRE reports, it very clearly says that for most of the 
large occupiers, the question is not flex versus traditional leasing. The question they are asking 
is what percentage of my space should be flexed. 
 So rather than reducing demand, if you ask me, the uncertainty is actually accelerating the 
adoption of flexible workspaces. And that's reflected in the increased share of the total 
commercial real estate absorption. 
Jahnvi Shah: Thank you so much. S ir, just one last question. It is again on an industry basis only.  Since this 
entire flex market is doing really well, a lot of players have been listed. And I'm seeing the rise 
of more -- there are too many new entrants in the same industry right now because I think there 
is a very low entry barrier? 
 How -- and everyone is scaling up really fast. Everyone is adding up seats really fast. Everyone 
has almost 30,000 to 40,000 seats within the first year itself.  So, I'm just thinking, how do we 
see ourselves competing against them because they are in a growth phase, and they are providing 
services at a very cheap cost. So, how are we placed against them? 
Rishi Das: So, I will go back to looking at the way the traditional commercial office spaces are. Today, you 
look at, for example, Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune, and NCR. You will see there are two or three 
developers who are absolutely dominant , right? And to be very honest with you -- so that is 
exactly how the managed office industry is evolving. 
[page 14]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 For example, we talked about Bangalore . Now, in Bangalore, we have more than 20% market 
share of the entire flex industry. So, what happens is that there are a lot of network effects coming 
in. For example, suppose I am a large occupier looking for office space, I would like to go with 
an operator who typically can continue to support my growth. I don't want one operator for one 
building, another operator for another building, or I don't want discontinuity. 
 So, larger operators, whosoever are there in any given city, that is a big moat in this business. 
So, in how many cities people are present and how dominant they are in a given city, I think , 
will be a very, very important metric that will build barriers. 
Second thing is, if you see, GCCs are the biggest occupiers , and as Meghna mentioned, people 
who have taken more than 300 seats constitute 65%. So, this essentially is an enterprise business. 
Now, if you are a large enterprise, whenever you float an RFP, you typically like Big 5 to 
participate. 
You don't open the RFP to 20 to 30 participants for any service or any product. And that is what 
this industry is gravitating towards. There will be four, five large -- in excess of 5 million square 
feet-- pan-India presence, offering the entire spectrum. And then you will have one-city players 
who might be very dominant in one city, kind of a thing. And then the whole complexity around 
the value-added services. 
Again, now I will go back to my hotel example. If you look at today, anybody can open a hotel. 
But over a period of time, if there is a brand like a Taj , Oberoi, or Alila, you see the difference 
in the quality of service. So , surely in our industry, the quality of service, the SLAs, the 
dependability, all these are catching up. And that is the reason why I said that 40% of the space 
is occupied by clients who have taken multiple centers. So, there is a big, strong referenceability 
network effect coming in. 
So, a combination of all of this is playing out. And while you may not see a lot of smaller players 
having existential crises, we definitely see that at least 50% or 60% of the market will gravitate 
towards the big four or five players. And all these factors that I talked about will play out. And 
they are already playing out in our case.  I gave you a case in point, Bangalore , Chennai, or 
Coimbatore, kind of locations, where we have a large dominance. 
Jahnvi Shah: Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from Mohit Agrawal from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Agrawal: Good afternoon, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Just a couple of them. First, for the first half, you've reported an operating cash flow 
of INR150 crores, and you have a capex of about INR180 crores. With you broadly guiding 
about 30% revenue growth, it's fair to say that FY'27  is a year when you turn free cash flow 
positive? 
Meghna Agarwal: FY'27? Yes, I mean, it will be breakeven or slightly positive, Mohit, definitely in FY'27, that's 
what we are seeing. 
[page 15]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Mohit Agrawal: Okay. So, thanks. So broadly, let's assume the capex would be in the INR350 crores range for, 
let's say, '27 also. And then obviously, the operating cash flows will improve, right? Is that the 
right way to look at it? 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes, absolutely. That is exactly the right way to look at it. 
Mohit Agrawal: Okay. My second question is just trying to think about what could be the biggest probable  
challenges that you would face. And one of them would be sourcing the supply. When we track 
other REIT companies and commercial real estate companies, we see that the rental escalations 
in certain cities like Hyderabad and Bangalore have been more than 5% and 7%. 
 So how -- if you could kind of take us through what has been the challenges if you're facing, if 
any? And do you think that could be a big differentiator of -- now you have already 9.2 million 
square feet. But are the rental escalations too high to pass on to your tenants? Or has that not 
been a challenge? If you could kind of take us through some of the challenges on the supply 
sourcing side, that would be nice. 
Rishi Das: Thank you. So as you rightly highlighted that from a short to medium run, we are sorted because 
of the 9.14 million supply that we have. Now , what we are currently focused on is looking at 
FY'28 and beyond , kind of supplies. And there, we are looking at a combination of 
predominantly two kinds of supply. 
 One is the build-to-suit, where we get into -- with landlords and most of them non-institutional 
kind of landlords at the baking stage at the land stage, conceive the projects, help them through 
the whole process, and get a good quality purpose -built building. And we have seen that if we 
get in early in the process, these buildings are 15% to 20% cheaper. So that will be the one big 
mainstay of our supply. 
Second, we have -- we are looking at renovated buildings. Now, there we have a product called 
Cornerstone. Now, through Cornerstone, what we are doing is we are looking at acquiring a lot 
of older assets. It's like a lot of brownfield that you have seen in airports happening. So India  
has almost 0.5 billion square feet of real estate, which is more than 10 years old. And a very 
large percentage of that is non-institutional. 
So we are going to see how we can offer asset management in those buildings and increase our 
footprint. And since we have already executed about 3 million square feet of renovated 
buildings, we are seeing a lot of first-mover advantage. So a lot of our supply in the CBD, SBD 
will come through that route. 
And since these buildings are older buildings, they are coming at a fraction of the price of a new 
building coming up in that market. Like to give you an idea of Bangalore MG Road, if a new 
building today is getting signed up at INR300, these buildings are coming at INR130, INR140. 
So there is a huge delta even after doing renovation and all that, that we see a good head start. 
And then, of course, we will pick up some supplies, which are more reactive, wherever a client 
says, okay, I want to get into this tech park and all that, we will go with the bag of money and 
pick up supplies over there. So it will be a combination of all three. And we always take a three 
[page 16]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
to five year view when it looks at supply because supply cannot be solved in the short run in a 
price -- cost-effective manner. So that is -- the combination of all this is what Mohit has been 
our strategy. 
And in a high -performing market like Bangalore , imagine like which is the best performing 
market in the country, if we are today dominant, I think we have been dominant because of a 
mix of all that I just said. 
Mohit Agrawal: That's great. So Rishi, just on your Bangalore example of INR300 rental getting at INR130, 
INR140, typically, what would be the per square feet capex that you will end up doing? And 
would you get -- when you renovate the building, would you get a 2 x, 2.5x multiplier around 
the INR300 from the tenant? 
Rishi Das: Yes. Yes. So, you are so right on that. Typically, the capex incurred on renovation is between 
INR500 and INR1,000 per square foot . And this is done in a contributory manner with the 
landlord and us. And once we do the renovation, we are seeing that our per-seat yield is 
improving by 20% to 30%. Improvement we are finding. And most of the payback in renovations 
is between 18 and 30 months. All our renovation paybacks have been of that magnitude. So, yes. 
Mohit Agrawal: Great. Perfect. Thanks a lot and all the best.  
Rishi Das: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mittul Thakkar from Astha. Please go ahead.  Mr. Thakkar, 
your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. 
Mittul Thakkar: My question is covered by the previous participant. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will proceed to the next question from the line of Bipul Kumar from Narnolia 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. Yes. 
Bipul Kumar: Hi. Good afternoon. So, am I audible? 
Rishi Das: Yes. 
Bipul Kumar: Yes. So, my first question is, what is the current consumption trend of managed office spaces in 
terms of square feet? And what are the growth drivers of it? Basically, what is the outlook? 
Rishi Das: Yes. So, if you look at the 60 million square feet of absorption that has happened in India this 
year in the nine-month period, 20%-21% of that has happened by the flex industry. So, at a year 
level, if you take 80 million square  feet, basically 16 to 20 million square feet of absorption is 
what the flex industry is doing. 
 And today we are almost at 100 million square feet, kind of a total stock of flex office space in 
the country, likely to go up to 140 million in the next two years, with an annual addition of about 
20 million annually. 
Bipul Kumar: And what are the growth drivers for it? 
[page 17]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Rishi Das: So, growth drivers are multiple. I will say, like some of that I talked about, like why people are 
coming to our industry. One big factor is that work is going where people are, rather than people 
going where work is.  If you look at my generation , where work was, but today work is going 
where people are. That's where you see a rise in a lot of Tier 2 cities. That is one factor. 
 Second factor is the whole hotelization or amenization of work spaces. People want everything 
in the office. It's like today , when you buy the apartment, you don't buy the four walls.  You 
pretty much buy the experience. So, people want a very similar kind of thing in office spaces. 
That is a big driver over there. 
 Then people want a lot of flexibility because, like, three years, five years down, how things will 
move. So, variabilization is clearly what companies are looking at. So, larger companies, if they 
have a 10 million portfolio, they want 2 million of their portfolio or 3 million of their portfolio 
to be in the flex model. That is driving the things.  
So then, as I talked about, as the city centers are seeing the metro coming in, they are coming 
back to life. Most of the stock in city centers is in very old buildings. So, if one can come and 
renovate and offer a great experience, there is an opportunity over there. And the physical 
infrastructure, the digital infrastructure connectivity is so good in a lot of Tier 2 cities that a lot 
of jobs are going over there. So, the whole growth is getting democratized, and the average size 
of an office is reducing. 
 Like earlier, if you see companies will have a big one fat campus. Instead of having one big fat 
campus, they will say, Okay, I will have a hub and then I will have spokes,  maybe in the same 
city or in other cities. So, the distributed office concept is coming in, and then  the whole 
application of technology. So, all companies are basically the tailwinds that are helping the rise 
of the flex industry. 
Bipul Kumar: Okay, great. One more question regarding the self-sustainable growth. So, could you provide us 
with the self-sustainable growth rate for us? 
Rishi Das: So, as Meghana mentioned, if we were to look at whatever supply stock we have, all of that, I 
think we are quite hopeful that we should be able to sustain a 30% kind of a growth rate, 30 %-
35%, maybe plus or minus 2%-3% here and there. I think that kind of growth looks very doable 
to us over the next two financial years for sure. Okay. 
Bipul Kumar: And one more last question. What is ou r current capex per square feet? A nd how will it go  
ahead? 
Rishi Das: Our current capex is about INR1,517 - 1 - 7 per square feet at a portfolio level. And we see that 
there will be a 2%-3% or maybe 4% inflation year-on-year on these numbers. 
Bipul Kumar: Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. \ 
Rishi Das: Thank you.  
[page 18]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: Next question is from Raj from Fident. Please go ahead. 
Raj: Yes, hi. My question was regarding the design and build segment. So, what kind of order book 
do we currently  have in that segment?  What is the  -- if you could share some revenue targets 
that you are targeting for the next one or two years? And in terms of our clients, what percentage 
of our clients opt for design and build as well? So, that was my first question. 
Meghna Agarwal: So, we have not divided in terms of numbers the design and build. So the way we put it is like 
in terms of the value -added services or in the financial leases. So, as we said, you know, the 
growth rate will be growing at close to about 30%.  Now, this will be a combination of both 
leasing, bespoke model, grow model, design, and build. 
In the pipeline, I mean, we do have close to almost like about -- close to about, you know, in 
leasing like just next quarter -- next two quarters, at about 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh square feet of design 
and build in just like next two quarters. But as I said, it's the top-line growth we cater to, and this 
all comes as a part of the growth. We have not divided it into how many clients and all. Yes. 
Raj: Okay. And any plans on doing the manufacturing of furniture as well? I think a couple of peers 
are also looking at that. 
Meghna Agarwal: No, no. So, that is definitely not on the cards because for us, actually, you know, when it comes 
to furniture or any design specifically, if you see, the design has been evolving quite fast. I mean, 
what we were doing probably just six months back, we're not doing it anymore.  And the 
innovation which is happening in the materials, you know, biophilia and so many things, you 
know, the manufacturing would be like sticking yourself, you know, become rigid. 
 And rigidity is definitely what we kind of get away with. Our idea is to work with multiple 
OEMs, you know, multiple designers, and the manufacturers,  and bring them on a platform.  
And, you know, so we kind of do something like a contract manufacturing, you know, bring on 
the platform, give our own designs, but not to manufacture ourselves. 
Raj: Okay. Okay. Got it. Yes. And just one more question. So, before any, if you venture into any 
new area or any new geography, how do you decide on a particular target market? How do you 
decide whether this would be -- this specific area would be a good area for a new center? Whether 
it is based on a good availability of a great asset, or it is more about whether the clients are 
situated in this area? So how do you decide on a new area? 
Rishi Das: So basically, it is more -- as I said, that we have a strategy of following the talent. So wherever 
we see a good concentration of talent, it's not a question of whether, it's just a question of when 
we are going to go there. And we may discuss different strategies to get into that market, but we 
pretty much have to get there. So I think talent is a key driver. Once we are clear on that, okay, 
there is a lot of, for example, if you look at a city like Bhubaneswar, we see that there is a big 
amount of diaspora, right? A lot of Odiya people, or you see people from the Northeast. 
 There'll be a lot of people who will be working in different parts of the world , so wherever we 
see that the diaspora is there, people will have a susceptibility to go back to their native places. 
I think those are a clear short list. 
[page 19]
 IndiQube Spaces Limited 
  November 10, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 Then what we look at is, okay, getting a good quality asset. Let me tell you why we are talking 
so much about Tier 2. The quality of supply in Tier 2 is just not there. So a lot of times we end 
up assigning built-to-suit or under -construction buildings, and all of that is where we have to 
work. So we look for the right supply in these locations. And then we try to see if there is an 
anchor support for us. 
 Basically, suppose one of our existing clients is keen to pick up some space, it gives us a lot of 
impetus in the beginning. So when it comes to Tier 2 locations, that's the strategy. But when we 
talk about Tier 1, definitely , if you look at Bangalore, it  has almost 15 micro markets, and 
Bombay has about 10 micro markets. 
 So we continuously keep looking for the micro markets where we are not present and , at the 
right time,  start in those micro markets. A lot of data in terms of competitive intensity, 
availability of office spaces, and our clients'  willingness to go there. All this is basically a 
continuous process. 
 And for us, every property that we pick up is like an investment. It can give us pain or pleasure 
for the next 15 to 20 years. So we are very careful whenever it comes to picking up assets , and 
we do a fair amount of due diligence. A scorecard is there. There is a committee that looks into 
any new property that is getting added before those decisions are made. 
Raj: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand over the conference to 
management for closing comments. 
Rishi Das: Thank you so much for all the time, and the questions were really very deep and insightful. And 
our intent was to keep our brief short and give as many opportunities to ask the questions. And 
I'm sure the analysts and investors on the call, the shareholders are better informed about the 
company. And thank you so much, yes, for all your time. 
Meghna Agarwal: Yes. Thank you. 
Rishi Das: And thank you, Ambit. Thank you, Karan, for making this possible. 
Meghna Agarwal: Thank you. Thank you for everything. Thank you. 
Rishi Das: And thank you, Valorem team, for making this happen. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Rishi Das: Thank you. 
