[page 1]
 
Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
(Formerly known as Smartworks Coworking Spaces Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Unit No. 305 – 310, Plot No. 9,10, & 11, Vardhman Trade Centre, Nehru Place, South Delhi – 110 019. 
Corporate Office: DLF Commercial Building, Block - 3, Zone-6, DLF Phase – 5, Gurugram, Haryana-122002 
Phone No: 0124-6919 400 
CIN: L74900DL2015PLC310656 
 
Date: 28th July, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla  
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051  
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”)  
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
  
NSE Scrip Symbol: SMARTWORKS BSE Scrip Code: 544447 
ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015- Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
As per Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Transcript of the discussion on the Un-Audited (Standalone 
and Consolidated) Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026 along with the Limited 
Review Report thereon, at the analyst meet held on Wednesday the 22nd Day of July, 2026, is available on the 
website of the Company at  https://www.smartworksoffice.com/investors/. 
 
The analyst meet, conducted through Audio means at 04.00 P.M. (IST) and concluded at 05:04 P.M. (IST) on 
July 22, 2026.   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
 
 
 
 
Punam Dargar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A56987 
Address: Unit No. 305-310, Plot No 9, 10 & 11 Vardhman  
Trade Centre Nehru Place, South Delhi, Delhi, Delhi, India, 110019 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
1Q FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 22, 2026 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEETISH SARDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 MR. HARSH BINANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 MR. SAHIL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 MR. PRATIK AGARWAL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 MR. ANIRUDH TAPURIAH – CHIEF OF STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: MR. KARAN KHANNA – AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Call, hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Khanna. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Karan Khanna: Thank you, Ananya. Good afternoon, everyone and on behalf of Ambit Capital, I would like to 
welcome you all to the 1Q FY27 Earnings Conference Call for Smartworks Coworking Spaces 
Limited. 
From the management today, we have with us Mr. Neetish Sarda, Managing Director; Mr. Harsh 
Binani, Executive Director; Mr. Sahil Jain, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Pratik Agarwal, Chief 
Business Officer; and Mr. Anirudh Tapuriah , Chief of Strategy and Investor Relations of the 
company. 
We would like to now begin the call with opening remarks from the management, post which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. Thank you and over 
to Neetish and Harsh. 
Neetish Sarda: Thank you, Karan. Good afternoon, everyone , and thank you for joining us. This month marks 
one year since Smartworks listed on the NSE and BSE. We are grateful to every stakeholder 
who has been part of this journey. In this one year, we have delivered what we promised earlier, 
the fastest growth in the industry, both in area, revenue, and EBITDA, and steadily rising market 
share quarter after quarter. 
 Let me go through our model in a minute. Smartworks leases entire buildings from India's 
leading developers and non-institutional landlords in prime micro-markets and transforms them 
into fully managed, amenity-rich campuses with cafeterias, gyms, crèches, convenience stores, 
recreation zones, and round-the-clock support for the client. For them, it is a single contract, one 
SLA, one invoice, and a genuine one-stop solution for everything their workplace requires.  
 Our platform has grown to almost 17 million square foot of total area and over 760 clients from 
Fortune 500 to Forbes 2000 companies, MNCs, leading Indian conglomerates, and unicorns. We 
have over 150,000 professionals working out of our campuses on a day-to-day basis. 
Our clients typically sign long-tenure agreements of four to five years, which gives our revenue 
an annuity -like character. Committed contracted revenue today stands at approximately INR  
5,400 crores, and 87% of our FY27 revenue is already contracted for.  
 Let me talk about Q1 '27 now. This is another strong quarter and another sequential step-up. Our 
revenues stood at INR  546 crores, up 44% year -on-year and 5% quarter -on-quarter. The 
normalized EBITDA of INR 107 crores, up 74% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter, with 
the margin expanding from 19% in the last quarter to 19.6% this quarter. 
[page 4]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Our normalized PAT stood at INR  39 crores, which nearly tripled from INR  13 crores in the 
same quarter last year. Our operational area stands at 10.4 million square foot with committed 
occupancy of mature centres  around (1) 92%. The multi-city clients now contribute 35% of our 
revenue, up from 31% in FY26. 
The next metric, which is 1,000 plus seater cohort, now contributes more than 41% of 
Smartworks' revenue, up from 37% in FY26. We have increased our penetration into GCC 
clients as well. Today, GCC clients contribute 21% of our revenue, up from 15% in FY26, with 
significant headroom ahead. Every durable metric, whether it is revenue, EBITDA, margins, 
PAT, and ROCE, has continued to move up for 5 consecutive quarters post listing.  
A fresh capex cycle has started this quarter. In our industry, there are two ways to reach 20% 
margin. You can oscillate towards them cycle after cycle, or you can compound to them quarter 
after quarter. Smartworks compounds. The low volatility, durability of cash flows, and scale 
make us anti -fragile and set  us apart from any of our peers. I will let Harsh talk through the 
remaining highlights in detail shortly.  
Let me put our growth in market context briefly. Two things are happening at once , and our 
client roster shows we are leading both, not following them. 
 One, the office market is at a record high. Flex is its biggest buyer, and Flex is consolidating fast 
towards us. India recorded its highest ever quarterly leasing of 24.6 million square foot, with 
27% coming through Flex, a big jump from 19% a year ago. Within Flex, Cushman & 
Wakefield's data shows a widening gap. The top 10 operators' share of Flex leasing has climbed 
every year, from 67% in 2024 to 72% in 2025. It's already gone to 74% in H1 of this year, with 
the long tail continuing to remain less than 5% and shrinking further.  
 Scale, balance sheet strength, and developer relations are now the price of entry, and smaller 
players simply cannot add buildings the way large platforms can. The big are getting bigger and 
we are the biggest, growing the fastest. Our lead over the next largest operator in terms of area 
will only keep expanding.  
 The second trend is AI and GCCs are expanding office demand, and they are already our clients. 
The AI workforce inside India's GCC is set to grow fourfold by 2030, and that demand lands in 
premium collaboration-rich campuses, exactly what we build. GCCs today contribute 21% of 
our rental revenue, up from 15% in FY26, and several of our largest clients are building their AI 
and GCC talent hubs inside Smartworks campuses today, including Switzerland's largest 
financial institution, a global CX and digital services leader, and this quarter, the subsidiary of a 
leading Japanese NBFC at our Mumbai campus. 
The result - Commercial real estate is growing at more than 6%, but Flex is growing at 23%. 
Within this, Smartworks is growing at 44%, roughly seven times the office market and twice the 
Flex market.  
  
(1)Edited for the purpose of readability 
[page 5]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
This is not riding a trend; this is where the trend lands. For the past 4 to 5 years, demand for 
office space in our micro -markets has outpaced the availability of new office buildings. In a 
market running short of quality office supply, getting the right building first is the biggest 
advantage, and we widened that lead this quarter.  
 Every building Smartworks needs for the next two years is already secured, and work on FY29 
has begun. By strategically acquiring long-term rights to properties in prime locations, our office 
space is already signed up for future years with uninterrupted access to quality buildings for the 
next 10 to 15 years. This forward visibility on buildings matched with contracted visibility on 
revenue is what lets us keep taking more and more market share.  
 Over the last 12 months, we have added 2.1 million square foot of operational space, including 
0.3 million square foot just this quarter. Already at healthy commitment levels, over the next 9 
months, another 3 million square foot comes online, including t wo marquee properties, 
Eastbridge in Mumbai, an 8.15 lakh square foot asset in Vikhroli, which we are pleased to 
announce is the world's largest standalone managed campus, surpassing our own record, and 
Eastside in Pune . B oth land in H2 of FY27 with strong  pre-fills. Tomorrow's campuses  are 
contracted today. 
Talking a little bit about our international expansion . We are also expanding strategically in 
Singapore. With the acquisition of Work studio we now operate over 1,500 seats in Singapore, 
double what we started with, existing centres running at high occupancy and with no risk taken 
on the Indian balance sheet . Our capital allocation philosophy is simple: international growth 
funds itself from international cash flows, while India cash flows are deployed into the domestic 
platform where the growth runway remains long. 
We reaffirm our guidance of 28% to 30% revenue growth, normalized EBITDA margins 
between 19% to 20%, and an operational footprint of over 13 million square foot by March 2027, 
anchored by INR  5,400 crores of contracted revenue and a ready pipeline of signed buildings 
which are already under construction. 
Our ROCE held at 21.5% through the heaviest investment quarter in our history, and as this 
capex cohort matures and completes payback, we expect ROCE to expand meaningfully through 
FY28. The path is steady and predictable by construction. 
With that, I hand it over to Harsh for the financial and operational details. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you, Neetish. Let me walk you through the quarter and , more importantly, what the 
numbers say about the underlying health of the business. On revenue, it increased to INR  546 
crores, up 44% year-on-year and 5% quarter-on-quarter, driven by existing client s expanding, 
our centres maturing, and new seats added. The majority of revenue comes from our core rental 
business, which grows consistently every quarter. 
[page 6]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Increasingly, growth comes from existing clients expanding across our network even as we win 
new logos, and expansion revenue is the lowest-risk revenue there is. Low acquisition cost, low 
ramp risk, and growth is powered by clients we already know. 
On profitability, our normalized EBITDA rose to INR 107 crores, which is up 74% year-on-year 
and 8% quarter -on-quarter, with margin expanding to 19.6% from 16.2% in Q1 FY26. This 
improvement was l argely driven by cent re maturity, several cost excellence initiatives , 
particularly on energy, and operating leverage at both centre and corporate levels. Our 
normalized PAT was INR 39 crores, which is nearly triple the INR 13 crores a year ago and up 
11% sequentially. 
On cash generation, our operating cash flow to EBITDA was 0.9x this quarter on normalized 
operating cash flow of INR 95 crores, which is up 10% year-on-year. Structurally, this ratio runs 
above 1x. Ours is a negative working capital model with roughly six days debtors. The dip this 
quarter reflects is largely on account of INR  33 crores of security deposit paid to landlords to 
book buildings through FY28 and partially for FY29. We are paying today to own tomorrow's 
growth. 
On the investment front, our free cash flow is negative INR  56 crores against negative INR 4.9 
crores a year ago, as capex stepped up 66% year -on-year to ~INR 150 crores. Of this, INR  
45crores went into upcoming centres and already signed clients - spend that is ROCE-accretive 
by design. The balance sheet remains virtually debt-free with net debt of just INR 5.6 crores and 
borrowing cost under 9%. 
Our credit rating got upgraded earlier this year. Growth at Smartworks is self-funded by design. 
On returns, our annualized ROCE held at 21.5%, which is up 870 bps year-on-year, despite INR 
151 crores of fresh capital deployed into capex.  As the portfolio matures, the path to further 
ROCE accretion is steady and predictable. 
Capital efficiency is a metric which is worth watching. The gap between EBITDA and PAT is 
narrowing every quarter as centres mature and complete payback. This captures how much of 
our operating profit converts to bottom line, and it improves mechanically as the portfolio ages. 
On our client quality, our seat retention was 74%, but you should read this alongside committed 
occupancy of mature centres, which stands at a very healthy 92%, and alongside the fact that 
occupied seats actually rose during the quarter. This reflects deliberate portfolio rebalancing and 
mark-to-market repricing at renewal. The client count is down while occupied seats and revenue 
are up. Fewer, bigger, longer-duration clients - that is by design. 
Our occupancy was 81% versus 82% in Q4 FY26. It's purely a function of newly opened 
buildings still filling up. Our mature centres are running at 89% occupancy on 9.1 million square 
foot, with committed occupancy of 92%. That is where the newer cohort is headed. The 
resilience on our balance sheet continues to get strengthened. Our asset-liability mismatch is 
eliminated up to FY29. 
The committed client lock-ins cover our landlord rental commitments roughly two times over at 
the portfolio level. Our resilience through cycles is evident. The model that we have built is built 
[page 7]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
to hold in downturns as well. Value pricing keeps us as a preferred partner, and no client typically 
takes more than 30% of a campus. Through every cycle since inception, we have not surrendered 
a single campus. 
So why does our model compound? Firstly, scale gives us cost leadership. At 10.4 million square 
foot operational, we are the largest platform in the industry, and scale earns us preferred terms 
from landlords and lower unit costs across leasing and operati on. Green initiatives, including 
solar adoption across campuses, are cutting our energy costs and improving economics for us 
and our clients. 
Our larger centres continue to get filled by larger clients. The rising share of 1,000 plus seat 
cohort and multi-city clients shows the network effect strategy at work. Even as the new centres 
get bigger, ramp -up times have stayed constant, and once a centre crosses breakeven, 
incremental revenue flows disproportionately to EBITDA. 
Importantly, our margins are continuing to expand irrespective of the capex cycle. This is the 
heart of the model. Each new investment cycle lands on a larger , mature near-fixed-cost base. 
So, every new cohort is smaller relative to that base , and its ramp-up drag keeps shrinking. At 
our current scale, adding new centres and the associated capex is simply not margin dilutive. 
Our enterprise annuity demand is at 92% of our rental revenue with 1,000 plus seat cohort on 48 
months tenure expanding with us across cities. Technology is our cornerstone. It lets us grow 
fast, scale consistently, and now with intelligence embedded deep ly through AI, it's opening a 
clear monetization path ahead. For more details, refer to our earnings presentation, Page 40 
onwards. 
Finally, our growth will continue to be self -funded. Negative working capital and durable cash 
flows means growth is funded primarily from internally generated cash. The flywheel turns on 
its own fuel. Put together, we have visibility on both sides of business. A ready pipeline of signed 
buildings for FY27 and ’28, and INR 5,400 crores of contracted revenue covering 87% of FY27. 
Quarter after quarter, we are building a business that is stronger, more resilient, and better 
equipped to deliver sustainable long -term growth. This is what we mean when we say 
Smartworks is built to compound. This is the same story you will find in our letter and in our 
presentation, because it is the same business. With that, we are happy to take your questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shamit Ashar from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shamit Ashar: Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. So, a couple of questions 
from my side. So, you've announced this acquisition of Work Studio spaces in Singapore. So, 
could you provide some more color on the rationale behind that acquisition and what kind of 
revenues, occupancy do you expect from your Singapore portfolio? And secondly, what is your 
targeted capex outlay for FY27? So are your fit-out costs of INR 1,350 seeing some inflationary 
pressures? 
[page 8]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Neetish Sarda: Let me answer the Singapore question first. The acquisition of Work Studio is completely 
through the cash flows that Smartworks generated with its centres over the last one year. Despite 
taking up a new centre, we had some cash flows which the company had generated and we got 
the opportunity of acquiring Work Studio. 
 Work Studio stood at about 60% occupancy when we acquired it, and we acquired it at the cost 
of construction. So, building out a space of about 14,000 - 15,000 square foot or 17,000 square 
foot in Singapore costs that same amount. So that is the rationale behind acquiring it at that 
number. Occupancy of our current operational centres, before the new acquisition and 
expansion, stood at ~88%(2) percent in Singapore, so we didn't have a lot of seats to sell.  With 
these two centres now getting added, I think there is capacity between 400 to 450(3) seats which 
is now available to sell in Singapore. Hopefully that answers your question. 
Shamit Ashar: And are you looking to scale up your portfolio more in Singapore in the next two, three odd 
years? 
Neetish Sarda: Not meaningfully. These were opportunistic. So, Singapore as a market overall, you know, we're 
already about 80,000 square foot there. Even if we scale up, it's not going to scale up as 
meaningfully. It's not going to go from 80,000 to 160,000 or 200,000. We might add one or two 
more centres depending on how these centres perform, but with the kind of traction that we've 
already seen with our two existing centres and the pre-filled demand that we have for our third 
new centre, you know, we might increase this but not in a meaningful manner. 
Harsh Binani: And just to add to Neetish’s comments, Singapore roughly is about 1,500 seats and it's about 2% 
of our revenue. Of course, Singapore market is meaningfully more profitable given the cost 
efficiency and the Indian structure we've been able to bring along. However, we recognize 
clearly where our strength in India lies and India is at about 17 million square foot of space. So, 
Singapore, as Neetish pointed out, will continue to be self-sustaining and as a philosophy, cash 
flows generated from Singapore will continue fuelling growth in Singapore w hile the India 
capital allocation will be firmly rooted in the India business. 
Shamit Ashar: And my next question on capex? 
Neetish Sarda: Yes. So, our capex estimated is between INR 550 crores to INR 600 crores for the year. This 
capex includes two sets: it includes refurbishment capex that we typically do in our centres after 
every three years and this is also the fresh capex that will go in. If you look at our presentation, 
we've also called out the new assets which are already coming in. 
 Smartworks has signed up more than 3.5 million square foot of space already which is either 
under construction or coming up for construction within the first two quarters of the year itself. 
So, you will see a significant amount of capex cycle coming in because if you look at the 
committed occupancies of our operational centres, we were already at about 88% to 90% where 
we had very limited seats to sell.  
 
(2) 92% was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
(3) 200 to 250 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 9]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
With the new acquisitions coming in, with the new properties that we've taken, there is going to 
be a capex cycle coming in - at least for the next two quarters you'll see this number to be 
meaningfully high - and we are projecting to spend anywhere between INR 550 crores to INR 
600 crores on the capex for this year. 
Shamit Ashar: Got it. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yashas Gilganchi from Bank of Baroda Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Yashas Gilganchi: Hello team, thank you for taking my questions. I'd like to know how much of your expansion 
would you say is speculative? Say for instance, if you were to lease 100 units of space from the 
landlord, how much of that space is already spoken for? 
Neetish Sarda: So, thanks Yashas for that question. I think let's break this down into two parts. One is how we 
go ahead and acquire a building once we have enough demand coming in for that location. 
Smartworks has gotten into an effect where there is a flywheel effect on our demand and supply. 
We're going ahead and acquiring more and more properties in locations where we're seeing our 
existing clients asking us to give them more options. 
 So, if you look at our multi -city deals or companies which have moved with Smartworks in 
different cities, that has gone up from 31% to 35% this quarter, which means that almost 3 0% 
to 35% of any building that we are taking typically  gets pre-committed by existing clients of 
Smartworks or one of the clients who's looking at entering into the building. 
 Our ramp-up occupancy - if you look at our history also, within 13 to 14 months is when we get 
to about an 80 -85% occupancy, and that is a trend that we've continuously seen despite taking 
larger and larger buildings. So when we were taking the 300,000-400,000 square foot building, 
then also we were able to ramp up in 13 to 14 months, and with some of the acquisitions that 
we've done last year with 600,000-700,000 square foot building, which have already matured  - 
and some of the other assets (4) - we've gone ahead and increased our occupancy to more than 
80% within the first 13 months itself. 
 So that trend of having about 35% pre-commitment with occupancy ramp-up within the first 12 
months or 13 months to 8 5% is what you're going to continuously see with the new centres as 
well. 
Yashas Gilganchi: All right, understood. And over FY27, you expect to see any material change in your tenant 
roster? Where are you noticing a decrease in demand and which cohorts do you expect to pick 
up the slack? 
 
 
(4) Eastbridge was mentioned in error. The same has been omitted as a correction. 
  
[page 10]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Neetish Sarda: So, we are actually seeing demand coming from all sectors, but it's a conscious call to diversify 
our risk. If you look at our operational client mix, which we've shared in our presentation, you 
will see that our dependency on IT/ITES has significantly gone down. We've actually increased 
our penetration into manufacturing and engineering, professional services where most of our 
focus is now moving towards them as well. 
 Will this hold at these percentages? It's very difficult to say whether it'll hold at these numbers 
exactly. There might be some changes, but the target is to make sure that we diversify our client 
mix. We continue focusing on not just getting IT/ITES, but  making sure that we have a very 
healthy mix of manufacturing and engineering or business consultancy and professional services 
customers also. You can refer to our presentation, Page Number 17, which clearly calls out the 
current positioning. I think sim ilar numbers you can expect through the financial year. And if 
you look at these numbers, it's a conscious call of reducing our focus on IT/ITES also. If you 
look at IT/ITES, it stood at more than 40% of our total client mix which has already reduced to  
35%(5). 
 So, keeping IT/ITES at about between 25% to 3 0/35% is what the target would be and 
diversifying our client portfolio by focusing a lot more on business consultancy, engineering and 
manufacturing clients. 
Harsh Binani: And on your second question around cohort s, the 1,000 plus seat cohort is our primary engine.  
It was only at 12% in FY22, but due to the powerful network effect, it's already up to 41%. So 
what this indicates is that we are not only leasing large campuses, but also filling it up in record 
time with really large clients who sign up very long duration contracts with us and continue to 
expand and grow with us.  We see GCCs as a primary growth driver. That number within a 
quarter has already moved from 15% to 21% and there is still significant headroom in GCC 
growth in the subsequent quarters. A lot of companies in Europe, US, and Japan are yet to even 
set up a GCC in India, so we see a very bright future there and are making very proactive efforts 
to attract more clients there.  And you will also over the next few quarters - by design - see 
shrinkage of the sub 100 seat cohort, and we believe we want to continue serving the larger 
clients and have a laser sharp focus on the annuity revenue. Hope that addresses your question. 
Thank you. 
Yashas Gilganchi: Yes, that is clear. Thank you very much. I have another question but I’ll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: Yes. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: Yes. Hello, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on occupancy. As 
our operational footprint is expected to approach the 13 million square feet mark by the end of 
the year, how do you see the occupancy tracking up, especially gi ven that we have two large 
centres coming up in the second half? So that's my first question. 
 
(5) 25% was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
  
[page 11]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Neetish Sarda: We have very good demand coming in for the new centres. We have not just two large centres 
coming up, but almost seven to eight different centres across different cities under construction. 
We have very healthy demand coming in.  If you go to Slide 15, you will see that our mix of 
centres is not limited to a particular city. 
You will see it is very well diversified across multiple cities with West, South, North, all holding 
a significant portion of the new supply  which is coming up. We're actually seeing this demand 
coming in every location. And as far as occupancies are concerned, there might be a quarter or 
two where you might see a little bit of volatility on the occupancy, but that depends on the new 
centres which get added because the base effect or the new number seats take a little bit of time 
to ramp up. Having said that, they will not have a significant impact on the margins because our 
older, mature centres are inching more towards the 90% plus occupancies. So, with that, I think 
we can fairly say that  anywhere between 80% to 85%  is where we can effectively look at our 
occupancies throughout the next three quarters, despite the high growth. 
Sourabh Gilda: Thank you. That's helpful. And my second question is on the retention. You have highlighted 
that the drop is as a result of your proactive churn. So, is this churn demand-backed and do you 
see similar opportunities spanning out over the next few quarters? 
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. You shouldn't look at retention on standalone  - you should also look at it with the 
committed occupancy that we have. Our committed occupancy still stands at 92%, and retention 
will only come in mature centres. If you look at our mature centre committed occupancy, we are 
at 92%. There are certain customers who came in 4 -5 years ago at a slightly lower base; now 
that the markets have corrected, we are going ahead and churning  them out and already have 
found a different customer to take over their space. That's why the mature committed occupancy 
still stands at about 92%. 
Having said that, this is a trend that you will see with our company  - if you look at our history 
over the last two years as well, even last year, the first two quarters, there was a little bit of churn, 
because most of the decisions of taking up new offices happens in the first two quarters of every 
year. And then subsequently in quarter three, quarter four, that churn number gets to be much 
smaller and that trend can be seen in the last year's numbers also.  74% is what our quarter two 
retention(6) was, but effectively the year's retention(6) ended up being 80-88%. So, we don't look 
at like a 74%(7) retention(6) is what is not important. What is important is out of that 74%(7) 
retention(6), 92% of our properties are already pre -committed. So, our committed occupancies 
are very wealthy and healthy. So, we've already found a customer to take over their spaces, in 
most of the cases. 
Sourabh Gilda: Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 (6) ‘Churn’ was mentioned in error. Wording corrected above. 
(7) 77% was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
  
[page 12]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Vikrant Kashyap: Hi, congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. On your GCC client additions, your revenue 
there has improved significantly. Have you started benefiting from your SmartVantage 
platform? Is the increment coming from this program that you have started running? And how 
would it improve your average revenue per month given the cycle is continuous? 
Harsh Binani: So, thank you, Vikrant, for the question. Certainly, GCC is a primary growth driver as we look 
at the next two, three years. And the nature of the GCC s continues to evolve across our client 
base. A couple of quarters back, we handed over to one of the largest Swiss banks. Subsequently, 
we've handed over to one large manufacturing GCC. So, you will continue to see diversity in 
sector of GCCs. And today, the GCCs are not limited to only US. We are also seeing a lot of 
incoming demand from Europe and Japan.  
One of the compelling value propositions that we are able to offer to them is , of course,  the 
SmartVantage platform, which handles not only the seats, but also offers all the other services 
that they acquire. It has only been a couple of quarters since we soft launched this program and 
we are happy to share that we are already seeing very positive traction. The SmartVantage 
platform has won two large contracts in terms of providing additional services beyond the seat 
revenue. And we expect this revenue to m eaningfully double over the next two years. And the 
way we look at our GCC strategy, our core will continue to remain our annuity revenue, but the 
one-stop solution we are able to offer to our clients will enhance our stickiness and also ensure 
that the contract duration is longer. 
Neetish Sarda:  And just to add to that, our GCC revenue and the addition in the margin that Harsh has spoken 
about has not started hitting our books yet, because these GCCs that we've signed with additional 
services, we are providing them the space as we speak. It's only been two quarters.  Most of the 
offices are under fit out or have just been handed over. And the value accretion of the other 
services over and above the space will happen, you will meaningfully see that number increase 
over the next two or three quarters. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Muralikrishnan from Sundaram Mutual. Please go ahead. 
Muralikrishnan: Hi, thanks. So, I just wanted to check - while we are covered in terms of supply for FY28 and 
looking for FY29, there are some reports saying that completions have seen some delays. Of 
course, we have started working with large developers. So, are we seeing any issues on the 
supply side in adding the seats? Yes, that's the only question from me. Thanks. 
Harsh Binani: No, supply side visibility in our model is very, very high. Two things that Smartworks focuses 
on is taking large campuses. So, for Smartworks to grow at about 2.5 million square feet to 3 
million square feet, we need to just add seven or eight buildings a year, that's it. That's the number 
that gets us to that 2.5 million square foot or 3 million square foot growth. 
With the kind of visibility and the building signups that we've already done, even if there is a 
delay of a quarter or two quarters, we still have enough supply locked in now where it is not 
going to derail our business plan. In fact, that's the reason our guidance was to get to add about 
2.5 million square feet to 3 million square feet of space. If you look at our presentation on Page 
15, you will see that we've added more than 3.5 million,  so there is a buffer of almost 700 ,000 
[page 13]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
to 800,000 square feet that we have added. Any of these projects that get delayed, there is another 
asset that can compensate for the delay of that project. 
So, supply for us is not an issue, and because we are taking u p and now looking at supply for  
FY29, optionality for Smartworks is very, very high. So, we essentially see what stage the 
building is at, how quickly can we do it - if the builder hands it over to us, we try and build in a 
buffer of at least one or two quarters just in case things get delayed. 
Harsh Binani: To add to Neetish's point, traditionally our business had a very varied set of developers on the 
unorganized and non-institutional side, but over the last 12-18 months, our platform has attracted 
all the marquee institutional grade developers like DLF, Hiranandani, Tata, Panchshil, 
Salarpuria. These  are the partners who deliver on schedule as well, and that is where the 
developer relationship is precisely the hedge that we have against any completion risk per se. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And Murali, Anirudh this side, also just wanted to add, our operational footprint as of June is 
10.4 million square feet. Very happy to share that already 1.9 million square feet is currently 
under fit-out, and the details of the same are available on Slid e 16 of our Investor Presentation. 
So, when we speak about 2.5 to 3 million square feet of annual operating capacity to be added, 
there is full visibility with respect to centres which will be handed over to us as well. Hope that 
answers your question.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Varun Julasaria from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Julasaria: Yes, hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to check on the guidance front . So how 
much additional revenue are we expecting from the new leasing and what is the per-square-foot 
revenue that we have modelled for the additional revenue? I think 22% growth is already 
factored in based on last quarter's revenue and rest will come from the new operations. So, I just 
wanted to check what is the per-square-foot rate that we are considering and how much 
additional rent do we feel we will get from the new assets? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Yes, thanks a lot Varun, for your question. With respect to our visibility, we have guided for 
adding 2.5 to 3 million square feet in fiscal year '27, with our revenue guidance being constant 
at 28% to 30% revenue guidance and a normalized EBITDA guidance of 19% to 20% from a 
full-year perspective. Your question with respect to our realization: our realization for 
incremental seats which we leased out in Q1 FY27 under the mature footprint, it was at around 
INR 181 per square foot. 
Neetish Sarda: And we feel that is the number that will continue - on an occupied basis, it turns out 2.1 to 2.2 
times the cost, two times if you look at occupancy adjustment at 90%, but if you look at 100% 
occupancy(8), the rental revenue(9) is anywhere between 2.2 to 2.3 times of rental cost. 
 
 
 (8) Occupied seats’ cost mentioned - edited for the purpose of readability. 
(9) Revenue was mistakenly mentioned as cost, the sentence has been suitably updated for readability. 
  
[page 14]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Varun Julasaria: Okay sir. I am just wondering because around 22% kind of growth is already factored in based 
on committed occupancy at the current level.  Since we are adding around 20 %, 25% kind of 
additional space, I was wondering if the growth would be slightly higher and if we are kind of 
guiding a little more conservative that way? 
Neetish Sarda: No, so t hese are  new centres which are just coming up right now. So, if you look at our 
committed occupancy, it stands at 92%, so there's not much to sell on our existing base. 
Whatever we sell on the new centres, which takes about 12 months to ramp up and there might 
be certain delays on the property handover also , that's why the range of about 28% to 30% is 
what we are fairly certain about achieving and with the steady margins that we've already said. 
So those numbers we are very confident upon, because we do not have existing properties where 
we have seats to sell. So, whatever we are now building, which will take about four, five months 
to build and then eventually ramp up, you will see maybe Q3  or mostly Q4 see that jump, and 
that's why we are saying that 28% to 30% is what we are fairly confident of achieving. 
Varun Julasaria: Okay sir. And this last question on the OCF to EBITDA. This time we saw slight decline, I think 
working capital change was in our favor? So just wanted to understand if there is any particular 
reason, like although it is still healthy, but just wanted to check? 
Harsh Binani: No, certainly, we  have elaborated this further in our shareholder letter as well. Our OCF to 
EBITDA included INR 33 crores of security deposit, which we have used for securing strategic 
leasing of properties for FY28 and FY29 in several prime locations, and therefore we will 
continue to add supply for future. And you might see these momentary dips, but structurally our 
business continues to be negative working capital. Our receivable days are six days as you would 
have seen. That is a big strength of the company. And we continue to have a fair amount of float 
income as well in terms of the security deposits that we receive from our tenants. 
Varun Julasaria: Okay, sure. Thanks, thanks, that's it. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Yes, hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Just to zoom in on the capex granularity that you provided. 
Between refurb and new fit-outs, how does refurb capex compare with new fit-out capex? I mean 
new fit-outs are probably in the range of INR 1,500 or so, so how much do you spend on the 
refurb? 
Neetish Sarda: No, so new capex is at INR  1,350 which then increases by 5% every year because of cost of 
inflation. The refurbishment capex is closer to about 15% of the initial capex that we do. That is 
an estimate 15% of the total value, so that whatever that number would be INR 1,400, INR 
1,450, about 15% of that every three years is the refurbishment capex that we  have built in.  
Approximately 5%. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And just to give you some context with respect to how it is also seasoned for us , if you look at 
Slide 52 of our Investor Presentation, our last year capex outflow was INR  388 crores. When 
you look at our footprint, our fiscal year ‘25 operational footprint was 8.1 million square feet. 
[page 15]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
From there we matured to 10.1 million square feet by March ‘26. And then we are guiding for 
2.5 to 3 million square feet of operational square foot addition this year. That is where the 
estimates which Neetish had shared earlier comes into play. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next follow -up question is from the line of Devang Patel from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devang Patel: The PPT mentions the share of IT and ITES in revenue is down to 35%. Within this, my question 
was what is the share of call centres and have you seen impact on renewals from this particular 
segment because of AI? 
Neetish Sarda: So, I do not think call centres anyways contributed to significantly into our numbers. We do not 
classify it further below IT/ITES, so it is difficult for us to put that into context. But how I can 
maybe answer this question is that most of the customers who came to us had the opportunity of 
moving out, they ended up retaining with us, at least 74%(7) did. And even the ones which we 
did not retain, we were able to fill them up because our committed occupancy stands at 92%. 
So, we do not have a classification below IT/ITES and how much is call centres, we classify 
everyone under IT/ITES as well, but I don't believe that is going to be a significant number. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And Devang, just to give you some background with respect to how IT/ITES as a sector has 
behaved for us . Its contribution used to be around 44% in fiscal year ‘24. From 44 % it came 
down to 42% in fiscal year ’25. Further came down to 39% in fiscal year’ 26, and in Q1 it stands 
at 35%. So, we actually see a trajectory where sectors other than IT/ITES are growing at a faster 
rate compared to IT/ITES. 
Devang Patel: Got it. Just a quick second question , as the share of GCCs is rising in our revenue, is the yield 
margin accretive and ROCE accretive for us? Is that already pulling up our ROCEs or you see 
that impact in future? 
Neetish Sarda: Any client coming into the ecosystem will pulling up our ROCE, not just limited to GCCs. I 
think the demand coming in from all sectors, whether it’s engineering, manufacturing, it is value 
accretive. If you look at the price point at which Smartworks is selling, we are creating a 
significant amount of value for the customers also. That is why you  will see that 1,000 plus 
seater cohort increasing meaningfully. So, it is not just limited to GCCs. 
As I said earlier, the Smart Vantage program and GCC margin expansion through services will 
still take about two to three quarters to start affecting our numbers because right now we  are 
building out the offices for the GCCs that we  have signed up. When they move in, start at 
occupying some of our other services, that is when you will see the services margin come in, but 
that has not started happening yet. We are still in the building out phase for most of the GCCs 
that we have signed up or we have just handed over the space, and the service revenue increment 
you'll see maybe after two to three quarters. 
Devang Patel: The demand would be more at the premium end versus our rentals at INR 185. So, their demand 
would be at more premium end which allows us to have higher margins? 
[page 16]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Neetish Sarda: There is always opportunity for Smartworks to price up its product. If you look at our price point 
per seat, we are probably the industry leaders despite having a healthy margin of 19.6% this 
quarter. Our price at which we are able to sell to our customers  is probably one of the most 
competitive in the markets. So yes, there is an opportunity to price it up further. I think the 
closest competitor is almost 10% to 15% higher than our numbers. 
So, there is an opportunity for Smartworks to price up. But you also need to look at this with the 
volume of business that Smartworks is doing. 2.5 to 3 million square feet of addition  is not 
something that anyone in the market is doing at this point , and we believe that both volume as 
well as value is going to help us achieve the projected number that we have done for the year. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And Devang, just to give you some context with respect to our pricing power as well, just adding 
to the point which Neetish mentioned, as I commented earlier it was INR 181 per square foot 
for mature capacity in Q1 FY27. If you just look at the same numbers in the previous fiscal, it 
used to be around INR  170 per square foot. So already there has been an increment of INR  11 
per square foot in our mature capacity. 
Devang Patel: Right, thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next follow -up question is from the line of Shamit Ashar from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shamit Ashar: So you are signing a lot of new properties with some institutional landlords in the last two or 
three quarters. So, are they coming in at better terms than what they were , let's say 12 to 18 
months ago? Are you enjoying some benefits from the landlord side as well as you scale up? 
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. See our function of getting the preferred terms is because of the volume of deals that 
Smartworks is doing. If you look at some of the deals that we  have announced, whether it was 
the Bombay acquisition in Vikhroli, these are some massive deals, one of the largest deals of 
office space in the country - Probably the top 10 largest deals. So, we are able to negotiate scale 
and get value.  
I think with our size  getting bigger and bigger and with the platform and its reach increasing 
significantly, we are seeing this value now being derived from institutional landlords also where 
they have seen our track record, they have seen how Smartworks has already grown to over 10 
million square feet of operational footprint with some of the best clients backing and expanding 
with us, and that is where they also get the confidence that we are able to fill up those buildings 
fairly quickly. 
Shamit Ashar: Got it. So, in the future, will there be more increased leasing from the institutional landlords 
versus the non-institution ones?  
Neetish Sarda: I think it  is very difficult to point out what the mix is going to be. If you ask us how we  are 
projecting it to be, we think currently it stands at about 65% versus 35% . 65% towards non -
institutional and 35% towards institutional. I think this is a healthy mix and we think that 
approximately the similar number is going to continue over the next few quarters or perhaps few 
years at least. 
[page 17]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Shamit Ashar: Right, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next follow -up question is from the line of Murali krishnan from Sundaram 
Mutual. Please go ahead. 
Muralikrishnan: Yes hi, thanks again. So, sir just wanted to check, our peers are also increasing the VAS 
offerings. So, is this done to increase the attractiveness of our offerings and to make clients 
sticky with us? That's one question. And to continue on that, currently the VAS as a portion of 
revenue is limited, but how do we see the impact of it on the EBITDA margins evolving?  
Neetish Sarda: No, absolutely, VAS as a percentage has significantly increased already. If you look at our 
numbers for the same quarter last year, non -lease rental revenue stood at INR 22 crores, which 
this quarter has already increased to over INR  68 crores. Most of this is driven through value -
added services.  
With Smartworks there are a lot of VAS services which are not one-time in nature, but they are 
regular. For example, the food programs that most of our customers have bought for their 
employees or some of the services on the building level that they have bought for their 
employees, while it might come under the other operating revenues, it is something which is 
repetitive in nature. With our base increasing, this will automatically increase in terms of 
numbers. It's already tripled even though our revenue h as grown by 30%, the revenue from 
value-added services have grown, almost triple from INR 22 crores to INR 68 crores. 
Just because of the number of seats occupied now, the base has increased significantly. And with 
the base increasing, you will see this number increase further. As far as our focus on VAS, right 
now it is very limited. We have only started focusing on VAS about three quarters back. There 
are only limited services. 
So, there is an opportunity to increase it further. But we  have not factored in any of that in our 
current projection s for this year particularly, because most of it would be under pilot stages 
where we are trying other avenues to increase our margins.  So, it is very difficult to project it, 
but you might see these numbers increase further depending on the pilots and what works for us 
and what doesn't. 
Muralikrishnan: Thanks, sir. And on the EBITDA margins , will they be dilutive or will be able to pass on our 
expenses on these services? Yes, that would be my question here. Thanks. 
Neetish Sarda: No sir, in terms of EBITDA margins it actually hits our bottom line directly, because most of 
the VAS services that we do are essentially on a take -rate basis where we go ahead, there is no 
expense on the books and we take a certain take-rate from the service providers. We are not the 
ones who are providing these services, we integrate with third -party suppliers to provide these 
services and we take a certain take-rate. 
So, it is definitely going to be margin accretive, but it is very difficult to predict how much will 
it be in this year because we are still in the phase of completely launching our different verticals 
and different offering in the VAS vertical. 
[page 18]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
July 22, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Harsh Binani: And philosophically to add to Neetish, why we  have become the largest is purely because our 
focus has been to scale our platform, get the best companies in India and the world to come, so 
annuity income and the quality of cash flows that it brings is already reflected in our P&L as 
well as balance sheet. There is very limited volatility and in spite of the heavy capex cycle, our 
margin as well as our ROCE continues to increase. So that is where the business will continue 
to grow and scale, and VAS will only be over and above and on top of that. 
Moderator: All right. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you all for joining us this evening and for a thoughtful discussion. For a deeper view of 
the quarter, the numbers behind the numbers, please do refer to our shareholder's letter and our 
Investor Presentation for more details. One year on from listin g, the business is demonstrably 
better than it was earlier. Revenue, EBITDA margin, PAT and ROCE, all increased sequentially 
every quarter, even though a high capex cycle. 
With a high forward visibility on revenue and our buildings for FY27 and FY28 already signed, 
the compounding is well underway and set to accelerate. We don't manage for the quarter; we 
are building for the decade. Thank you for your continued trust. Good evening again. 
Moderator: On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us , and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
(This document has been edited for the purpose of readability) 
 
