[page 1]
 
Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
(Formerly known as Smartworks Coworking Spaces Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Unit No. 305 – 310, Plot No. 9,10, & 11, Vardhman Trade Centre, Nehru Place, South Delhi – 110 019. 
Corporate Office: Golf View Tower, Tower-B Sector 42, DLF QE, Gurgaon, Haryana-122002 
Phone No: 0124-6919 400 
CIN: L74900DL2015PLC310656 
 
 
Date: 19 th August , 2025  
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
  
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”)  
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: SMARTWORKS BSE Scrip Code: 544447 
ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015- Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
As per Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Transcript of the discussion on the Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, at the 
analyst meet held on August 12, 2025, is available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.smartworksoffice.com/investors/. 
 
The analyst meet, conducted through Audio means  at 05:30 P.M. and  concluded at 06:30 P.M. (IST) on 
August 12, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
(Formerly known as Smartworks Coworking Spaces Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Punam Dargar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: A56987 
Address: Unit No. 305-310, Plot No 9, 10 & 11 Vardhman Trade Centre  
Nehru Place, South Delhi, Delhi, Delhi, India, 110019 
 
Encl.: As above 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
v 
“Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEETISH SARDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SMARTWORKS COWORKING SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. HARSH BINANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
SMARTWORKS COWORKING SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. SAHIL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SMARTWORKS COWORKING SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. PRATIK AGARWAL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
SMARTWORKS COWORKING SPACES LIMITED 
 MR. ANIRUDH TAPURIAH – CHIEF STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – SMARTWORKS COWORKING 
SPACES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. MOHIT AGRAWAL – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Smart works Coworking Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Agr awal from IIFL Capital Services. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Agrawal: Thank you and good evening, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I'd like to welcome everyone 
to the maiden earnings conference call for Smart works Co working Spaces. From the 
management, we have with us Mr. Neetish Sarda, Managing Director, Mr. Harsh Binani, 
Executive Director, Mr. Sahil Jain, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Pratik Agarwal, Chief Business 
Officer, and Mr. Anirudh Tapuriah, Chief of Strategy and Investor Relations. 
I'd now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, followed by a 
Q&A. Over to you, Neetish. 
Neetish Sarda: Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first earnings call as a listed company. 
On behalf of Smartworks, we extend our sincerest gratitude to our investors, bankers, partners, 
and shareholders for their invaluable support throughout our IPO.  The confidence you have 
placed in our company, our leadership, and us as founders has been instrumental in reaching this 
significant milestone. 
The oversubscription of our IPO by nearly 14x is a powerful affirmation of our vision and future 
growth, and we deeply appreciate this trust. As this is our first earnings call after listing, I will 
begin by sharing more about Smartworks and the industry we operate in. Following that, we will 
outline our growth strategy and discuss our Q1 FY '26 performance. 
Smartworks is India's largest managed office platform  by total square feet under management. 
In just 9 years, which includes more than 2 years of COVID, we have expanded to almost 12 
million square feet of space, translating to over 275,000 work seats across 56 centres in 15 cities. 
For the first quarter of FY '26, our revenue stands at INR  3,792 million, a 21% jump year -on-
year. Our reported EBITDA and annualized ROCE stands at INR  2,410 million and 58% , 
respectively. 
 Our normalized numbers basis non -GAAP measures stood at an EBITDA of INR  607 million, 
a 109% jump year -on-year, while having very healthy cash flows from operations of INR  855 
million, a 71% jump year-on-year, all of this with an annualized ROCE of 13% . We have only 
raised INR 5,0581  million of equity before the IPO. 
Before talking about our numbers, let me talk about our journey.  From the very beginning, our 
vision and conviction was to create office spaces for the new age workforce. During our time in 
the USA, Harsh and I witnessed first-hand the campuses of large multinational companies. We 
 
1 5,558 Million was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above.   
[page 4]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
were truly captivated by the energy and vibrancy of the space and happiness of their employees. 
This is what inspired us to create Smartworks. 
While we started Smartworks as a coworking space, we evolved fairly early into a managed 
office platform. We saw a very distinct and compelling opportunity in India.  While more than 
70% of India's supply was from standalone non -institutional landlords, majority of the demand 
actually came from mid to large enterprise clients. This gap led us to pioneer the managed office 
platform and yes, we created this category. 
In our platform, we take large bare-shell buildings instead of just floors on lease from landlords 
and transform them into Smartworks branded campuses with all aspirational amenities like 
cafes, creches, gyms, indoor and outdoor sports zones and much more.  Our focus is on mid-to-
large enterprises with more than 85% of our revenue coming from enterprise clients. Majority 
of these clients commit to more than 300 seats with Smartworks. 
Before talking more about Smartworks, let me take a moment to talk about the industry.  
According to market estimates, India's commercial real estate is currently around 1 billion square 
feet of office space out of which 800 million square feet was only added in the last 20 years at a 
CAGR of 8.6%. The overall market is projected to grow even faster, adding the next billion 
square feet in just 10-15 years. 
Morgan Stanley reports that India is set to become the office to the world with increasing GCCs 
and international companies establishing a presence in India. Flexible workspace is the fastest 
growing segment within the commercial real estate. In a short span of 10 years, it has grown to 
over 100 million square feet and is projected to further grow at a CAGR of 18% to 20%. 
This rapid growth of the entire segment reflects a fundamental shift in customers' preference for 
flexible workspace as the future of offices. Smartworks has outpaced the segment and grown 
1.5x faster at a CAGR of 38% in the last 3 years. Just in the last 3 months, we have added more 
than 1.1 million square feet  of space. Our platform seamlessly integrates all stakeholders 
whether it is our landlords, clients, their employees or our vendor partners. 
Our landlords benefit from guaranteed rent which makes them increase their exposure with us.  
25% of our centres are from developers or landlords who have  leased multiple buildings to 
Smartworks. With majority of our campus from non-institutional landlords, we have now broken 
barriers by working with large institutional developers such as DLF, Raheja and Tata Realty.  
For our 700 plus customers, they get flexible, hassle -free office customized to their needs and 
delivered in less than 2 months across India at a value -centric price. With the likes of Google, 
Ernst & Young, FedEx, Concentrix and Persistent Systems as some of our customers, not only 
have our clients moved into Smartworks campuses, but also expanded with us. A Fortune 500 
company that started with just 158 seats in 2023 with Smartworks has expanded to almost 2,000 
seats by 2025, moving a significant portion of their India RE portfolio into the Smartworks 
ecosystem. 
[page 5]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Another example is of a company that started with us in 2022 with just 380 seats and within just 
3 years has expanded 10x to 3 ,800 seats across six cities. Today, 30% of our revenue comes 
from multi-city clients who are expanding within the Smartworks ecosystem.  
For the 150,000 employees of our clients, they get access to all aspirational amenities within our 
campuses. And for our rate-contracted vendors, they get regular work throughout the year. These 
advantages for all our stakeholders have created a flywheel effect. 
Now imagine the power of our platform. We are talking about long -term annuity-like contracts 
with highly predictable cash flows from Fortune 500 companies, global MNCs, Indian 
conglomerates and well-funded startups. These aren't just one-off deals, they are stable recurring 
revenue streams. Think of it like a REIT , but with a host of office services such as design, fit -
out, day -to-day operations and all amenities included, achieved through an asset -light and 
capital-efficient model. All of this has enabled us to scale significantly.  Our unique ability to 
take large campuses, which continues to grow in size, allows us to add 2  million to 3 million 
square feet of space every year by only taking 7 to 8 buildings and turning them into Smartworks 
campuses. 
Our clients continue to choose us because of our model, directly addressing the pain points of 
traditional offices, which are the hassles of managing multiple landlords, multiple designers and 
vendors, long build times, high upfront costs, inflexibility and large admin teams managing day-
to-day operations, which is all replaced by a one-stop solution by Smartworks. 
So, what does Smartworks stand for?  First, a standardized and scalable product, where our 
customers get a uniform experience across India. Second, reliability, offices delivered in less 
than 2 months, a game -changer in the industry, which usually takes more than 6  to 9 months. 
Third, frugality, our industry-leading cost structure, whether it is our capex or our opex, allows 
us to operate efficiently through economies of scale, standardization and modularity. 
Fourth, providing high -quality campuses with all aspirational amenities remains our core 
strength. And finally, value -driven pricing, where all of this allows us to deliver a competitive 
and value-for-money pricing to our customers. I will now hand it over to Harsh. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you Neetish. Good evening, all. Let me now talk you through important features of our 
business. We are a high -growth and rapidly scaling business, yet our model is de -risked and 
insulated. Even when the coworking industry was tested in COVID with multiple client move-
outs due to work-from-home and other restrictions, Smartworks remained strong. 
 We did not surrender any of our large campuses during this period, reflecting the resilience of 
our business model and our astute building choices. Our mature centres maintained healthy 
occupancy of around 85% and we operated near breakeven levels. In fact, we were the only ones 
to expand during COVID. 
 Incidentally, we also had one of the highest footfalls during this period because of the host of 
amenities we offered, demonstrating the attractiveness of our product. In times of uncertainty, 
we are the most attractive partner for our clients because of our value pricing and flexibility. 
[page 6]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 On the supply side, we are present across India, with supply in 14 cities and Singapore. 
Today, we cover over 94% of our spaces, with presence in all the important micro -markets of 
the country. We work with a diverse range of developers and landlords, ensuring there is no 
dependency on any single one. Our supply responds directly to customer d emand, with strong 
pre-fill commitments from either our existing clients or new prospective ones, allowing us to 
scale up in a deliberate and a derisked manner. 
 Let us now walk you through the journey of a campus. Within 2  to 4 months, very efficiently, 
after leasing a large campus, we complete the common areas like cafes, corridors and the 
aspirational amenities and start to build out the offices for the pre-filled commitment. 
Post this, within the first 12 months, we aim to reach 65 % to 70% occupancy and achieve 
breakeven. Post this, we recover our entire payback with a steady -state ramp-up of occupancy 
in about 30  to 32 months. Once our cent re stabilizes and recovers the capex, our margins 
continue to stabilize, but our ROCE continues to go up. 
Let us also share some perspective on our demand strategy.  Today, our demand is enterprise 
focused. It primarily comes from 300-plus seats clients who commit to long tenures of over 48 
months. They are highly sticky, with a high retention rate of over 80%.  Moving forward, about 
75% of rental annuity income will continue to come from the top six cities. 
While our top 10 clients currently account for less than 20%, this share will continue to come 
down. No single client of ours typically occupies more than 30% of our campus, further de -
risking our model. On the sector side, we are very diversified. Although IT and ITES share is 
the largest in India's commercial real estate, for us that is only 42% and has been progressively 
coming down. 
Today, we serve a broad spectrum of sectors, including engineering, logistics, health  care, 
manufacturing, and BFSI.  Our clients include Fortune 500 companies, Indian conglomerates, 
MNCs, and well-funded soonicorns, unicorns, so on and so forth.  
Our revenue model is primarily annuity -based rental income. In fact, 94% of our revenue is 
rental revenue, which provides us with significant stability and predictability, with visibility into 
the next few quarters and beyond. 
 Today, our normalized EBITDA has expanded and stands at close to 16%. Going forward, our 
margin expansion will continue to happen. One, as new cent res mature over the second half of 
the year, occupancy and utilization will rise.  Second, our margin will also expand through 
operating leverage in corporate and SG&A expenses. 
Today, our  cost of doing business continues to reduce because of economies of scale  and 
standardization. Our capex and opex continue to go down.  As we continue to build our brand 
and effectively use our proprietary technology platforms, our cost of acquisition of customers 
and the sales cycle will also continue to reduce. 
[page 7]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
We leverage a vast design library having built and delivered over 1,000 offices. We've also built 
a proprietary platform called BuildX, which is a game changer. It brings together design, project, 
and procurement teams, enabling us to deliver office in a fast-paced 2 months, a big innovation 
in the industry. 
From the outset, we have been emphasizing cash flow predictability and frugality as our core 
values. Our operating cash flow to EBITDA has constantly exceeded one. As our EBITDA 
grows, our cash flow grows , which  is essentially the funds available for reinvestment and 
growth. 
Based on Q1 '26 estimates, our normalized cash flow from operations is approximately INR  
3,400 million, which represents a 42% growth from around INR  2,400 million in FY '25. And 
this is expected to continue to accelerate with expanding margins in upcoming quarters.  
Moreover, the CAGR of normalized cash flow from operations from FY  '20 to FY '25 exceeds 
a whopping 80%, highlighting our strong and sustainable cash flow generation. 
While in the near-term, on account of growth, our OCF to EBITDA may go up to 1.4, in steady 
state, it will settle between 1.1 to 1.2, but  will continue to stay above 1. Our terms of trade are 
the most superior in the industry, with receivable days of just 5, driven by our strong client base 
and ERP-driven collection systems. 
 Our ROCE has grown to healthy levels and doubled. Today, it stands at more than  13%. Given 
our focus on cash flow and our capital efficiency, we believe that in the next 2 years, we can 
double our ROCE, with further  upside projected over the next five.  We believe our industry is 
unique, with IndAS accounting and different accounting policies being followed across the 
industry. 
One common unified way to measure ROCE is to compute its basis cash flows. Here is where 
you can see the North Star of Smart works shine. We have the best -in-class metrics, with cash 
ROCE upwards of 47%. And finally,  we've eliminated asset liability mismatch for at least the 
next 2 years, and this will continue to remain as we scale up. 
Let us also share some perspective on our growth strategy going forward.  In terms of growth, 
we already have visibility to reach 12 million square feet. At this scale, we foresee that we will 
be in self-sustaining capex mode, which allows us to grow by 25% to 30% year-on-year without 
any additional funding. With our strong cash flow generation, the company will continue to have 
healthy liquidity and cash balances in the near term. 
 We had scaled up meaningfully prior to IPO and today are well on track to become free cash 
flow positive soon. We are accounted by  IndAS 116 which requires us to create non -cash 
accounting provisions. In the medium term, the reported IndAS PBT and the non -GAAP PBT 
will also converge, as our accounting provisions will start to reverse and the business profits will 
increase manifold. 
 Value-added services business line, which leverages over 700 plus companies and their 150,000 
employees coming to our campuses, will continue to grow. However, our focus remains on our 
core annuity business, where we see a bigger potential to grow and increase our market share. 
[page 8]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
From the IPO raise, where we raised INR 3,9652 million net of offer expenses, majority is being 
used for expansion and growth. And today, we are completely net debt negative post-IPO. 
Now, I will invite our Chief of Strategy and Investor Relations, Anirudh Tapuriah, to talk about 
the Q1 FY '26 performance. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Thank you Harsh, and a very good evening to everyone. Let me now take you through our Q1 
FY '26 performance. We are pleased to share that we have had a solid start to the new fiscal  
year. Q1 has demonstrated consistent revenue growth, strong operational efficiency, and 
continued progress towards profitability, despite ongoing depreciation and finance costs, which 
is optically higher on account of IndAS accounting. 
We are seeing positive traction in both our core and ancillary revenue streams, and we remain 
focused on optimizing margins, enhancing asset utilization in terms of occupancy ramp-up, and 
scaling operations efficiently. Our revenue growth is healthy.  In Q1 FY '26, it stood at INR
  3,792 million, representing a 5.8% sequential growth and a 21% increase on a year -
on-year basis. 
Our strong EBITDA and margin performance continues, supported by cost control. Our 
EBITDA stood at INR  2,410 million, up 25.5% year -on-year, with a healthy EBITDA margin 
of 63.6%, reflecting strong operational efficiency. Our normalized EBITDA stood at INR607 
million, growing by 109% year -on-year, marking a healthy 16% margin, driven by disciplined 
cost management and operational efficiencies. 
Depreciation and finance costs stood at INR  1,739 million and INR  815 million respectively, 
with finance costs remaining broadly stable. Please note that these cost types include 
depreciation on ROU assets and interest on lease liabilities, which are non -cash in nature.  
Depreciation on fitouts and finance costs on borrowings stood at INR  374 million and INR 87 
million, respectively. 
I am happy to share that in this quarter, we have reported a positive PBT on a normalized basis, 
while it was negative INR 56 million as per reported IndAS financials, which has substantially 
reduced from negative INR 311 million in Q1 FY '25 , mainly due to depreciation and high 
interest cost burden on account of IndAS 116 accounting. 
Our normalized PBT improved to INR 168 million, representing a margin of 4.4%, a significant 
turnaround from a negative PBT of INR  102 million in Q1 FY '25 . Our normalized OCF 
generation in Q1 FY '26 stood at INR 855 million compared to INR  501 million in Q1 of last 
fiscal, showing a growth of over 70%. 
On the supply side, since FY  '19, we have added 8.6 million square feet across major cities, 
which primarily includes Pune, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Mumbai and other cities, leading to a 
footprint of 10.1 million square feet as of 30th June 2025. This will further grow to 12 million 
square feet considering the LOIs and term sheets which we have signed. 
 
2 3,695 Million was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 9]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 As of 30th June 2025, 0.7 million square feet stood under fitout and 1.07 million square feet is 
under yet to be handed over, over the coming couple of quarters. Our debtor days continue to be 
less than a week. Our key demand metrics have also consistently  been in line with our past 
performance. Let me share a few of them. 
Our revenue contribution from enterprise clients stood at around 90% in Q1 FY '26. Our revenue 
from multi-city clients stood in excess of 30% in the quarter gone by.  Our weighted average 
total tenure as of 30th June 2025 stood at 45 months, with the average lock -in tenure as of the 
same date standing at approximately 33 months. 
Our occupancy in operational centres is above 83% and our committed occupancy in these 
centres stands at around 89%. Happy to share that our committed revenue stands in excess of 
INR 40,000 million. Now as we have talked about our quarterly performance, I would like to 
hand over the call back to the moderator requesting to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark. Please proceed. 
Girish Choudhary: Yes, hi. Good evening and firstly congratulations to the entire team on successful listing and 
also a good set of numbers. So, on the revenue side, we have seen growth of 21% Y-o-Y and 
also sequentially we have seen 6% growth. I just wanted to understand in terms of the leased 
area or occupancy seats, whatever you track and also the pricing, how should we understand this 
21% growth on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Sure, Girish. So, we will take your first question. As far as the revenue contribution is concerned, 
we are very focused as far as our annuity revenue through lease rentals are concerned , which 
stood at approximately 94% in Q1 FY '26 . Revenue from ancillary services contributed 
approximately 4.6% of the Q1 revenue of INR 3,792 million. And when you look at fiscal year 
'25, the contribution from these ancillary services was approximately 3.8% only. So, our focus 
continues to be driving our lease rental revenue which continues to be an annuity business. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. So, I was wanting to understand from a leased area Y-o-Y, how much we have seen and 
also how is the pricing growth Y-o-Y? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Sure. So, from a leased area perspective, we will also cover that as well.  As far as our leased 
area is concerned -- sorry, just a second. We will just come back in a second. 
Girish Choudhary: No problem. Yes. 
Neetish Sarda: So, while we are just picking up the exact lease area from the quarter before and right now, I 
think pricing, Girish, there are two strategies. One is obviously the contracted revenues, which 
escalate at about 5 % year-on-year. So, the revenues that we are already contracted for would 
automatically escalate at those numbers. 
And if you look at the pricing that we've done for the new deals that we've added in the last 
quarter, they have also  been on the same average increase of 5% , closer to about 7 ,900 rupees 
per seat. If you look at our total area, we stood at closer to about 8 million square feet of space 
[page 10]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
last year and that number has already increased to about 8. 3 million square feet3 this quarter 
with another 0.7 million square feet getting added in the next quarter which is already under 
construction and a million square feet as we mentioned earlier getting added over the next two 
quarters. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And, Girish, I would just like to supplement - as far as our operational area is concerned, it stood 
at 8.3 million square feet as of June 25 and our occupancy on an overall basis was at 83%. It 
translates into approximately 190,000 seats in terms of operational area. A worthwhile point will 
be as far as our matured footprint is concerned, it stands in excess of 165,000 seats with a 
committed occupancy revenue in excess of 90%. 
Neetish Sarda: So, the drivers for this is while we are adding new cent res which are now getting filled, our 
existing centr es occupancy  is going up  and our cost reduction has  helped us increase our 
margins. If you look at our margins, they have grown from Q1 of last year to Q1 of this year by 
almost 109%, growing from ~INR 30 crores to almost INR 61 crores this quarter , driven by 
increased occupancy and the price escalation of 5%. 
Girish Choudhary: Yes. I also had this follow-up on the margins. We have seen, as you mentioned, a strong 
improvement Y-o-Y. I see operating expenses contributed a large bit to this.  They have been 
very flattish in the range of INR 100 crores to INR 103 crores per quarter. And interestingly, 
your rental expenses has also gone up by just 10%. So if you can explain this operating expenses 
bit and also the sustainable margins going ahead from, let's say, the current 16% levels. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you Girish. This is Harsh here. On a more strategic front, that is the beauty of how we 
built and scaled up our business. We see significant margin expansion on a go forward basis, not 
only because we are going to start to see the benefits of scale and operating leverage kicking in 
our business, but on a more factual basis, the base effect is also going to catch up. 
In the early days, when our base footprint had not scaled up, new centr e addition used to pull 
down the margin. But as we are now scaling up, we are happy to inform that more than 89%4 of 
our operational portfolio is already mature. And with our current footprint of 10 million square 
feet, with our growth target of adding 2.5 million to 3 million square feet  every year, the 
proportion of mature centres will continue to go up.  So as a result of this, you will continue to 
see the margin expansion happen. 
And more importantly, from a margin perspective, it's a deliberate design choice that we've made 
that as we take larger and larger campuses, our cost of operation continues to go down, which is 
the trend that you see reflected also on the P&L that you obse rved. And as we scale up, we 
believe that in upturns or in downturns, we will continue to be the choice provider for large 
enterprise clients who prefer value priced offerings such as ours. 
So, we expect that the margin expansion trend on our core annuity business will continue. While 
in the future, there also will be new business lines, as we mentioned, that will help us scale up, 
 
3 8.7 Million sq ft was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above 
4 45% was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above 
[page 11]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
for now, our focus is on the core annuity business, which is where we see the highest potential 
to scale up the fastest and increase our market leadership. 
Girish Choudhary: Sure, got it. Fair enough . That's clear. My next question is that, like you mentioned, around 1 
million square feet is coming up over the next 6 months. So, you have any pre-leasing kind of 
done for this 1 million square feet? So just wanted to understand, if not pre -leasing, what's the 
kind of occupancy you're targeting? 
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. So, Girish, we typically have about a 20 % to 25% pre-lease that we do before any 
centre comes in. With the network effect now kicking in with respect to what I had mentioned 
earlier, our existing client expanding in line with us has allowed us to get pre -commitments of 
about 20% to 25% before we go ahead and take any of the buildings. These buildings will come 
in over the next two quarters. 
We already have very strong pipelines, because if you look at the million square feet, it is across 
only three assets. So with Smartworks, because we are not really spreading this million square 
feet out on floors and taking smaller properties, square feet just three assets are contributing to 
this additional million square feet with an average propert y size north of 200 ,000 to 300,000 
square feet. And the pipeline for all the three assets is very, very healthy. 
Currently, pre-committed occupancies would be closer to about 25-30%, which is standard with 
most of our new centr es. But we also have  a strong enough  pipeline to take these projected 
occupancies. We typically take about 12 months to get it up to about 65% to 70%, which is when 
we breakeven. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it, got it. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivkumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment 
Advisors. Please proceed. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Yes. First of all, congrats on your successful IPO. I have two questions. Number one is how we 
are able to maintain the lowest opex as well as capex per seat as compared to the industry 
average? And my second question is, would we be able to maintain the same going forward once 
we plan to expand in NCR, Kolkata or Chennai region? And my third question is, I believe 100% 
of our business comes through broker channels. So, would we be able to reduce the dependency 
on brokers? 
Neetish Sarda: Sure, sir. Maybe I can answer the first question of how we've been able to reduce our capex and 
opex and have industry standards. If you look at Smartworks' approach, our ability to take large 
individual buildings and convert them into campuses is something that sets us apart.  What we 
have realized with economies of scale and standardizing the products, 75% of the materials 
which are used in office spaces can actually be standardized. 
By doing both of this, we are able to leverage our scale, go directly to manufacturers and 
significantly decrease the capex cost which is required to build out offices. Smartworks has 
demonstrated this multiple times across all our centr es in the last 5 to 6 years, where we have 
[page 12]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
continuously gone ahead and kept reducing our capital expenditure that is the upfront 
expenditure that we do to build out offices. 
We are also able to get better area efficiency because when we take up the entire building, you're 
able to utilize all parts of the building because of which our opex as well as the capex gets 
distributed over a larger area. We are able to eliminate a lot of middlemen who usually come in 
to manage the building on a day -to-day basis and are able to get those margins back to our 
numbers. 
Smartworks with its scale standardization has been able to reduce both our capex cost to INR 
1,350 and our opex cost to INR 34 to INR 36 per square feet. And I think this also comes with 
both at the macro and micro lens. On the capex side, well we can standardize it. On the opex 
side, we've been able to reduce costs at a macro level. 
Just imagine - Smartworks operates more than 9 million square feet of operational space today. 
Across these 9 million square feet of space, we've gone ahead and negotiated for EMCs centrally. 
We've gone ahead and negotiated for micro level things like tea, coffee, water centrally.  With 
our scale, we're able to reduce costs and pass on certain benefits back to our customers.  It's our 
continuous effort to make sure that the cost to serve the customer keeps decreasing over a period 
of time. 
The second question which is sustainability of this.  Sir, we think that we've been able to 
demonstrate this across not just last year , but we've been able to demonstrate this across last 3  
to 4 years. You'll see continuously that our gross block with respect to the new assets which are 
getting added has continuously been stable and getting better. Sir, we think that the numbers that 
we are currently at, which is 1,350 and 36, it is a good place to stabilize going forward. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And also, to touch on your question as far as our brokerage expenses are concerned, we're very 
happy to share that in fiscal year ' 22, our brokerage expense was 4% of our revenue. It has 
already gone down to approximately 3% as our dependency on the brokerage system continues 
to go down. Harsh and Neetish, would you like to add any perspective on that? 
Neetish Sarda: Yes. Absolutely. So, in the first quarter of this year almost 32% of our revenue came from clients 
who have expanded with Smartworks across different cities. While the initial deal happens 
through IPCs, most of the expansion happens directly with the customers. So we have been able 
to reduce our cost of acquisition also significantly in the last, as Anirudh mentioned, going down 
from 4.5% to less than 3% now. Hopefully that answers your question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Saboot from Choice Institutional. Please 
proceed.  
Ayush Saboot: Yes. Hi. Could you please guide us on the seat addition that we plan to do in FY '26 and FY '27?  
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. So, if you look at our signed up square footage already, we have grown from 8.3 
million square feet in the start of the year to approximately 10 million square feet of space which 
is going to get live. 0.7 of which is already under fitout. Currently our operational centres stand 
at about 190,000 seats. 15,000 seats are under fitouts which will get added within the next quarter 
[page 13]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
itself. From there you will see an additional 26,000 seats, which is the 1 million square feet 
which is going to come in the next 2 , 3 quarters. Both of that combined are about 40,000 seats 
which are going to get added this year which is already contracted for. 
 In fact, we have gone ahead and signed space even further increasing from 10 million. We have 
an additional 1.9 million square feet of space which translates to 43,000 seats which we have 
already contracted for which is going to come by the end of the year and the revenues for that 
will be realized next year. 
So what I can tell you safely from 190,000 seats of operational square footage from the signed 
contract as well as the under fitout deals that we have, you will see the seat count increase from 
190,000 seats to 275,000 seats within the next 4 to 5 quarters. 
Ayush Saboot: Okay. Thank you. And just one more question regarding the seat addition. If you could specify 
the capex cost that we incur per seat and also is the total capex cost per seat borne by Smartworks 
itself and also once the seats are added, how many quarters does it take to start contributing to 
revenue? 
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. So, Smartworks spend about 60,000 rupees per seat to build out all of these seats. 
All of this is spent by Smartworks itself.  We do not get our landlords to participate or share a 
portion of this because our cost to build out the offices is the least in the industry and we have 
been able to leverage our scale to do that. And we want to make sure that we are going ahead 
and leveraging that and spending it on our own. So, 60,000 rupees is what we spend per seat. 
Harsh Binani: On a more strategic choice to reiterate to Neetish's point, doing straight lease model is a choice 
that the company has made to leverage the efficiency that we are able to get both on the capex 
as well as opex. We mentioned earlier that our unit economics is very robust and we are able to 
recover our entire capex in 32 months. 
So, for instance, if we are taking a building for a tenure of over 15 years with a much shorter 
lock-in period of about 4 to 5 years, if we are able to recover our capex in such a quick and rapid 
fashion, we believe we have built a very strong entry barrie r by having an access to a building 
asset in the best micro markets of the country. 
 And once the first capex cycle recovers, the building becomes a ROCE machine. As we continue 
to mature and age, our metrics continue to get better, and the risk profile of the company 
continues to go down. That's why it's a strategic choice. 
And I think just to add to your second question where when will we start realizing money. So, 
unlike typical flexible workspace, we don't go ahead and spend that money on day one.  The 
60,000 also that we are mentioning, while Smartworks takes up the entire building, we only 
spend on the fitout of the space when a customer comes and signs the space. So, it is not like the 
capital gets deployed today and we wait for a couple of quarters for the occupancy to go up. The 
fitouts would only happen once a customer is onboarded. 
Ayush Saboot: Okay, thank you. That was very helpful. Shows your robust business model. Also, if you could 
just reiterate one, the 2,75,000 target that we plan to achieve this by FY '27 end, right? 
[page 14]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Neetish Sarda: Yes. So, the total addition that you see will be for this year is about 45,000 seats, which is already 
there in the pipeline and then additional 1.9 million square feet that we sign, majority of it is 
going to come in the next year. 
Ayush Saboot: Okay, thank you. And  any guidance regarding, I know this must be a little bit far -fetched, but 
what kind of seat addition will be planted on FY '28? Any guidance regarding that? 
Neetish Sarda: If you look at our performance in the last couple of years, we've been able to grow steady as we 
earlier mentioned at about a 30%-35% CAGR year-on-year. And that's the Smartworks growth 
strategy that has been. I think keeping in mind the value pricing that we have and this kind of 
scale that we've created, this is something that we've been able to demonstrate in the past. 
Harsh Binani: And to reiterate to N eetish's point made earlier, our business model allows us to take large 
campuses, making it very scalable. So, for us to add 2.5 million to 3 million square feet on an 
annual basis, it is a few buildings that we need to sign every year, given that we work with both 
non-institutional and institutional developers. 
Neetish Sarda: So, as Harsh mentioned that you will see that we've been able to add a significant capacity of 
25,000 to 30,000 seats in the last couple of years. And I think looking at how we are, 30 ,000 to 
40,000 is what we'll be able to continue adding. 
Ayush Saboot: Okay. Thank you. I mean, all the best for your future. 
Neetish Sarda: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinivasan from Asksrini. Please proceed. 
Srinivasan: Yes. Good evening, team. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Revenue increase of 21% 
is a very good number.  So, I just want to have two questions , okay? One on the revenue front. 
So, I just want to know what is the revenue per square feet on occupied area at Q1. And also, I 
understand that you have a very ambitious goal of adding 2.5 million square feet every year. 
I just want to know what will be the occupancy ratio for the full year. And also, what will be the 
incremental space being added?  What will be the revenue on it also that is being signed? And 
also, on the loan front, I just want to know what is the cost of capital for the Q1 financial year 
'25-'26? And also, what is the expected cost of borrowing for the full year? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: So, thanks a lot for your question. I will probably take all the questions one by one. The first 
question was as far as occupancy is concerned.  So, we are very happy to share that in Q1 FY 
'26, our occupied seats have gone up by around 5,900 -odd seats. Currently, it stands at 
approximately 158,500-odd seats. 
As far as your second question is concerned that how do you look at on a revenue on a per square 
feet basis. Again, we are happy to share that on an overall basis, our revenue per square feet in 
Q1 FY '26, that stood at approximately 173 rupees on a per square feet basis. This is just on the 
primary leasing side. The ancillary revenue for which we did approximately 4.5% comes over 
[page 15]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
and above that. As far as your next question on debt is concerned, Harsh, if you would like to 
take that. 
Harsh Binani: Smartworks over the last few years has been very efficiently able to work with several private 
international banks and PSUs and introduced a new cash flow-based lease rental discounting in 
the industry where we are able to take advantage of long-tenured enterprise tenure contracts to 
raise money at a very competitive rate. 
Today, our cost of borrowing stands at a very healthy approximately 9 %-odd and the interest 
expense over the last few years has been continuing to go down. During the IPO, we had the 
opportunity to also repay some debts which will cumulatively save us about INR 21 crores. 
During the course of this entire debt raise, it has also translated to us expanding our return on 
equity for all our shareholders. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: I just also wanted to add as far as our finance cost on borrowings is concerned, that stood at 
approximately 87 million in Q1 FY '26. When you look at it as a percentage of revenue, it was 
approximately 2.3% in Q1. 
Srinivasan: So, Yes, just to follow-up on that, I understand the cost of borrowing for Q1 FY '26 is around 
9%. I just want to know what can be the full year cost of borrowing guidance for Smartworks. 
And also, we expect  maybe a repo rate being changed down by the RBI in the coming MPC 
meetings, does the company foresee this as a positive impact on the borrowing cost or because 
of the turmoil in the macroeconomics to weigh in on the cost of borrowing for the company? 
We also see that the repo rate change is not being passed down to the borrowers.  So what does 
the company foresee on this front? 
Harsh Binani: Thank you. Like we mentioned, the company has already had the chance to repay debt during 
IPO, which was of high-cost nature. We continue to engage with the different banks and take 
advantage of the rate cuts.  At this point of time, our rates continue to be very competitive 
between 9% to 10%. And like we mentioned earlier, we are today net debt negative, and our 
gross borrowings have been continuing to go down year-on-year. And over the next 2 years, we 
practically see this number to become very negligible. 
Srinivasan: Yes. Thank you so much. All the best everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Murgank, an Individual Investor . Please 
proceed. 
Murgank: Yes. So Yes, regarding the competitive landscape, I had a question. So, there is a competitor 
called EFC Limited. And EFC did a INR 40 crores profit this year. And it just manages an area 
of 3.5 million square feet. So how is EFC so efficient with their managed space?  And how are 
they able to generate so much profit is my question. 
Neetish Sarda: So, sir, what we can comment on is what Smartworks has done. Our revenues are annuity 
incomes that come in. We have been constantly increasing. If you look at our margins, in FY 
'25, they stood at 12.5%. In the first quarter of FY '26, our adjusted EBITDA is already at 16%. 
This is with a significant increase in base as well as the new capacity which is added. 
[page 16]
  Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
So Smartworks is  in a high growth stage, and we have started seeing a significant increase  in 
trajectory. If you look at the last 3 years’ trend from 36 crores which was 5.1%, in FY '25, we 
ended the year at INR 172 crores, which is a  12.5% EBITDA. Now that number is further 
increased from 12.5% to 16% in Q1FY26. 
And if you look at even our IndAS losses, which is what we are, accounted for, even those IndAS 
losses which are through accounting provisions which are created, they have also considerably 
gone down. Last year, they stood at almost 63 crores. In the first quarter of this year, that number 
has gone down to 4 crores.  So Smartworks is in a path where we are constantly increasing our 
margins whilst increasing our significant base. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: And we'd just like to draw your attention to one more point. If you look at our Investor 
Presentation, on page 35, we have represented our normalized business performance. You will 
see that our normalized PBT for full year of fiscal year ’25 stood at 155 million. And just for the 
first quarter of fiscal year '26, it stands at 168 million. So that is the kind of robustness which 
you see in the underlying business. 
Murgank: Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Harsh Binani, co-founder of Smartworks, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you all for joining our Q1 '26 earnings call. We appreciate your continued support and 
confidence in Smartworks. As we move forward, our commitment remains steadfast in 
delivering exceptional value, innovation, and quality to our clients while driving sustainable 
growth. 
 We are excited about the opportunities ahead and look forward to sharing our progress in future 
updates. Feel free to reach out with any questions or for further discussions to EY or our Investor 
Relations team. Thank you again so much for joining the call. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
