[page 1]
 
Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
(Formerly known as Smartworks Coworking Spaces Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Unit No. 305 – 310, Plot No. 9,10, & 11, Vardhman Trade Centre, Nehru Place, South Delhi – 110 019. 
Corporate Office: DLF Commercial Building, Block - 3, Zone-6, DLF Phase – 5, Gurugram, Haryana-122002 
Phone No: 0124-6919 400 
CIN: L74900DL2015PLC310656 
 
Date: November 12, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla  
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”)  
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
  
NSE Scrip Symbol: SMARTWORKS BSE Scrip Code: 544447 
ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 ISIN: INE0NAZ01010 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015- Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
As per Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Transcript of the discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, at the 
analyst meet held on November 7 , 2025, is available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.smartworksoffice.com/investors/. 
 
The analyst meet, conducted through Audio means at  11:00 A.M. (IST) and concluded at 12:15 P.M. (IST) on 
November 7, 2025.   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
 
 
 
Punam Dargar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: A56987 
Address: Unit No. 305-310, Plot No 9, 10 & 11 Vardhman Trade Centre  
Nehru Place, South Delhi, Delhi, Delhi, India, 110019 
 
Encl.: As above 
[page 2]
 
 
 
"Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited Q2FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call”  
 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEETISH SARDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
MR. HARSH BINANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,  
MR. SAHIL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MR. PRATIK AGARWAL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER,  
MR. ANIRUDH TAPURIAH – CHIEF OF STRATEGY & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: MR. MURTAZA – KOTAK SECURITIES 
  

[page 3]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
2 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited Q2 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Kotak Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murtaza. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Murtaza: On behalf of Kotak Institutional Equities, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY26 Earnings Call of 
Smartworks Coworking Spaces Ltd. 
On behalf of Smart works, we are represented by the Senior Management, Mr. N eetish Sarda  – 
Managing Director; Mr. Harsh Binani – Executive Director; Mr. Sahil Jain – Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Pratik Agarwal  – Chief Business Officer, and Mr. Anirudh Tapuria h – Chief of Strategy and 
Investor Relations. 
Without wasting much time, I will hand over the call to Mr. N eetish Sarda for his opening remarks. 
Thank you. 
Neetish Sarda: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Smartworks Q2 FY26 Earnings Call. The 
earnings presentation has already been shared with the Exchanges, and I hope you have had the 
opportunity of reviewing it. 
I will begin with a Brief overview of our business and then move on to the key highlights for the 
quarter. Q2 FY26 marks our 2nd Quarter as a listed company, and the benefits of listing are already 
clearly visible. Operationally, we are experiencing stronger access to supply on preferred terms, 
which facilitates faster scale-up and accelerated enterprise inbound activity. Strategically, this market 
visibility is driving the closure of large deals and significantly deepening our institutional credibility. 
As the largest Pan -India managed office platform, Smartworks continues to lead India's managed 
workspace evolution. At 12.7 million square foot of total super-built-up area across 14 cities serving 
760-plus clients, we have delivered another solid quarter. Our managed campus model sets us apart. 
As you know, we leave entire bare shell buildings and transform them into tech-enabled, enterprise-
ready ecosystems that combine scalability, efficiency, and experience.  Think of it as a workspace 
operating system, one that connects landlords, enterprises, and employees seamlessly.  Our large 
amenity-rich campuses are micro-cities of productivity, drawing employees back to work, elevating 
daily experience, and fostering collaboration. 
[page 4]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
3 
 
Our performance in this quarter reflects continuous strength across four key pillars of Smartworks – 
High Growth, Predictable Revenue, Self -Sustaining Cash Flows, and Longevity of the Business 
Model. Details of this are mentioned on slide #8. 
In Quarter 2 of FY26, we delivered another strong performance. Our revenue stood at almost Rs.425 
crores, growing 21% year -on-year and 12% sequentially from the last quarter. With this, our 
normalized EBITDA rose 46% year -on-year to almost Rs.70 crores wit h a 16.4% normalized 
EBITDA margin. Our committed rental revenue stands in excess of INR4,400 crores as we speak. 
Annualized ROCE improves to almost 14.3%, the highest in the company's history, supported by 
capital discipline and operating leverage from mature centers. Smartworks remains net-debt-negative 
at INR59 crores, with a normalized operating cash flow of INR62 crores and an OCF -to-EBITDA 
close to 1x. Since our IPO, we have reduced gross debt by nearly 45%, reaffirming the strength of 
our self-funded asset-light model. I am pleased to inform you that CareEdge Rating CareEdge Rating 
recently upgraded our rating f rom BBB++ to A Stable, a two -notch upgrade that recognizes our 
balance sheet strength, strong cash generation and consistent growth. 
Supply visibility has strengthened significantly, giving us a clear line of sight for the next two years 
and beyond. Today, we have a signed -up portfolio of up to 14 million sq.ft. and have visibility of 
100% of FY26 and FY27 supply, with FY28 sourcing already underway.  Despite having high 
visibility of FY26 and FY27, the company continues to have the appetite to take on more business 
because of the continued demand. For supply details, please refer to slides #12 and #13 in the deck 
shared. 
We at Smartworks continue to beat our own track record of the largest managed campuses, not just 
in India, but at a global level. Today, over six of our campuses are more than 500,000 sq.ft. each, and 
we are happy to announce that now we have the world's largest standalone campus with the 
Hiranandani group in Mumbai. All these large campuses have more than 8,000 -10,000 people 
coming to it on a day-to-day basis. 
Our landlord base has also directly strengthened both in scale and resilience. 24% of our portfolio 
now comes from institutional developers like DLF, Hiranandani, Tata Realty and Panchsheel, while 
the rest is from non-institutional landlords. It demonstrates strong traction of flexible workspace and 
new habit formation, which is attracting larger developers also to partner with us.  With no 
dependency on a single landlord, we operate with an unlimited runway and zero chokepoint, a model 
built for resilience and not reliance. 
On the demand side, two trends stand out: First, deal sizes are rising sharply, led by GCCs and large 
enterprise clients. GCCs now contribute to more than 15% of our rental revenue, and this share is 
expected to continue to grow up meaningfully in the future. Our GCC offering, which we will talk 
about in a few minutes, is uniquely positioned to capture meaningful market share in the future. 
[page 5]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
4 
 
This quarter, we began reporting our 1,000-plus-seats cohort, which means these are clients who have 
taken up more than 1,000 seats with Smartworks. This already makes up more than one-third of our 
rental revenue. These large enterprise deals strengthen client stickiness and tenure and are margin 
accretive. 
Second, pre -fill from existing clients is driving faster ramp -up across new centers.  Our deep 
relationship with clients is our biggest moat. Rentals from multi-city clients continue to be over 30%, 
which means that if Smartworks adds 3 million square foot of space every year, 1 million is being 
pre-filled from our existing client base. 
With scale, our acquisition costs are declining, reflecting in brokerage which has reduced to 2.4% of 
our lease revenue in Q2 of FY26, with sales cycles continuously shortening.  For instance, the first 
deal with one of our Fortune 500 clients took nine months, but every subsequent engagement we 
close with them was closed within two to three months. Today, we have become their pan -India 
infrastructure partner. We continue to maintain industry-leading cost structures, both for CAPEX and 
OPEX, allowing us to pass on volume, value back to our customers while scaling profitability. 
I will now highlight some of the key aspects of the industry that we operate in: 
India stands at the epicenter of the world's office evolution. According to Knight-Frank, the country 
will add 1 billion square foot of office stock in the next 10 -15 years. At the same time, flexible and 
managed formats are becoming mainstream. Cushman & Wakefield in its report said that flex 
penetration in Grade A offices has already risen from 10% to 25%, marking a structural shift in 
occupier behavior. Enterprises are choosing flexibility, speed, and experience over conventional 
long-term leases. 
Within flex, managed campus has become the gold standard and Smart works has pioneered this 
category in India, bringing design, technology, and flexibility together at scale.  A major catalyst in 
the surge is global capability centers. 
According to industry estimates, GCCs will drive 50 -55 billion square foot of new office demand 
over FY26-27, and account for nearly 40% of the total absorptions across India's top cities. Their 
preference for managed campuses is natural. These models allow them faster setup, stronger 
compliances, and scalability, which is essential for them to grow within different cities in India. 
We are also seeing a broader consumer shift from conventional offices to flex. What started off as a 
cost and flexibility play has become a behavioral movement. Enterprises now seek experience -led 
collaboration campuses that enhance productivity and employee e ngagement. Smartworks is 
uniquely positioned to capture this dual shift, from conventional offices to managed models, and 
from smaller footprints to mega enterprise campuses. 
[page 6]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
5 
 
Let me now hand it over to Harsh, our Co-Founder, to take you through some of the key operational 
and financial highlights for Q2'26. Thank you. Harsh, over to you. 
Harsh Binani: Thanks, Neetish, and good morning, everyone. Q2 FY26 has been an action -packed quarter for us, 
both operationally and financially. 
Moving to quick updates on the operational side: 
Today, our total footprint stands at 12.7 million square feet, with 9.1 million square feet operational 
across 49(1) centers, the largest managed office portfolio in India. Today, we manage over 235,000 
seats, with two -thirds of our leased area comprising full -building campuses, consistent with our 
strategy. Our mature portfolio today stands at 7.5 million square feet, operating at 88% occupancy, 
with committed occupancy above 93%, providing strong visibility.  What is noteworthy is our 
sustained and continuously higher occupancy, which reflects the resilience of our business model, 
which was tested even during the height of downturn. 
To capture the expanding GCC opportunity, we have launched SmartVantage, a dedicated GCC 
enablement platform integrating workspace design, compliance, technology, and partnerships.  This 
positions Smartworks as India's GCC partner of choice, and we expect our GCC revenue to double 
in the next couple of years. 
Large deals continue to drive our momentum. In fact, our 1,000 -plus-seat cohort, which three years 
ago was at 12%, today, has tripled to 35% of our rental revenue. These deals are long-tenure, margin-
accretive, and create stronger client stickiness. Their average tenure is 50 -plus months, with a 
significantly higher lock-in. 
90% of our rental revenue continues to be from enterprise clients, with more than 70% coming from 
clients occupying over 300 seats, ensuring visibility and predictable cash flow.  Our retention rate 
during the quarter was 74%, compared to 94.5% in Q1, primarily due to a healthy churn from an 
overall portfolio perspective, as re-leasing has seen higher realizations. For more details, refer to our 
shareholders letter. 
Coming to the financial highlights, our revenue continues its steady climb, with each quarter 
compounding on prior momentum. Our Q2 revenue from operations stood at Rs.425 crores, which is 
up by 12% from Q1, and 21% from Q2 of FY25. We aspire to continue growing at 30% -plus in the 
near-term. 
 
(1) 54 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 7]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
6 
 
 
Our normalized EBITDA was approximately about Rs.70 crores, up from 13% from last quarter, and 
46% year-on-year, with an overall normalized EBITDA margin of 16.4%. Our PBT was at around 
Rs.25 crores, up 40% quarter -on-quarter, with margin expansion to 5.8% from 4.6% in Q1.  Our 
EBITDA will continue growing faster than revenue, driven by critical scale and operating leverage, 
while our ancillary business lines will eventually grow it further. 
Our OCF-to-EBITDA continues to be very healthy. In this quarter, as a strategy towards our growth, 
we have added significant new capacity, for which the security deposit payout has been done. These 
will become operational in FY27 and have had a temporary impact on our OCF -to-EBITDA in lieu 
of higher future growth. For more details, refer to our shareholders letter. 
Pre-IPO, we had scaled up our business in just Rs.500 crores. Our asset-light model continues to 
prove that efficiency and growth can co-exist. Our ROCE improved to 14.3%, nearly double of FY25 
levels. We expect this to double in the next two years, and we continue to see more headroom for 
ROCE growth beyond that as well. 
Our terms of trade continue to be best-in-class. Our receivables were under seven days, and we have 
eliminated any asset liability mismatch for at least the next two years. We are accounted by IND-AS 
116, which requires us to create non -cash accounting provisions. In the medium term, the reported  
IND-AS PBT and normalized PBT will also converge as our accounting provisions will start to 
reverse, and business profits increase manifold. 
To summarize – Similar to Q1, Q2 has demonstrated consistent revenue growth, strong operational 
efficiency and continued progress towards profitability, despite ongoing depreciation and finance 
costs, which is just optically higher on account of IND  AS accounting. Our operating leverage will 
now be a key driver of our margin expansion, powered mainly by center -level occupancy gains, 
which will improve as campuses move from breakeven to 80% and beyond to 90%-plus. 
Both our corporate and brokerage costs will continue to reduce with scale and this will also enhance 
our margins. In fact, our corporate costs as a revenue from operations has  declined from 13.8% in 
2022 to 7.9% in H1 of 2026. 
As our new supply stabilizes and we surpass 12 million sq .ft of mature centers, the expanding base 
will further enhance our margin, with the mature portfolio increasingly driving profitability.  At this 
scale, we expect to transition into self-sustaining CAPEX model, enabling 25%-30% annual growth 
without any additional funding. Strong cash generation will continue to support healthy liquidity and 
cash balances in the near term. 
[page 8]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
7 
 
Now, moving on to  guidance about our H2  '26, we are well-positioned to accelerate our revenue 
growth, with several new large deals continuing to go live. This will also translate into expanding 
margins further in the second half of 2026, with operating leverage playing out. Our growth is 
expected to also accelerate because a lot of our new capacity will mature.  So, just to give a 
perspective, we will have 1 million sq.ft. of new operational supply and additionally 1.4 million sq.ft. 
of our current capacity will mature in H2 '26. 
Our ancillary revenue growth is also set to double, with VAS growing very rapidly and VAS 
continuing to grow. Every sq uare floor now sweats more revenue, and to clarify on VAS, we only 
account for take rates in top line for transparency.  
Smartworks remains on track to deliver consistent growth, expand margins, and sustain shareholder 
value. Thank you so much for your patient hearing. We are now open to questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary: Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on the East bridge deal as well.  Just on this, if you 
can talk a bit about this deal in terms of timelines, the rental cost, the CAPEX cost, and also when do 
you see this to start generating revenues for you? 
Neetish Sarda: Hi. This is N eetish. Girish, the East bridge property is on a stretch on Vikhroli, which is now 
becoming the center of Bombay because it is closely connected to all parts of Bombay. We are seeing 
a significant amount of demand coming in from our existing customers who are also willing to 
expand. One of the things that we mentioned earlier was that more than 30% comes from our existing 
client base and most of our growth is now informed by our clients coming back to us and telling us 
which part of the country or city are they looking at growing in. So, we have a very healthy demand 
for this particular location. This property is currently under construction and will be handed over to 
us by the builder in the second or third quarter of next year . The property is over 815,000(2) square 
foot, which will have over 10,000 people coming to it on a day-to-day basis. It will require a CAPEX 
of close to about Rs.110 crores when the entire building gets occupied , and obviously, the entire 
CAPEX is not going to be upfront, it is going to be in phases as and when the occupancy increases.  
But, if you talk about the demand for the assets, we are seeing a significant demand already getting 
built up. Since the property is still about eight, nine months away, we are still observing the demand 
coming in. But you will definitely see that the ramp -up of occupancy ; we typically take about 12 -
months to mature a center to get to that 65-70% occupancy. 
 
(2) 820,000 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 9]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
8 
 
 In this center, you will see that ramp -up happen much quickly because of the kind of demand that 
we are getting from our existing customer base itself , and that is the reason that we went ahead and 
chose expanding in this location. Hopefully, that answers your question. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. If you can talk about the rental cost and the lock-in period, if you have any details? 
Neetish Sarda: The rental cost is about Rs.120 per square foot. We have leveraged our scale and made sure that we 
have gotten a rental which is attractive in the market considering the 800,000 square foot take-up that 
we have taken. Considering the approximately Rs.120-121 rental, it is about  9.4 or 9.5 crore rupees 
rental on a monthly basis. The property is only going to get handed over to us in Q3 of next year. 
Hopefully, by then, we  will have a pipeline developed already. Currently, we have a very healthy 
pipeline visibility of about 30%-35% which is from our existing customers, but we still have a runway 
of about eight, nine months before the property even gets handed over to us. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. Got it. 
Harsh Binani: Girish, to add to Neetish's point, we also want to emphasize the quality of demand. Two interesting 
trends that have been observed is, one, we are getting mega 1,000 plus seater deals. So our conviction 
on Hiranandani is largely because we also expect a lot more mega deals to help us ramp up quickly. 
Secondly, Maharashtra is now emerging as a very key state for GCCs. We are continuing to see 
southern states get a lot of demand, but the base in Maharashtra is much lower. So, similar to our 
prior property as well in Navi Mumbai with Ta ta Realty, we do expect significant GCC inbound 
demand as well for both of these locations. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. Yes, that is helpful. And secondly, just a bit on the retention ratio, which we have seen falling 
from 90%-plus to 74%, if you can talk a little bit about the nature of this exit and you also mentioned 
that you have been able to re -lease at higher spreads, but maybe if you can share how much higher 
on all those details? 
Harsh Binani: Sure, Girish. We have mentioned more details about this in the maiden shareholder letter, which we 
have also shared. To provide you a high -level perspective, while we do not comment on individual 
deals, two large renewals ended in Q2, which came from the COVID period. Both spaces have been 
leased at higher yields, which is largely driving this healthy churn and explains the retention. We 
expect the retention in foreseeable future to continue upwards of 80 -85%, and at the same time, we 
will continue having some healthy voluntary churn as well in this. Thank you. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shamit Ashar from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
[page 10]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
9 
 
Shamit Ashar: Yes, hi. Congrats on a good set of numbers and thanks for the opportunity. So a couple of questions 
from my end. Your IT client mix has declined from around 42% to 40% at present. So , considering 
your recent acquisition in Vik hroli, which primarily houses IT offices, what are your occupancy 
projections for that center?  As of FY25, around 18% of your landlords were institutional, and that 
figure has now increased to around 24%. So Smartworks traditionally had stronger negotiation power 
with the non -institutional landlords. So , how does this shift towards partnering with institutional  
landlords impact overall pricing strategy and economics? 
Harsh Binani: Thanks a lot for the question. Over the last three years, the company has intelligently diversified its 
sectoral base , and today, non -IT ITES account for more than 60% of our demand, largely from 
consumer, healthcare and manufacturing sectors. While IT/ITES continues to be a very important 
part of our portfolio, what we  have recently also seen is influx of a lot of GCC clients, which now 
accounts for more than 15% of our rental revenue. So, we expect that the Vikhroli campus will ramp 
up quickly on back of a strong pre -leasing demand and also our sectorally diversified base, which 
not only includes IT/ITES, but several other more sturdier sectors. Prior to this, Smartworks had not 
expanded very aggressively in Bombay as we were building our brand.  And Bombay, as you will 
notice, has a lot of BFSI and headquarters, which typically take a little longer to convert. But we are 
at that juncture now, where we will continue to see a lot of headquarter conversion, and also, we will 
penetrate more deeply into the BFSI segment in Bombay with both the new campuses that we have 
recently leased. 
Neetish Sarda: And just adding on to that, and to your second question of institutional developer and partnering with 
them - I think for the longest time, Smartworks, with its large campus platforms, used to take from 
just non-institutional landlords, because the brand visibility was not there. Now that brand visibility 
has increased significantly, we are seeing even large developers partnering with us and giving us the 
kind of deals required for Smartworks to take up the entire campus and giving us their inventory as 
well.  
So you  are seeing these numbers go up  because the institutional developers have also started 
partnering up with Smartworks as a model instead of just giving us a floor or any other flexible 
workspace, they are giving us that entire building because of our ability to recreate the campus that 
we have been able to successfully develop on the non -institutional side. So I think that is a very 
positive outlook, because they are opening up to our model. And in terms of financials, obviously, 
we now have the ability of negotiating with scale. And we ar e seeing the same sort of numbers that 
we are able to achieve on the institutional side as well. 
Shamit Ashar: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next quest ion comes from the line of Yashov ardhan Agarwal from IIFL Capital Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
[page 11]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
10 
 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Yes, hi. Thanks for this opportunity, and I hope you all are doing well. Just a couple of questions 
from my side. So if you could explain the overall cycle of signing and operating a new center, let us 
say from selling LOI to occupying it, leasing it to our customers , how much time does it take for us 
to reach break-even occupancy and then for that center to reach maturity? And relating it with the 
cash flow as well, that at what stage, how much cash is required, if you could explain that, please? 
Neetish Sarda: Sure. Absolutely. So  we typically take a building about five, six months before the building is 
completely ready since Smartworks is taking up large individual buildings and converting them into 
campuses. We do not look at a floor in a building or a part of a building. So the decision to take a 
building first is driven by the demand from our existing client base. About 30 -35% visibility of the 
building's occupancy comes from the pre-demand that we have for that particular location. So we go 
ahead and only sign that building once we have that demand in place.  
Once we take up a building, usually five to six months before the builder is ready to hand over the 
space, we sign the LOI , we start preparing the entire document for the building, the entire design 
deck, tech enablement, and start marketing the asset outside our existing customer base as well.  On 
the day that we take up a building, that journey starts and lasts a month. It takes us about four months 
to do all the construction of the common amenities ; so we will build out the cafeteria, gym, your 
lounges, a ll your collaboration zones, sports zones , a ll of those amenities that you see in a 
Smartworks campus, will all be built out in the first four months with the pre -occupancy which is 
already committed on a building, which is typically that 25 %-30% mark at least which starts in the 
first four months itself. From there, the journey is a 12-month journey to get towards maturity. Within 
the first 12-months, we get to about 65-70% occupancy. We break-even at about 60% occupancy. So 
within the first 12-months, we get to that 65%-70% occupancy, and on an average, over the last few 
years, we have ramped up to about 90 %-plus occupancy in 14 -months. That is the journey that we  
have seen on an average for most of the centers in the last two to three years.  
If you look at that trend, because of the brand value that Smartworks has created and because of the 
larger customer base which is now expanding further and further, we  are seeing that that pre -fill is 
happening much quicker and quicker, allowing Smartworks in its unique model to take up even larger 
buildings because we are able to fill it up with our existing customer base or with 1,000 -plus-seater 
deals. Harsh had mentioned that 35% of our rental revenue comes from customers who are taking 
1,000-plus-seater seats in an office. It means that once they come and commit to these 1,000 -plus 
seats, our occupancy ramp -up happens much quicker. We are a pioneer in this.  Despite having the 
largest operational footprint of over 9(3) million square feet  today, we only have 760 customers 
occupying those spaces. So it means we are taking these large campuses, but we are also filling it up 
with large, sticky enterprise clients who are committing to much longer tenures, making sure that this 
model is more sustainable and predictable. 
(3) 10 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 12]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
11 
 
 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Got it, sir. Pretty much helpful. And, sir, you did mention the cash flows part . When and where do 
we do the CAPEX and the security deposit, so could you please address that as well? 
Neetish Sarda: Sure. So we  usually give a security deposit six months before . 2-3 months before the handover is 
supposed to happen, we give about 1-2 months of security deposit to the landlord, and then on the 
handover, the remaining amount of security deposit is given.  The security deposit is given for the 
entire building on the day of the handover, which is typically 3-4 months for Smartworks on the total 
rental for the building.  
So if we are taking a building, say, for Rs.1000, we give Rs.300 to 350 of security deposit on day 
zero when the builder hands over the space to us. We then spend on the common amenities, which is 
typically 10-12% of a building and the pre-committed space, which is about 25-30% of the space. So 
50%(4) of the entire CAPEX goes out within the first four months of the property being handed over 
to us. So if we are taking an 800,000 square foot building, we will deploy that initial 40-50 crores to 
do that entire CAPEX for that building in the first four months itself, which is for the common areas 
and the pre-committed clients for the building. After that, we only build out the spaces once a client 
comes and commits to the spaces within those buildings.  So we do  not pre -build and keep any 
inventory. We only build it out as and when the client keeps coming in. So the CAPEX outlay is 
actually distributed. When the cl ient is coming and committing to Smart works, they also pay us a 
security deposit. So on the security deposit arbitrage, Smart works actually negates the security 
deposit that we pay to our landlords. In fact, we get some top -up on that from the clients that come 
to us. And since we are only building out the space after the client has signed with us, they pay us a 
full security deposit even before we start construction. So we are able to manage our cash flows by 
doing that. 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Got it, sir. Thank you. Sir, in the initial remark, you mentioned that asset light model is helping us 
scale faster. So could you please touch upon that as well , because I think we are doing 100% of the 
CAPEX and it is just a state-of-the-art model, so what is asset light in that? 
Neetish Sarda: Asset light, we mean, sir, that because we are not going ahead and buying these buildings, the capital 
which is required to be invested on CAPEX is only Rs.1,350(5) per sq. ft. CAPEX that we typically 
do to build out the interiors of the office spaces. That is only a fraction of the cost of the building. 
Because of our scale, we have been able to reduce our CAPEX outlay significantly, which is one of 
the lowest in the industry and without compromising on quality for the customers, looking at the kind 
of customers that are coming into the Smartworks ecosystem. Because of this ability, we have been  
 
(4) 42 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above.  
(5) 1,300 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above  
[page 13]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
12 
 
very, very capital-efficient. If you look at our growth, pre-IPO, we have only spent Rs.500 crores in 
equity that we have raised in order to build out the entire business and expand the company to over 
Rs.1,370 crores in revenue last year.  This year, we are already seeing significant growth in the first 
half, growing from Rs. 664(6) crores in H1FY25 to nearly Rs.800 crores already in H1FY26. So that 
asset-light model is because our CAPEX spend is so low that we are able to deploy with less capital, 
increase our footprint significantly, and we are not buying any of the assets. 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Okay. Thank you. If I look at your cash flow, I think it is around Rs.186 crores of CAPEX that we 
have done in the first half. So for how many fields would that be? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Thanks a lot for that question. Anirudh this side. As far as the CAPEX deployment is concerned, we 
have actually given a detailed breakdown on page #35 of our investor presentation, that how are we 
calculating our normalized gross block. And when you look at our normalized gross block, our H1 
FY26 footprint was approximately 9.1 million square feet. So for 9.1 million square feet, our 
normalized gross block stands at approximately Rs.1,400-odd crores. And this includes maintenance 
CAPEX as well for the centers which have actually completed around three years. 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Okay. Thank you for that. And if I may ask one more question  on the margin side. So currently, we 
are expanding very fast. I think there would be an impact from the new centers which are coming up 
as well, which are not mature yet. So sir, if I am looking at Smart growth, at a center level, what are 
the EBITDA margins that we could be making  and post all the corporate expenses as a business, 
what could be the margins that we could be making? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: So from a center level EBITDA margin perspective, what we have actually disclosed is around a 
16.4% kind of a corporate EBITDA margin. If you look at our corporate cost, our corporate cost is 
around 8%. So from a center level EBITDA margin perspective, you can actually add both of them 
and it will come to approximately 23% to 24%-odd. That is the range where we are actually operating 
on a center margin. 
Harsh Binani: And to add to Anirudh's point, that is at an overall level where the mature center margins are higher 
than the overall blended margin because there is an initial period where the new centers pull down 
the margin as they ramp up and become mature. So on a s teady state basis, while we continue at a 
high growth pace, adding 2.5-plus million square foot every year, we expect that once the company 
hits the critical scale of 12 million square f eet, which is going to happen in a year and a half from 
now. At that point, the denominator of the new centers will not likely pull down the overall margin 
and you will continue to see margin expansion happen in the subsequent quarters. With our increasing 
scale, operating leverage is playing out well at the center level and we continue to see efficiencies  
 
(6) 680 was mentioned in error. Figure corrected above. 
[page 14]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
13 
 
 post-IPO both on our corporate cost as well as brokerage cost, both of which will reduce as a  
percentage of our revenue and also enable us to expand our margin. We have disclosed more of the 
details in our shareholder letter as well. 
Yashovardhan Agarwal: Okay, sir. Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shiv kumar Prajapati from Ambit Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: Hi, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. So, sir, my first question is on the GCC front. So, right 
now it forms around 20 % to 25% of our overall flagship and obviously going forward as you 
highlighted at the initial remarks as well, it would form around 35 % to 40% of the overall flagship. 
So, I just wanted to understand, are you calling out any specific plans to capture this demand going 
forward? Do these GCCs largely belong to BFSI, IT sector or some other sectors? 
Harsh Binani: Certainly, thank you for the question. GCC is a core area of focus for us and today it accounts for 
more than 15% of our rental revenue. Interestingly, the GCCs are not limited to only IT/ITES clients. 
We have a very well diversified client base, which also includes BFSI, consumer, manufacturing and 
healthcare. And we are in fact seeing GCCs across the board in these sectors as well. We had 
mentioned that we expect the GCC revenue to double in the next couple of years. Keeping that vision 
in mind, we have launched a new product called “SmartVantage.” What we are increasingly seeing 
from GCCs is that they prefer a one-stop solution where the offering is not limited to workspace, but 
also takes c are of their other needs, including on boarding, legal, compliance and taxation. So, we  
have added significantly large partners who are able to deliver this core service as well. And together 
with them, we do a joint GTM where all the needs, including staffing and workspace, get taken care 
of for GCCs. And today, we also have a presence not only in Bangalore and Hyderabad, we are truly 
a Pan India player. Our top six cities contribute more than 80% of our footprint. So, in markets such 
as Gurgaon, Noida, Pune, Bombay, where we are runaway market leaders as well, we are continuing 
to see a lot of inbounds from GCCs. And therefore, this is going to be a Pan India multi -partnership 
model, which will help us double this revenue in the coming years. 
Shivkumar Prajapati: My next question is, would you be able to share about the nuances zone -wise or city -wise? I just 
want to understand, is there any supply constraint or saturation in the market that you see going 
forward? And if you could explain us, like, which zone or city is more challenging to operate , 
something like that? 
Neetish Sarda: So, if you look at our strategy of taking large individual buildings, what makes our model very unique 
and scalable is the fact that for Smartworks to grow at 2.5 to 3 million square foot every year, we 
need to add five to six buildings, considering the average size of buildings that we are taking now is 
400,000 to 500,000 square foot. So in terms of supply, just because of the conscious choice of taking 
large format buildings, our entire portfolio today has over 12 million square foot with less than 60 
[page 15]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
14 
 
centers, which means that these assets are large campuses, which allow us to create an entire 
ecosystem within these buildings, which is paralleled by none. We have this ability of creating a large 
gym, creches, cafeterias, all for our customers, which can  be standardized for their requirements 
across the country.  We realize that with this model, we have the ability of actually scaling in any 
part of the country. We are currently tracking multiple assets across different cities, and wherever we 
are seeing the most opportunity with respect to demand coming from our existing client base, that is 
where the maximum amount of capital deployment is going towards.  
In terms of city growth, we have been seeing opportunities coming from almost all tier one cities of 
India. The top nine cities are actually seeing a significant amount of growth. If you look at our 
trajectory, with only 500,000 square foot of space in Mumbai up till four or five months back today, 
we have scaled up to almost 2 million square foot of space just in the region of Mumbai. So we  are 
seeing a significant amount of demand coming in even from mature cities, where supply might be 
less, but because of our unique ability of taking up large individual buildings , we have been able to 
scale up that entire operations from 0.5 million to 2 million square foot  with just two or three 
buildings. So supply is not a challenge for Smart works. When it comes to demand and cities where 
it is coming from, we  are seeing  a significant amount of demand coming from cities like Pune , 
Hyderabad, Bangalore, Noida, Chennai, which are in the development stage. More mature cities like 
Bombay and Gurgaon, there is some sort of a supply challenge there, but in terms of demand, there 
is a significant amount of demand coming from these mature cities now, because the supply is fairly 
limited compared to some of the developing cities. But with our unique model, we are able to solve 
that supply challenge. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vandit Jain from Sage One Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vandit Jain: So, my first question is around the cash flow. So, since we have seen a high cash outflow due to 
security deposit for the Eastbridge Center, now, when we get the security deposit from the customers, 
does that happen when the demand commitments come in or does that happen when we get the center, 
let us say, in Q3 FY27, so, when the cash inflow is expected to happen? 
Neetish Sarda: So, that also typically happens two, three months before we even hand over the asset to the customers. 
Usually, the deals with the customers would get signed closer to the handover of the building before 
we start deploying our capital. Currently, the capital outflow or the money which we spend is only 
towards the security deposit that we  have given for the building.  Once the existing customers are 
looking at the building, we sign up the building; closer to probably three, four months before we hand 
over the building, they give us their security deposit, so, you start seeing that inflow coming in much 
before we start spending on the fit-out for the client. So, there is a little bit of a mismatch just because 
we are now looking at blocking supply for FY27. For most of these years, pre-IPO, Smartworks was 
looking and growing at a pace in which we were blocking the supply only for this year. Now, with 
our scale and with our ability to take these large campuses, we  are not only blocking supply for the 
[page 16]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
15 
 
same year, but we are also  going ahead and blocking supply for the next year.  Since our IPO, we  
have gone ahead and signed more than 2.7 million square foot of space. And that is where some of 
the security deposit outflow has gone. But you will start seeing realization of security deposit three 
to four months before the property is handed over to us by  the landlord, and much before we start 
spending towards the CAPEX for the customer. 
Harsh Binani: And to clarify and add to N eetish's point as well, the security deposit is not specifically only for 
Hiranandani. In the quarter that has just gone behind us, we have added and paid security deposit for 
more than 2 million square foot. And as N eetish has clarified that the entire security deposit for 
properties which are going to get handed over follow a time-based milestone approach. It is not paid 
out on day one. It  is paid over a period of time. While there is a mismatch, that mismatch is also 
offset with a lot of demand security deposit, which will also start to come. So, I just wanted to clarify 
the 2 million square-foot point which has driven the security deposit outgo in light of the immense 
growth opportunities that we are seeing ahead of us. 
Vandit Jain: Got it. Understood. And my second question is around the blended occupancy level. While for mature 
centers, you mentioned it is around 88%, but at blended level, it is down to about 81%. So, any color 
in that and any indication going forward, how we should see that number? 
Harsh Binani: Thank you for that question. We have mentioned more details about it in the shareholder letter, but 
the 81% is overall at a blended level where the denominator is also playing a factor because we have 
added significant capacity, which has brought it down.  Our mature centers today are at 88% with a 
committed occupancy of 93%, and our overall committed occupancy is also close to about 87%-plus. 
So, that is the sort of visibility we already have today.  
Regarding the occupancy, what is unique to Smartworks is the fact that we not only have a higher 
average occupancy, but the occupancy remains high for a sustained period of time, providing a high 
level of visibility in terms of our revenue and cash flow. Hope that answers the question. Thank you. 
Vandit Jain: Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Asian Market Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Sir, good morning. My first question is on your churn. So, you did mention that your churns are 
higher and you would see a healthy churn going ahead and these are related to your COVID time 
occupancy. I just wanted to understand that does this churn has been opted by you to let the client go 
or the client decided not to renegotiate the rental at the current levels and how has that deal happened, 
and even if we are going to see healthy churn going ahead, and so when this occupancy will come up 
and this retention rate will come to a normalized level? 
[page 17]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
16 
 
Neetish Sarda: Sure. So, if you look at our retention, the retention stands at 74%, but if you look at our committed 
occupancy as Harsh has already mentioned for these centers, they are already at about 87%-88%. So, 
while these churns have happened for clients who signed up with Smartworks back in 2020 and 2021 
because we have a four-to-five-year tenure with most of these customers, it is a voluntary churn that 
Smartworks is doing for customers who are paying at a number which is below what others are paying 
at in the market today or other customers of Smartworks are paying in a particular building.  
This churn is going to happen; this voluntary churn is  good for the company because you will see 
this happening over the next few quarters, especially for a lot of clients which were signed during the 
first two phases of COVID and are all coming up for renewal at this point of time. So, clients who 
are willing to expand or willing to increase the pricing and get to today's level, we  are going ahead 
and renewing with them. But then there will be certain clients who have scaled up significantly and 
economically it might not make sense for them to be in that particular location. We are also trying to 
see if we can take those clients and move them maybe to a different location in the city and reduce 
the cost for them.  
You will see churn coming in over the next two to three quarters, because it is a timeframe which is 
four to five years after COVID. Either those clients will go ahead and pay more or they will be shifted 
to a different center or they will downsize.  In all these three cases, you will see that churn number 
getting impacted. But with that, you should also look at the committed occupancy. The committed 
occupancy stands at 88%.  So, it means that even if the client is churning out, we are immediately 
finding a different client to come and take up that space. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Yes. Thank you for the clarification. Two more things.  One, your other operational revenue has 
doubled compared to last quarter. So, can you please give us some details of the components of the 
revenue, and are they sustainable? And my last question is you have just reduced your number of city 
presence to 14 from 15 in the scenario where every player in this space is increasing their presence 
to multiple cities. So, what is the rationale behind that and how should you look at your expansion  
into newer cities? Thank you. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Thanks a lot, Vikrant. As far as the detail on other revenue is concerned, in Q2 FY25, our other 
revenue stood at approximately Rs.28-odd crores, it has increased to Rs.45-odd crores in Q2 FY26. 
Out of this Rs.45-odd crores, revenue from FAS services contributed to approximately Rs.20-odd 
crores and revenue from ancillary services contributed approximately Rs.25-odd crores vis-a-vis the 
same numbers in the previous year were Rs.16-odd crores for revenue from FAAS and ancillary was 
Rs.12-odd crores. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Okay. So, these numbers are sustainable? 
[page 18]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
17 
 
Anirudh Tapuriah: These numbers are at a significant pace. If you look at these numbers, they have already grown by 
25%-30% and we are seeing these numbers over the next few quarters is in fact going to expand even 
more. 
Vikrant Kashyap: And a clarification on your contraction in the presence of cities, that will be helpful? Thank you. 
Neetish Sarda: The presence of cities also depends on the kind of traction that we are getting. You are seeing us 
increase our footprint more and more in  tier one cities. We were in a situation where in one of the 
tier 2 cities, the building that we work with could not allow us to scale further.  So, we have gone 
ahead and started looking for buildings which is much bigger in size. It is one particular building in 
Jaipur where we would  not have a scalability option and we have to move into a larger individual 
setup. And that is why you will see that reduction. But in fact, in the coming few quarters, you will 
see us increase our footprint by getting into a couple of other tier 2 cities as well. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Okay. Thank you and best of luck. 
Anirudh Tapuriah: I just wanted to add one more aspect as well. Jaipur, which N eetish mentioned, contributed just 
49,000-odd square feet. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Okay. 
Neetish Sarda: And just to add to the guidance that we have, if you look at last complete year, we were at about 
Rs.20 to 25 crores of revenue from that business this year. In the first half itself, it scaled up to about 
Rs.40 crores. You will see this number scale up over the next few quarters and there is a FAAS 
guidance which we have also given in the presentation. 
Vikrant Kashyap: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of A ayush Saboo from Choice Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Aayush Saboo: Yes, congratulations on a robust set of numbers and the new deal signed. Could you just throw more 
light on the SmartVantage concept that we have introduced like how would this flow into our revenue 
and what is the likely growth that we could see from the same? 
Harsh Binani: Thanks, Aayush, for the question. SmartVantage was a new offering exclusively built for GCCs who 
are looking for agility and speed.  As you know, we are able to deliver offices very quickly. And 
GCCs will be driving about 40 to 45 million square foot of incremental new office demand in the 
next two years. And in light of this large incoming demand, we have also now tied up with several 
partners who provide complete end -to-end solutions which a GCC requires.  So, SmartVantage will 
not only take care of their workspace needs, but through our partners, take care of needs of staffing, 
[page 19]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
18 
 
legal, tax, compliance , and onboarding . Although the offering is currently still new and it  is in its 
infancy stage, we expect that our current GCC rental revenue of 15% will likely continue to double 
in the next few years in light of the new offering that we have launched. And this will not only take 
care of new GCCs which are coming, but given the large suite of GCC clients that we already have 
in-house, w e are also actively exploring expansion opportunities with them across our pan -India 
footprint. 
Aayush Saboo: Okay. Thank you. So, I just wanted to clarify the revenue from this SmartVantage segment, would 
this come under our normal managed office portfolio business or would this come under an ancillary 
service or a new revenue stream? 
Harsh Binani: It will be coming in the primary revenue, not separately. 
Aayush Saboo: Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. And just one more point I wanted to clarify. So, the center-level EBITDA 
margins post-corporate overheads would come in the 23%-24% range like, what would be our center-
level EBITDA margins if we factor in the corporate overheads too? 
Neetish Sarda: If you look at blended center -level margins, our normalized EBITDA stands at about 16.4% with 
approximately 8% of corporate cost which is coming in. There is also a customer acquisition cost of 
brokerage that we paid. So, if you look at our blended center-level margins, they are closer to between 
26-30% because there is a mix of mature and immature centers. With more immature centers coming 
up, they drag our profitability on the center level a little down for the first 8-12 months because that 
is all your costs have started, but your revenues take a little bit of time to ramp up. But despite the 
high growth that Smartworks is seeing, you will see that our margins are still being sustained and we 
have grown from 13.4% in the same quarter last year to more than 16% this year on a normalized 
EBITDA. 
Aayush Saboo: Okay, okay. Thank you. All the best for your future. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Utkarsh Soma iya from Eco Quantum Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted one data point. For the first half of FY26, can you tell me 
Pan India the supply and the absorption numbers for flexible workspace?  And if it  is tier 1, tier 2, 
you can bifurcate that would be great? If not, you can give me a pan-India number? 
Harsh Binani: Thank you for the question. Just to clarify, is this for the industry or Smartworks? 
Utkarsh Somaiya: Industry, but you can also give me Smartworks ’ number.. I want to understand how strong the 
demand is versus the supply, hence, I want absorption numbers and incremental supply numbers. 
[page 20]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
19 
 
Harsh Binani: So look, just to provide you a macro perspective, the industry estimates vary depending on where it 
comes from. But office leasing has had a record high over the last few years and we  have seen 
upwards of 70 million square foot of absorption.  Within this consistently flex space has been doing 
more than 20% to 25% of the absorption. So it continues to be a major driver of overall growth of 
office market, which has been going very steadily. So, you can expect very easily upwards of between 
15 to 18 million square foot of new flex space absorption every year.  So that is the broader macro 
number. And within this, obviously, you have several players as well as everyone's different strategy 
based on the supply absorption. So that is the context. And from Smartworks point of view, we have 
1 million square foot of new supply going live in H2 and about 1.4 million square foot of supply 
maturing during this time period, which will drive incremental margin in H2 for us. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: Okay. So you said you expect 15 to 18 million square feet of new flex space absorption each year 
like FY26, FY27, FY28, is that what you meant? 
Harsh Binani: That is right. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: And what is the same number for the H1 FY26? See, I have the numbers till March 2025 from the 
RHP. But from March '25 to September, can you give me the flex space absorption number for the 
industry? 
Neetish Sarda: It is approximately the same number. There is nothing being published right now. So we will have to 
come back on that and we can try to pull that out. But the projection for the first quarter, if you look 
at the first half of this year, in terms of total real estate demand, the year was projected to be about 
70 million square foot. We have already crossed about 48 million square foot in the first half itself. 
So H1 has seen a significant increase in demand. Typically, H2 does better than H1 in most scenarios. 
But this time, we have seen a significant jump in H1 coming in. Almost 25% to 30% of that has come 
from flex. And this might not be the exact number, but this is the predicted number of about 25%, 
which is there. We can try to pull up some of the industry documents to see if someone has projected 
the first half of this year and the total flex demand that has come up, but it should be around that 25% 
to 30% mark. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: Would it be fair to assume that the absorption is either equal to or more than the incremental supply 
for the industry? 
Neetish Sarda: I can comment for Smartworks. And for us, if you look at our total demand, our committed demand 
stands at over 88%. So while we are going ahead and growing at the pace at which we are adding 
more than 2 million square foot, which we  have already done in the last few months itself, still our 
committed occupancy stands very, very high at about 88%.  So while we are taking these assets, we  
are also seeing customers come and take these assets from us, making sure that our committed 
occupancy is steady. So yes, at least for us, we can say that the properties that we  have taken out of 
[page 21]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
20 
 
the 18, if we have gone ahead and taken 2 million plus square foot, that 2 million is standing at about 
88% committed occupancy. 
Utkarsh Somaiya: Okay. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sourabh Gilda from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: Congrats on signing the largest center in Mumbai. Just wanted to get your comments on the demand 
for large spaces. You highlighted that the size of deal signings are increasing sharply and it is also 
reflected in contribution from 1,000 plus cohorts. So there has always been a thought that after 
enterprises grow to a certain point it may make sense to switch from a flex to a conventional office 
center, but that is clearly not the trend given your numbers and your comments on the size of the deal 
that are taking place. So, if you can just throw some light on what is the thought process from a tenant 
perspective in terms of signing a flex space? 
Neetish Sarda: Absolutely. I think, tenants are not just looking at flex space as an option till they get to a critical 
scale. If you look at Smartworks campuses, while Hiranandani building in Vikhroli is now our largest 
campus, we have multiple campuses which are already operational  and standing at 90 %-plus 
occupancies across the country. We have buildings like AP 81 in Pune, Malpani Agile in Pune, 43 in 
Pune, Vaishnavi Tech Park in Bangalore. These are all massive assets of 650,000 square foot plus 
buildings, in which more than 10,000 people come on a day-to-day basis to work. So these assets are 
something that Smartworks has created via this model in which our ability to take up these buildings 
and transform them into campuses is shown off. So when a customer comes and they take space in 
this building, they are not just looking at flexibility, they are looking at for the value pricing in terms 
of costing, they are looking at getting a standardized experience for their employees across different 
cities; whether they take 200 seats in a location or 1,000 seats in a location, their employees will get 
access to the similar size of a gym, cr eche, cafeteria, all of the common amenities that are required. 
So while flexibility is typically there in co -working and in back -to-back deals, with Smart works, 
most of the tenants who are coming are looking at us as Pan India partners, scaling their businesses 
across offices across India and moving them into Smartworks centers. How I can demonstrate this is 
if you look at our numbers, we have over 760 clients currently, which is a much smaller cohort of 
clients. While 760 is a large number, it is much smaller compared to a lot of co-working demand that 
comes where the number of clients might be in thousands. So our clients look at Smart works as a 
Pan India partner. They  are moving not only their offices in a p articular city, but they  are moving 
their Pan India portfolio into Smart works centers just because of the pricing, just because of the 
flexibility, because of the amenities that their employees are getting, and the fact that we can give 
them that scalability option to grow from 100 to 1,000 to 2,000 within these campuses or within 
campuses of Smartworks, where they do not have to worry about managing and running their offices 
anymore. This metric is something which is very, very unique to Smartworks. 
[page 22]
 Smartworks Coworking Spaces Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
21 
 
Sourabh Gilda: Got it. And just as a follow -up, when you say contribution of 1,000 plus may increase, it may not 
necessarily mean that this 1,000 plus is at one location, right , from the same client across your 
portfolio? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: Yes, it is in multiple cities. 
Neetish Sarda: It is in the same location, but there might be deals which are 1,000 -plus, the same client might be 
sitting in two different cities with 1,000-plus teams. So, it is a mix of both. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vandit Jain from Sage  One Investments Manager, LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Vandit Jain: I had just one more question. Around the blended per -seat rental that we are getting, it stands at 
around Rs.7,500 for the occupied seats. So, with the churn that we have seen in this quarter, do you 
think that number could go up or any color on that? 
Anirudh Tapuriah: From a per -square feet pricing perspective, Vandit, our blended revenue realization stands at 
approximately Rs.175 as far as Q2F Y26 is concerned. When you look at the numbers for example, 
in the last year, say it was around that Rs.160, Rs.165 kind of a mark. 
Harsh Binani: So, on a go -forward basis as a function of increased occupancy as well as the rentals reflecting the 
current market reality, you should expect to see the realization per-square foot continuing to go up. 
Vandit Jain: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's call. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Binani for closing comments. 
Harsh Binani: Thank you very much for attending our second earnings call after listing. We are very grateful for 
your time and we have this time also shared an additional shareholder letter which we thought will 
answer a lot of the pressing questions that you might have on the industry as well as on Smartworks. 
So, this is our humble attempt to address some of those perspectives and we look forward to 
continuous robust growth in the coming quarters and again engaging with you for our next earnings 
call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: On behalf of Kotak Institutional Equit ies, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
