[page 1]
 
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748; Email Id: mm@qmsmas.com 
 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C 1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051, Maharashtra. 
 
SYMBOL: QMSMEDI 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Call for quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the Earning Call for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026 held on August 17, 2026. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at: https://qmsmas.com/ 
 
Kindly take the same on your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
           
TORAL JAILESH BHADRA 
(MEMBERSHIP NUMBER: A56927) 
(COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER) 
DATE: AUGUST 21, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
    
TORAL 
JAILESH 
BHADRA
Digitally signed by 
TORAL JAILESH 
BHADRA 
Date: 2026.08.21 
15:58:41 +05'30'

[page 2]
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“QMS Medical Allied Services Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH MAKHIJA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. MOHIT TAMHANKAR – DIRECTOR, COMPLIANCE 
– QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call for 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited. The management will be sharing the key operating and 
financial highlights for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, followed by a question-and-answer 
session. 
 
Please note that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's financial 
performance are available on the stock exchange and the company's website. Trust, you have 
been able to go through the same. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Makhija, Chairman and Managing Director. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Mahesh Makhija, Chairman and Managing 
Director of QMS Medical Allied Services, and I'm delighted to welcome you all to the Quarter 
1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call of QMS Medical Allied Services. 
 
Our financial results and investor presentation has been uploaded on stock exchange as well as 
on our website. And I hope you had an opportunity to review them. Joining me on our call today 
is Mr. Mohit Tamhankar, he is our Director Compliance. It gives me immense pleasure to share 
our quarter 1 FY '27 performance with you. 
 
This quarter marks a strong start to the new financial year and comes on the back of several 
important milestones of QMS. One of the key milestones was our successful migration of the 
SME platform to the main board of NSE on June 18, 2026. This reflects the progress we have 
made over the years and reinforces our commitment to ending a larger, stronger and more 
diversified health care services platform. 
 
For the next few minutes, I'll take you through the industry landscape of our business 
performance and our financial results of Q1 FY '27. India healthcare industry continues to offer 
a strong long-term growth opportunities supported by rising healthcare awareness, increase in 
healthcare spending, expanding access to health care and the rapid adoption of digital health 
solution. At the same time, the growing burden of chronic diseases and increasing treatment 
complexity advising greater focus on continued patient care, adherence, and engagement. 
 
Against this backdrop, the patient service programs of PSP ecosystem is gaining increasing 
importance. Pharmaceutical companies are increasingly moving beyond medicines towards 
more holistic patient-centric care. PSP typically focus on treatment, access, patient education, 
adherence, disease management and on on-going patient engagements, particularly across 
chronic and specialty therapies. 
 
Indian pharmaceutical industry provides a large and expanding ecosystem for PSP. India is also 
a major global supplier of medicines accounting for around one-fifth of the global generic 

[page 4]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
medicine supply. As pharmaceutical companies increasingly focused on improving patient 
access, adherence and outcomes we expect demand for our integrated and technology-enabled 
PSP platform to continue growing. 
 
We believe that the combination of both the on-ground execution, digital engagement and data-
driven patient support present some meaningful long-term opportunity for QMS. Coming to our 
performance, I'm pleased to report that we have started FY '27 on a strong growth. Our 
consolidated revenues from the operations stood at INR56.9 crores, registering a 22% year-on-
year growth. More importantly, our EBITDA grew faster than revenue, increasing 27% year on 
to INR8.3 crores with the EBITDA margin improving 14.6% compared with 14.1% in Q1 FY 
'26 and 13.3% in the Q4 FY '26. PAT stood at around INR4 crores, growing 25% year-on-year. 
 
While our PAT margins have improved to 7%, the sequential performance is equally increasing. 
The revenue increased by 28%. Quarter-on-quarter EBITDA grew by 41% and PAT more than 
doubled, increasing 110% over quarter 4 FY '26. I believe these numbers are particularly 
important because they demonstrate that the investments we made during the FY '26 in people, 
technology, infrastructure and service capabilities are now beginning to translate into a strong 
revenue growth and improved operational performance. 
 
As the business continues to result around two complementary pillars, product and services. Our 
Product business continued to see a healthy traction during the quarter across our healthcare and 
wellness portfolio, including Q-Devices. We are strengthening our presence across multiple 
channels, including the pharmaceutical companies, hospitals, clinics, QMeds, our ePortal, 
eGramin, and our digital platforms. Our expanding distribution network and a broad product 
portfolio basis a strong foundation to scale this business further. 
 
We will continue our focus on expanding our own brand portfolio, strengthening our distribution 
network and increasing our presence across our point of care and other health care segments. At 
the same time, our services business is emerging as an increasingly important growth engine for 
QMS The business has been driven by a deeper pharmaceutical partnerships increasing adoption 
of patient support programs and the growing scale of our health care camp operations. 
 
During our quarter 1 FY '27, our PSP business, including subsidiary, Saarathi Healthcare 
generated approximately INR17 crores of revenue. We currently hold a 76% stake in Saarathi 
Healthcare and are progressing towards acquiring the remaining stake, which we expect to 
complete by the end of quarter 2 FY '27. This will further strengthen our capabilities in disease 
management and the patient support program, enabling us to address the patient journey in a 
more comprehensive manner. 
 
Today, our proprietary technology platform supports 100-plus programs and more than 1 million 
patients providing real brand tracking, monitoring, analytics and patient engagement 
capabilities. This combination of technology health care expertise and on-ground execution 
gives us the ability to manage patient programs at a larger scale. Our B2B health care camps 
also continues to scale during this quarter. 

[page 5]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
We are very pleased to announce that we have conducted more than 11,497 B2B health camps 
in the Quarter 1 FY '27 demonstrating the depth of our field execution capabilities and the trust 
based on us by our profitable factors. Importantly, we see PSP and healthcare camps as 
complementary capabilities. Camps enable screening, awareness and early diagnosis while PSP 
grows us to engage that makes patients with treatment initiation, counseling, adherence and 
follow-ups in disease management. 
 
Together, they allow QMS to participate across a much broader path of patient learning. Looking 
forward, our strategy remains focused on three key areas. First scaling the service business, 
particularly patient service programs by deepening relationships with pharmaceutical companies 
and expanding across different therapeutic areas. 
 
Second, expanding our product business led by Q-Devices, Point of Care Solutions, and our 
broader distribution network, while leveraging our platforms, such as QMS MEDS and eGramin. 
Third, leveraging technology across our health care ecosystem to reason engagement and 
services deliveries were scalable, measureable and data driven. We believe these initiatives 
position the QMS well to benefit from structural shift towards the patient centric and solution-
driven healthcare. Overall, I believe Q1 FY '27 represents an important start to the year for QMS. 
 
We have delivered a strong revenue growth, transfer EBITDA growth, improved margins and a 
healthy increase in profitability, while simultaneously continuing to strengthen the underlying 
capabilities of the business. More importantly, the quarter demonstrates that the investments 
made are beginning to yield results, while our product business grows to provide a strong 
foundation for the growth. 
 
Our ambition is to build QMS into a comprehensive healthcare solutions platform, combining 
our medical products, patient engagement, technology and nationwide execution capabilities, 
while growing PSP opportunities and expanding pharmaceutical company based a strengthened 
service platform to Saarathi and our established products and distribution franchise, we remain 
confident about the long-term growth opportunity ahead. 
 
I would like to thank our employees, customers, pharmaceutical partners, business associates, 
shareholders for their continued trust and support. We remain focused on discipline, execution, 
sustainable growth, and creating a long-term value for our stakeholders. Thank you, and I look 
forward to discussing this quarter with you. Thank you, guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the first question from the line of Parth Sodha from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Parth Sodha: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Yes. 
Parth Sodha: 
Yes. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is like Q devices 
is expected to improve margins and expand the portfolio. So, what was the Q device revenue in 
Q1 and what revenue contribution are you targeting for FY27? 

[page 6]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Mahesh Makhija: 
See, Q devices, quarter 1 revenue was approximately INR3 crores. Okay. Last year, the entire 
financial year we did INR14 crores actually, okay? And we're looking at a 10% to 15% 
contribution coming from Q devices. We are including a lot of point-of-care products, which are 
going to be a part of our new portfolio, which will start in, you know, we'll be putting this in the 
market by the quarter first end of -- I mean, by third quarter, technically speaking. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
So just to add to that, also Q devices is a very important strategic initiative for us. As you can 
understand, because it basically help us opportunity to participate beyond pure distribution and 
gives us greater control on product selection, quality, supply chain, while supporting our 
margins. So, it will become -- and as it has been in the past, an important asset for us as far as 
risk strategic initiative is concerned. 
Parth Sodha: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is like Q1 had 11,497 camps and INR13.7 crores revenue, 
implying much higher revenue per camp than FY26. How much of this improvement is due to 
higher value trends versus pricings or patient linked billing? 
Finance Team: 
Hi. From the finance team, just a correction, we are just uploading a revised file. The number of 
the revenue actually for B2B camps is INR6.4 crores, which has got misprinted as INR13.68 
crores. So that is just getting rectified. And I would want Mahesh-bhai to answer, what's driving 
it. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
The question of driving is, again, the more therapeutic segment areas that we are entering 
actually right now. That's more important. So, the more deeper we get into an organization, the 
more number of areas. Now with the GLP-1 -- launch of GLP-1 also, so that has also increased 
the business model right now. So, we would like to look at the more different areas within the 
organization, the different therapeutic segments actually, that’s what we are driving actually. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Just to add to that, as you can understand, B2B camps continue to be very important at the entry 
point of the patient journey, because the early screening, the early diagnosis is something that is 
also driven by Government of India. 
So, we are actually helping through the pharmaceutical companies, to the end-care patients to 
help diagnose the disease early so that they can be treated early and helps to reduce the 
complications like diabetic retinopathy, etc. While we improve on our execution because as 
you've seen that more than 11,500 camps, which is almost a 40% increase over the last quarter, 
we continue to be very positive to have greater penetration in B2B camps in this fiscal year. 
Parth Sodha: 
 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much for the opportunities. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saket Saurabh from Sagari Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Yes. 

[page 7]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 Saket Saurabh: 
Yes. So, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if I look at the Q4 commentary, the expectation was that 
we had hired employees upfront. So, we were expecting some operating leverage coming from 
employee expenses. But instead, what we see is that employee expenses, whether sequentially, 
that is Q-o-Q has gone almost from, say, INR5-odd crores to almost 10.5 -- sorry, almost INR11 
crores now -- from IN 5.7 crores has gone to INR11.2 crores. And on Y-o-Y basis, it is INR3.5 
crores. So instead of operating leverage, we are seeing much more increased expenses. 
So one, what explains that? Has the PSP, the semaglutide PSP, which was likely to kick off with 
Semaglutide getting launched in last week of March or so. So, has that not picked up pace yet? 
And what explains even more additional employee expenses? So that's point one. And second, 
most of the margin -- while the margin has been largely flattish, but the most of the, I would say, 
dip in or say, negative impact of employee expenses has been nullified by the increase in gross 
margin. 
So, what is driving the gross margin? Is it driven from, say, low-cost inventory of products that 
we having or any price hikes that we might have taken in the sale of product portfolio? And third 
was that we were expecting that, because the services portfolio is likely to be much higher 
margin around 25-odd percent. But even if I look at vis-a-vis Y-o-Y, the contribution of services 
has gone up, but the margin hasn't really followed soon. So just thoughts on that, sir? 
Finance Team: 
Hi. This is from the finance team. I'll answer your question about the employee cost. The 
employee cost has increased because of further hiring that we have for our PSPs. And that is 
reflecting and that cost has been compensated by the higher revenue of our PSPs. So, in certain 
PSPs, we would have contractual employees, but there are some long-term PSPs which required 
us to hire employees on our payroll. 
So, it's not that our employee cost has increased without the increase in the service revenue, the 
contracts that were supposed to start have already started in quarter 1. And the -- basically, it's 
those exact employees that are contributing to the revenue. So, I hope that answers the question 
regarding the increase in employee cost. Can you repeat your next question? 
Saket Saurabh: 
Yes. So just, again, first double clicking on the employee cost. So say, for example, last time we 
had said that it was upfront hiring, so which led to INR5.7 odd crores of expenses. So, what was 
the order book of PSP saying Q4 vis-a-vis, say, order book of PSPs in Q1? Because I'm assuming 
more hiring means, the order book or say, number of contracts or total contract value of PSPs 
might have gone up. So, what is the trend as far as PSP? 
Finance Team: 
So, our PSPs are typically cost-plus contracts. So, the employee cost plus the administration 
cost, plus cost of other allied services are charged to the client, and we have a markup. And PSPs 
typically work on an annual contract basis. So, we would have a yearly contract, and that would 
get renewed towards the end of the year for the next year. So, I am not able to decipher how can 
I calculate an order book for this, but these are typically a year-long contracts, and we build 
based on actuals plus a markup. And this year ... 
Saket Saurabh: 
And what was the PSP revenue in Q1 then? 

[page 8]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Finance Team: 
If you see the presentation, you see that our PSP revenue in Q1 is about INR17 crores, it's 
actually INR17.6 crores. And separately, our camp revenue is INR6.4 crores. So, you combine 
them two, that we have a INR24 crores, INR25 crores of service revenue in this quarter. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Okay. And is it safe to assume that it's -- because these are annual contracts, so annual, say, 
expectation from PSP would be more like INR17.6 into 4, which is around INR70-odd crores. 
Is that the run rate that we can look for this year? Or it might scale up? Is there a possibility of 
that? 
Finance Team: 
It is based on the current contracts signed; you are correct. But we are also under negotiations 
for additional contracts. So as and when that happens, this number might go up based on the 
outcomes. However, for now, you can consider that. And we've guided approximately INR90 
crores to INR100 crores of service revenue visibility for this year. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Okay. So thus -- I think what was guided was that 25% is the EBITDA for services. So does that 
hold true for PSP also, because if I'm not mistaken, most of the cost-plus markup has 12% to 
13% kind of markups. So, is it like we are much higher? 
Finance Team: 
So, we have a higher margin in camps and a lower margin in PSPs and the combined margins is 
what we estimate to be in 20% to 25% range. I would want Mahesh to talk in. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
There are a lot of PSPs basically which starts from a camp point of view, that the program is 
fitted in that way, so there are a lot of camps which are taken into place and then the other factors 
also coming. So, there is a combination basically of everything working on that actually. Okay. 
Mohit, do you want to say something? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Just to add just one point. In quarter 4, we also said that part of the program has been rolled out 
in quarter 1, the other part has been rolled out, and the few employees, which you see the increase 
in employee cost has been added. So more or less, you will see overall in last two quarters. This 
has already been taken into account. 
As far as longevity is concerned, in terms of stickiness, we already have said in the past that the 
stickiness of these projects, as our finance team mentioned is on a yearly basis. So, we have 
typically yearly, maybe 2 or 3 yearly contracts that are there. So, we will have sustainability for 
the contracts over the long term. 
Saket Saurabh: 
So, this INR11-odd crores employee expense, is that a fair stable run rate or do we see further 
acceleration more order wins or say PSP contracts getting coming in? Is there a possibility? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
We believe more or less, it will be a stable run rate. Having said that, it might increase if we 
have new projects, as you can understand, depending on the intensiveness of the project, whether 
it is field driven or whether it is digital driven. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Or within the core existing projects, if the companies want to scale it up more, okay? They 
believe that they -- if they want to scale it up more, then there might be an increase on that. 

[page 9]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Saket Saurabh: 
Fair point, sir. And another question was that what explains the expansion in gross margins? Is 
it like low-cost inventory or you have taken product price hikes, what explains that GM increase? 
Finance Team: 
The margin increase is driven by the shift of our revenue from the revenue contribution; a higher 
contribution is coming from services. So that is a driver for the expansion of gross margins. Our 
margins in the product set are more or less stable as they were However, since -- if you see the 
contribution now a higher contribution of our revenue comes from services, and this is our 
strategic target, and we want to continue expanding that, that has driven the gross margins to be 
higher this quarter, and we expect that trend to continue for the full year. So, if you see the 
quarter... 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Sorry, just to add to that, if you see the quarter 1 last year versus quarter 1 this year, our services 
contribution to the total revenue has increased from 30% to 40%. And therefore, the margins 
have increased as well. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Got it. So, what a now updated guidance for this year for the total top line was around INR220-
odd crores. But we already are sitting at INR57-odd crores. So -- and we are usually extra heavy 
if I'm not mistaken, based on the earlier interactions. So, what's the updated top line guidance 
now for FY27? 
Finance Team: 
We would want to maintain that guidance because we just finished quarter 1, we are in mid of 
quarter 2. In our experience in the way pharma cycle goes 1 out of the 4 quarters for some 
purpose for some reason or a PSP point of view does get delayed. So, we would want to be 
conservative and maintain that guidance. Maybe when they are closer to Q2, Q3 is when we 
would be tempted to revise the guidance now. But this is too early in the year to revise the 
guidance. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Okay. Thanks for the opportunity. I will fall back in the queue and best of luck for coming 
quarters. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nish Shah from Stellar AMC. Please go ahead. 
Nish Shah: 
Hello. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for good set of numbers. So, 
my first question is regarding the PSP side. So, you mentioned that the PSP revenue was around 
INR17 crores to INR18-odd crores. So, what do -- how should we think about the growth 
trajectory of the PSP programs going forward? And what is the current pipeline? You mentioned 
that some new contracts in the pipeline, if you could mention the amounting that would be useful. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Sure. So, I think going by the current run rate, as I said earlier, that the quarter 4 what we have 
signed in terms of new agreements of PSP, is going to have its annual impact in this fiscal year 
at FY27. We believe that the overall impact, including the current contracts that we have will 
lead us to about INR90 crores to INR95 crores in this year overall from the PSPs. 

[page 10]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
And we believe that the additional PSPs that we were talking about will give us additional INR5 
crores to INR7 crores. So, our net overall contribution to the PSP with operations revenue, it 
will be around INR100 crores to INR105 crores in FY27. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay, sir. And this includes Saarathi, correct? 
Sejal Mhatre: 
It include Saarathi, yes. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay. So, you also mentioned something on the stickiness and the renewal is within 1, or 2, 3 
years contracts. So, what percentage of revenue, what percentage of contracts to get to be from 
the existing customer and the contract that got renewed? And what is the visibility beyond the 
existing customers, any new customers in pipeline? How is it? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Yes. So, we believe, generally, there are 3 elements to the overall stickiness. One is that we have 
seen in last 4 or 5 years that our contract renewals are up to 60% to 70%. So, we will have a 
rollover sales of 60% to 70% on a year-on-year basis. Secondly, as Mr. Mahesh mentioned, that 
if program increases in terms of number of people or services or camps, add to the revenue. 
And third is our pipeline that we keep talking about. And this pipeline is not something that will 
get that can generate sales overnight, as you can understand that these are long-term projects. It 
requires a bit of a gestation period. But we believe between 3 to 6 months is generally a gestation 
period of any new project. So, these are the 3 levers that we have for our PSP revenues between 
FY26, FY27 and moving forward on a year-on-year basis. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay, sir, understood. And one more thing, let's say for the renewal contract, is there any 
provision for a price hike or let's say, is a contract designed for 2, 3 years, if any uncertainty 
comes up on do we have what -- let's say, on the price hike you contracts for 2 to 3 years. Do we 
get some price hikes? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Yes. So, in terms of the price hike, we generally have 5% to 7% to 12%, depending on the scale 
of the project. That price hike is already mentioned in the agreement on a year-on-year basis. 
Uncertainty is the part of the world. It's -- we are all living in an uncertain world. So, whether 
that contract will remain for 3 years, 5 years or 2 years, we are looking at the crystal ball. So that 
is not something that I will be able to tell you exactly. 
Having said that, the new projects and the increase in the project and our longevity in the market, 
in the pharmaceutical and the PSP market, helps us to remain with those clients for a long period 
of time as we have proven in the last few years. So, I think these things help us to also mitigate 
and also see the future direction of a particular client or an organization, which may get impacted 
either by a product recall or by a price cut in DPCO by the government, which reduces the price, 
etcetera. 
The other thing which will help us to improve our leverage is, of course, as we mentioned earlier, 
is improving our services through our camps services with innovation in product services as well 
as the new products to improve the early diagnosis. Put all these things together, we will be -- it 

[page 11]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
will help us to mitigate any of the contingency which might come in terms of any agreement is 
getting written off from the client. 
Finance Team: 
Just to add one point to this thickness, the cost center that the pharma company looks at us is 
from point of view of marketing. So, the services, the PSP essentially help the pharma 
companies. I wouldn't say, generate sales, but maintain the relationship and adherence to the 
particular medicine and the therapy. So, it's not a cost that is the first target in a cost cut by a 
pharma company. However, as new drugs get launched and as they would want to penetrate the 
market further, this is something which helps them do that. 
And in our experience, these contracts based on industry practice are a year-on-year contract. 
But unless there is a drastic change in the product profile, portfolio, or regulation, our experience 
shows that the pharma companies keep continuing, renewing, and expanding scopes of these 
programs. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, on what traction are you seeing, like more pharma companies are currently 
allocating their budgets between traditional promotional activities as the camps or PSPs? And 
are we seeing a PSP becoming more larger and recurring component of that spending? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
So, I think there are many companies, in fact, including Indian and multinational companies who 
are allocating their budgets more and more to the PSP as -- my colleague mentioned just now 
that it is a way to get no time in the doctor's chamber because there are not new innovative 
products that get launched every day, number one. 
 
Number two, that a new group of products that we were also discussing in Q4 and in Q3 gets 
launched GLP-1. There are certain -- this is a certain subset of the product category which 
acquired PSP by default. So, we -- as we mentioned, we are running almost 4 to 5 PSP programs 
in the GLP-1 category. 
 
It becomes an integral part of the marketing campaign, patient access and patient adherence for 
them to launch the GLP-1. Another important parameter, which is -- which must pick up in mind 
are the disease areas, which are more difficulty, like hepatology, oncology, rheumatology, 
etcetera. These are patient programs, which are very, very important for the overall quality of 
life of the patients, as well as making sure that the disease outcomes and the health outcomes of 
patients are better in times to come. 
 
So, that's the reason why many of the companies are now looking at PSP, not only from the 
market access and the patient outcomes point of view. But also, to make sure that they create a 
differential in the market as far as doctors and stakeholders are concerned. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay, sir. So, are you seeing any smaller companies getting into PSP? Are the concentration is 
sell among a large customer already? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
So, I think when you look at a smaller company, I don't know what is the definition, if it is 
INR100 crores -- INR200 crores, these are companies who are still trying to adapt themselves 
in the market. Their EBITDA margins or the marketing spend probably does not allow them and 

[page 12]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
they don't want them to be in that category as a market leader. So, most of the programs that we 
are running currently are with Top 20 or Top 30 companies. 
 
Having said that, there are a lot of companies now which are medium-sized companies where 
we are getting into with our camps. And that is something that is helping them to penetrate with 
the doctors as a marketing campaign. 
Nish Shah: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you, sir, and all the best for future. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question, please press star and one. We take the next 
question from the line of Deep Doshi, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Deep Doshi: 
Hello. Thank you for this opportunity. Am I audible? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Yes. 
Deep Doshi: 
Sir, could you please help us understand the revenue and profitability profile of Saarathi 
separately? Like how much of the INR10 crores in Q1 PSP revenue came from Saarathi versus 
QMS existing PSP operations? And where do you see the biggest synergies between the two 
businesses? 
Finance Team: 
So, while we could separately share the numbers and they do not be right to look at them 
individually, because the service portfolio of QMS group as such is divided between Saarathi 
and QMS. So, depending on the relationship, a particular entity has and the capability and the 
registration that a particular entity has, we would have a contract signed with either of the 
entities. 
 
So, looking at QMS' individual numbers or Saarathi Healthcare individual numbers will not give 
a clarity on what is the performance because the revenues are split between both the entities. So, 
like I said, like we would -- I don't have that number. I'm not sure if I can share the numbers 
because they're not part of the investor presentation. But we could definitely work out the 
difference in the standalone and consolidated numbers to have a look at that. 
 
While -- and we -- over the last 3 years, we have more and more integrated operations of Saarathi 
with QMS. We have -- our teams have been aligned. Our synergies have been realized. So, you 
could look at the total consolidated service revenue and profitability book, to analyze what has 
been in service performance. 
Deep Doshi: 
Okay, sir. So, moving on to the product business, like the product business, like, continues to be 
a larger portion of our revenue. So, what are the key growth drivers for within products for FY 
'27? 
Mahesh Makhija: 
As I said in my introductory speech, Q Devices is definetly going to be a growth driver, as well 
as to our point of care products which we are planning to come over. But it says going to be a 
growth driver for us. 

[page 13]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Deep Doshi: 
Okay. And to one of the earlier participants, you mentioned about the increase in the employee 
cost, okay? So, can you just guide us how this number shape up as we progress into FY '27? 
Finance Team: 
So, the numbers -- the quarterly number that you see right now is as of today stable. There would 
be -- there could be approximately 5% to 10% difference there depending on our subsequent 
hirings and annual hikes. But apart from that, for FY '27, this number looks to be reasonably 
settled up. 
 
Having said that, if we do win any new major contracts midyear, this requires us to do further 
hirings, we will do that. But all of the hiring will be backed by a contract where we will be 
charging off these expenses and actual margin to our client, only then we will be those doing 
those hirings. 
Deep Doshi: 
Fair enough. Just one last question from my side. The Q Devices appear be an important part of 
the company strategy. So, could you just give us some color on the current scale of Q-devices, 
the number of products and the company's expectation of the contribution in revenue in the 
coming 2 years to 3 years maybe? 
Mahesh Makhija: 
See, our first -- like I said, last year, we did around INR14-odd crores per Q Devices. Quarter 
one is approximately INR3-odd crores. The number of products that we have introduced at this 
moment that at least 17-odd products, you know, being introduced in new devices at this 
moment. We plan to increase the number of more products and other banner of Q Devices 
actually. And definitely, out of the product segment that we sell, we are targeting in 3 years are 
an to be actually around 20%, 25% of total product revenue coming from Q Devices. 
Finance Team: 
And just to add, this will be driven by fresh and new technology-based launches that we have in 
pipeline for Q Devices where the products will be unique and that will help a get -- create a pull 
for these products. We've established a good name and now is the time that we'll be able to use 
that goodwill to generate more sales. 
Deep Doshi: 
Thank you so much for your time, sir, and all the best for your time ahead. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions, please press star and one. We take the next 
question from the line of Saket Saurabh from Sagari Capital. Please go ahead. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. So just one quick question. You know, we had guided for 18%-
odd EBITDA margin for FY '27. Now, with the kind of – with the way Q1 has shaped up and 
the employee expense is likely to remain -- the run rate likely to remain. And the top line also, 
we are seeing that would still be on, say, earlier guided terms. So, do we think that we can still 
meet the 18% EBITDA margin guidance for full year '27? 
Finance Team: 
So, if you look at the current numbers and we set a ramp-up, I would want to continue to maintain 
the guidance and not change anything at least in quarter three. So, the way the ramp-up is planned 
with the way we are looking at our numbers and our projections right now, things are in place. 

[page 14]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
We have seen a certain uptick from the earlier quarters. And we think that the uptick will 
continue. 
 
And by the end of the year, the average would be higher. And now, whether it will be 18% or 
17% or 16% or 20%, by the time we reach quarter four, it will take us to enter quarter three to 
give you that exact number. But those numbers that we shared were based on certain projections 
and those facts have not changed on ground. So, that's why we land right now. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Got it. Currently, because I think we are only -- I think the consolidation in our topline would 
be about 76% of Saarathi, right? 
Finance Team: 
No. So, we consolidate all the numbers in total, all the revenue, expenses in total. And while 
calculating EPS, a 24% noncontrolling interest is subtracted. So, the numbers that you are seeing 
are A plus B numbers in whole. So, whole of revenue of Saarathi, EBITDA of Saarathi and profit 
before tax is consolidated. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Okay. Got it. And so, within our PSP initiative, do we also have, say, products that are currently 
under patent? Or these are mostly difficult to treat, but gene-sized molecules? 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
So, are you saying the products in terms of the devices or what kind of products? 
Saket Saurabh: 
No. When I said a PSP, so they might say molecules like that are still under patent, say, for 
example -- yes. So, there is that weight lost that really has, right? It is under patent. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Yes. 
Saket Saurabh: 
So, do we have the patented molecules, sorry, my bad -- I was talking about molecules – right. 
Yes. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
No problem. Yes. So, you're right. In terms of some of them, we are. So, the GLP, the weight 
loss one has actually lost patent, and that's the reason why there are a lot of Indian generic 
companies which have come in from -- and this is mainly Semaglutide, which is from Novo. 
There are, you know, semaglutide generics, which have come. 
 
So, that's number one. Number two, there are a lot of other products which are patented in the 
field of super specialty like oncology, as I mentioned earlier, virology, hepatology etcetera. And 
we are running some of the patient programs and PSPs in that area. 
 
Whenever they are generalized, obviously, a lot of other programs from other companies will 
come in. So, I think it's a mix of both patented and non-patented. But you are right, in terms of 
the patented molecules, there are ones which are coming with typically in a high specialty area 
where we run PSPs to these organizations as well. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks. Thanks for the opportunity, and best of luck. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Thank you. 

[page 15]
 
 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Mohit Tamhankar: 
Okay. So, thank you very much for all your questions, remarks, comments, etcetera. I hope we 
have been able to answer all the questions adequately. You are more than welcome if there are 
any residual questions or follow-up questions to e-mail it to us. We will be more than happy to 
come back to you. 
 
We've had, as Mr. Mahesh mentioned, a great quarter one, which is a new beginning for us for 
FY '27. We hope that as we integrate Saarathi completely in our organization, in quarter two, 
we will be able to deliver the numbers as per the guidance in FY '27 and we are very bullish with 
the future of the overall healthcare industry, not only running on PSPs, but also bettering the 
patient outcomes and market access. 
 
With this, I thank you very much for your participation, and we look forward to see you soon. 
Thank you. 
Mahesh Makhija: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  

