
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
GSM	FOILS	LIMITED	
CIN: U43303MH2023PLC405459 
REGISTERED	 OFFICE: GALA NO 06/106/206/306, SAPPHIRE BUILDING, DIAMOND INDUSTRIAL 
ESTATE, VASAI (E), PALGHAR - 401208, MAHARASHTRA 
PHONE	NO.:  +91 91 84689 68102 
EMAIL	ID: info@gsmfoils.com	 	 			 WEBSITE: www.gsmfoils.com 
  
 July 25, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra, 
Mumbai-400051, Maharashtra 
 
Scrip Code: GSMFOILS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 11th July, 2025 related to the Earnings Conference call and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI-LODR”), we would like to inform that 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 21 st July, 2025 at 05:00 P.M., is 
attached herewith. 
 
This will also be hosted on the Company’s website at 
https://www.gsmfoils.com/public/assets/recording/GSM_Foils_Ltd_Transcript_Final_Q10_FY26.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you 
For GSM FOILS LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
SAGAR BHANUSHALI 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DIN: 09126902 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“GSM Foils Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT:  M R. SAGAR GIRISH BHANUSHALI – CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GSM FOILS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. AAGAM SHAH – X-B4 ADVISORY LLP 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY26 Earn ings Conference Call of 
GSM Foils Limited hosted by X-B4 Advisory LLP. As a reminder, a ll participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for yo u to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aagam Shah from X-B4 Advisory LLP. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Aagam Shah: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY26 e arnings conference call of 
GSM Foils Limited. Today, on this call, we have Mr. Sagar Giris h Bhanushali, who is the 
Whole-Time Director and the Chief Financial Officer of GSM Foil s Limited. This conference 
call may contain some forward-looking statements about the comp any, which are based on the 
beliefs, opinions, and the expectations as of today. Actual results may differ. The statements are 
not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainty.  
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. Sagar for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Hello, all. I'm Sagar Girish Bhanushali. Thank you everyone, fo r joining on this Q1 FY26 
earnings call of GSM Foils Limited. I would like to begin with a brief introduction of GSM Foils 
for the benefits of our new inve stors, participants joining for  the first time. GSM Foils is a 
quality-focused manufacturing of aluminium foil based on primar y packaging materials, 
specifically blister foil and stri p foil, which is used for pac king tablets and capsules in the 
pharmaceutical industries.  
These foils are very critical as it helps in protecting medicin es from moisture, oxygen, 
contamination and it ensures patient safety and regulatory compliance. With more than 65 active 
pharmaceutical clients across 14 states in India, we have built  a reputation for customization, 
quality, and reliability. We operate from the state-of-the-art facility in Vasai, Maharashtra, 
certified by an ISO 9001-2015, with an installed capacity of over 10,000 metric tons per annum.  
Our product ranges from coating foils, laminate foil, blister f oil, and pharma foils with a 
thickness of 20 to 40 micron. We have also made a significant investment in advanced machinery 
to support our scale and precision. Taking out the broader view  in this industry, the Indian 
pharma sector is positioned at a very robust long-term growth, with a market expected to grow 
from almost $65 billion in 2024 to $130 billion by 2030.  
This growth is driven by improved healthcare access, the increa sing adoption of generics and 
biosimilar, and rising demand of OTC products and export-focuse d formulation, which will 
continue to propel demand for pharma-grade foils in the domesti c market, where GSM foil is 
strongly positioned. Along this, the Indian packaging sector is  also witnessing a strong 
momentum and is projected to reach almost a USD dollar of $205 billion by 2025 ending.  
Aluminum foils are gaining popularity with this space due to its recyclability and superior barrier 
protection, making them the material of choice for the unit-dos e packing formats, like blister 
packs, which are now widely mandated by global regulatory bodies. Recent policy development 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
further supports the domestic aluminum ecosystem. As a part of its efforts to strengthen the 
sector, the Government of India has recently imposed a five-yea r anti-dumping duty on 
aluminum foil from imports from China and Thailand, aiming to corrupt the low-cost inflow and 
promoting market stability.  
Building on such protective measures, India has now launched it s own vision of Aluminum 
2047, a long-term strategy to drive self-governance and high-gr ade aluminum manufacturing 
and its value-added application. These shifts in trade policies  and supply-chain dynamics help 
likely to benefit domestic players like GSM foil, who are strat egically positioned to meet the 
rising demand for high-quality compliance-grade aluminum packag ing in the pharmaceutical 
phase. 
 Now coming to the numbers of FY26, we have posted a revenue of  almost INR52 crores, 
registering a strong 148%  year-on-year growth. EBITDA came in at INR582.26 lakh, marking 
a robust 171% year-on-year increase from Q1 FY25. Our EBITDA margin improved by 96 bps, 
rising from 10.24% in Q1 FY25 to 11.20% in Q1 FY26. PAT for the quarter stands at INR383.16 
lakh, reflecting a solid 174 year-on-year growth compared to Q1 FY25.  
PAT margin expanded by 72 bps, from 6.65% to 7.37%, underscorin g a strong operating 
leverage which we are now achieving at this scale. These number s validate the strength of our 
business model and execution efficiency of our team. With stead y demand, scalable 
infrastructure and clear focus on margin-accelerated growth, we are confident of sustaining this 
performance throughout FY26.  
Now looking at the roadmap ahead, we are more into product dive rsification and operational 
excellence. We have recently ventured into the trading of alumi num-based foil in Lamitubes, 
with a strategic step to broaden our product portfolio and cater to the existing segment with the 
same pharmaceutical packaging sector that we are.  
A s  a  p a r t  o f  o u r  l o n g - t e r m  v i s i o n ,  w e  a l s o  i n t e n d  t o  e x t e n d  t h e manufacturing facility of 
Lamitubes by the end of this fin ancial year to ensure value add ition and improved margin 
control. These capex align with the goal of creating a backward integration in a value-accelerated 
business that reduces external dependency and strengthens our internal capacity.  
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vishvender Singh from Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Vishvender Singh: I wanted to ask that margins have sort of declined quarter on quarter. Can you share what had 
been the factor behind this decline? How do you expect the FY26  margin profile keeping 
external conditions at par?  
Sagar Bhanushali: Margins are on a growing stage, sir. They haven't declined.  
Vishvender Singh: On quarter, on quarter. Like Q4 versus Q1. Q4 of FY25.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: Q4 of?  
Vishvender Singh: FY25, last quarter. And this time, they have hovered around 11.2% somewhere. And last quarter, 
it was 12.7%. So have there been any one-off charges on that?  
Sagar Bhanushali: So you are talking about Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, right? 
Vishvender Singh: Yes, yes, yes.  
Sagar Bhanushali: Okay. So compared to last year, actually, we had infused a grea t amount of funds, which were 
deployed in the month of January and February. So that was the major reason where we could 
procure maximum orders at that time. This year, these three months, the rate has been increasing. 
The aluminum foil, the rate has been increasing on a very good trend. 
 Like if you are telling about  three months, the exact percenta ge, if I tell you, then the rate of 
aluminum foil has been increased by around 13% to 14%. So in such scenario, we try to restrict 
our sales by 25th or 26th of each month. And we try to bring mo re inventories coming to the 
next month. So that is the reason we have dropped down our sale and increased our inventory.  
So that was a certain reason why the margin would have gotten a  certain rate. But I don't think 
that would be a major rate, a 1% or 2% here or there, keeping i n mind the increasing rates of 
aluminum foil. That's how we max imize margins, keeping the next  quarter in mind. When the 
rate goes high, we try to keep more inventory with us.  
Vishvender Singh: Okay. So what is the internal target that you are having for EB ITDA margin for this financial 
year, sir?  
Sagar Bhanushali: So we are certainly looking at, if you're talking about gross margin, then roughly around 11% to 
12%, which is quite sustainable. We'll try a more 100 to 200 basis points if everything goes well, 
yes. For now, we are quite confident of sustaining 11% to 12%.  
Vishvender Singh: Okay, noted. Another question that I had was, is there any conc rete plan for the capex and 
expansion, like after you have seen the Q1 passing? So have you  formulated what has been the 
expansion and the capex for this year?  
Sagar Bhanushali: There are 2 to 3 capex plans going on currently, which I'll def initely update you by the end of 
this quarter, which one would be finalized. We are looking at the same industry like what we are 
doing currently in the state of Ahmedabad in Gujarat. In the st ate of Gujarat, the city is 
Ahmedabad. So let's see if everything goes well over there, if the market supports us, then we 
are planning an entire same plan that we are currently in Vasai , Mumbai, to be developed over 
there. 
 That's the one capex plan that we are looking at. Second is the  Lamitube. The trading part is 
going really well. We need to deploy more time and manpower to that currently. If that also 
clicks, then definitely a capex of Lamitubes is also in plan. So these are the two major plans that 
we are currently working on, which will be finalized by the end of Q2. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay, noted. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prabal Jain from SM Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Prabal Jain: Yes, sir. Basically, I wanted to understand like your contrac t structure with your end customers 
like your clients. So I think I read, I think in some of the la st calls, you mentioned your 14-15 
pharma clients. So like how does that contract structure work? What are the price escalation 
clauses? Because as you said, aluminum price is shot up 12%-13% this quarter.  
So just want to understand some color on that. How is it struct ured and like what sort of like, 
control we have over negotiating it or like we have minimal thing on that or what? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Okay, sir. So firstly, there are more than 60-65 clients. 14 is the number that is the state that we 
are working on currently in India. We are trying to increase on that number. Secondly, upcoming 
on the contract, so, there is no such contract rule in our industry because the rates changes every 
first. 
 So every first Hindalco issues a letter whet her the rates are g oing up or down. So accordingly, 
the POs have been made. So pharma requires aluminum foil almost  ev ery  d ay  to  pa ck  th e ir 
material. So depending upon the d ifferent products that they ar e running, they send us PO and 
w e  p r i n t  a n d  s e n d  i t  t o  t h e m .  S o  t h e r e  i s  n o  s u ch  c o n t r a c t  k i n d of thing because of the rate 
fluctuation every month. 
 Secondly, the letter is non-negotiable. Once the letter comes in, so and so amount has been 
increased or so and so percentage has been reduced. So the same has been effectively passed on. 
So everything is decided in the first week itself and then it goes on for the entire month. 
Prabal Jain: So from what I understand is basically on the first of the da y, you get the RM cost, aluminum 
cost and then…So on the basis of that, you estimate how much yo u are going to ship for the 
month and you procure your raw material and then essentially, y ou are able to pass it on 
completely because the rate gets renegotiated next month, right? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So inventory management is done throughout the month because yo u can easily track the rate 
whether it's going up or down on the Hindalco website and also in LME and MCX, aluminum 
sector. Positively, sir, in the entire 12-month rate normally g oes up for 10 months or even 11 
months. There is one or two odd months there where the rate normally goes down. 
 So that's how we play with our inventory also. So keeping a go od  i nv en to ry  an d s to pp ing  a  
certain amount of sale of that month, it helps us to achieve more profitability next month because 
the rates get passed on, on the first itself. 
Prabal Jain: Okay. Also, sir, I just wanted to understand like if I am able to deploy sufficient working capital 
and have my fixed assets sorted, so how hard it is for me to replicate your business? Obviously, 
I won't be able to achieve the scale and the top line that you are doing but let's say maybe you 
did INR52 crores, let's say I do INR5 crores this quarter. So how hard it is for me to get started 
on that?  
Sagar Bhanushali: Okay. So firstly, there are no entry barriers. Let me make tha t very clear. Second thing depends 
upon how well do you manage your working capital cycle. That's the basic, the biggest plus 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
point that we have is how well we are managing our working capi tal because you are buying 
everything on advance. You are selling everything on credit. Cr edit goes from 30 days to 60 
days. At time, it goes up to 70 days. 
So every time and again, you need to deploy more funds. Unless and until you are doing more 
scale, you won't be able to match our rate and our credit terms . The only reason why we are 
doing so much compared to our competitors is because of the bet ter credit terms that we are 
providing to our clients and the rate at that we are selling, they are not able to match that. 
It is only achieved because of the scale that we are doing and funds that we have deployed and 
we are able to manage those funds effectively like at least 6 times in the entire year. That cycle 
goes up to 6 to 7 times in the entire year. That is the only re ason we are able to achieve all this 
scale. Once this cycle stops, you will directly see the sales g oing down. Till the time the sales 
are going up, you can assume the cycle is going on effectively. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Abhishek from AB Capital. 
Abhishek: In the last con-call, you had guided for INR190 crores to INR250 crores top line for FY '26. So 
considering the high growth in this quarter, how confident are you of achieving the upper end of 
the guidance? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So like I told you in the last call also, we are quite confiden t to achieve a figure of 190 to 200. 
To be very frank with you, we are aiming at around a top line of around 240 to 260 with two or 
three things in hand by the end of quarter two and beginning of quarter three. If those things also 
got clicks in, then we are quite confident of achieving a turnover on an average of INR250 crores 
this year. 
Abhishek: Okay. The PPT shows the track margins is in this quarter 7.37. Do you think there is further 
scope of increase in the track margin in the subsequent quarters? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, sir. 100 or 200 basis points, we are quite confident of achieving that. So there is some scope 
over there. 
Abhishek: Okay. And what is the capacity utilization now?  
Sagar Bhanushali: Currently, we are working around 65% to 68%. So 30% already we  are undervaluing currently 
and post that if we increase certain spares and like do a nomin al capex of around say INR50 
lakhs to INR60 lakhs, we may more increase our speed of machine by 30%. So on average, if I 
say on a lower end, then at least 40% to 45%, we can do more in  the same premises with the 
same machinery that we have. 
Abhishek: Is that why you are telling that the PAT margins might increase going forward? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. Yes.  
Abhishek: O k a y .   
===== PAGE 8 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: We will increase our capacity and our volume. So obviously, sa les would go up and effectively 
we will be able to run our machines much more. So there are man y few, even I am getting few 
mails and same questions everywhere. Like you are doing so much  turnover with such like 
capacity utilization and such lower number of fixed asset. 
 So I wanted to clear that the fi xed asset that is a gross block  that we are currently at is around 
some INR2 crores or INR3 crores, which is obviously a depreciated value. Maximum machines 
are 3 to 4 years old. We have recently added one machine. And t hese machines last for around 
15 to 20 years. 
 So every time when I do need to just increase the spares in it , like h eat ing cap acity and the 
chilling part, you keep on increasing that, our terms in kilowa tts, like calories, you need to just 
increase that so that I can increase the speed of the machine a nd eventually I will get a more 
output per day compared to what I am doing currently. So the entire game depends on that only. 
Abhishek: Okay. So how much revenue can we reach if 100% capacity utilization happens? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So with more funds coming in, what we are planning our debt and  prep, let's see how it goes. 
Maybe 2 to 3 months down the line, if funds come in, then 6 mon ths down the line, we will be 
able to reach 100% capacity over here. 
Abhishek: No, how much revenue can happen if we do 100% capacity utilization? 
Sagar Bhanushali: If I calculate roughly on a lower end of 40% also, then I am doing 18 currently. So 40% increase 
is almost 7. So 18 plus 7 would roughly around INR24 crores to INR25 crores in this premises, 
monthly?  
Abhishek: INR25 crores monthly. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. Yes.  
Abhishek: If we reach 100% capacity utilization. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. Yes.  
Abhishek: Okay. And you had planned for a preferential allotment of INR10  crores to INR15 crores. So 
what is the -- is it done? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We are like meeting a merchant banker this week. He was also wa iting for the result and the 
future guidance that we have. So we have made all that. We will meet him this week and finalize. 
Abhishek: So the QIP might come -- you are planning for a QIP in the near future? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Sorry, sir. Your voice was not audible. 
Abhishek: So you are planning for a QIP in the near future? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct, yes, in the near future. Yes. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Abhishek: And any plans of further increase in capacity? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Definitely, yes, sir. We will be  done with this premises in lik e 6 to 7 months, I am telling you, 
Post that definitely a capacity expansion here and one capacity  expansion in Ahmedabad in 
Gujarat, we are definitely looking at that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. 
Urmish Shah: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I am new to the company. So if my questions are repetitive, 
please I apologize. 
Sagar Bhanushali: No worries. 
Urmish Shah: Yes. So I just want to know that your segmental bifurcation is  65 to 35 pharma to blister foils. 
Will that continue? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, sir. Like pharma foil, the rate selling price of pharma foil is around INR300 and blister foil 
is around INR400 to INR450. Pharma foil is comparatively cheaper to blister foil. And normally 
in our industry, the bifurcation goes in this way only. So 1% or 2% up and down depending upon 
month to month, but no major change. 
Urmish Shah: Okay. That's great to hear. And your working capital right now  is 71 days, right, if I see in the 
presentation. Will that continue as well? Is that a good…? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We are trying to bring that to around 60 to 65 days. So it won 't go above that.  
Urmish Shah: Okay. And for the Ahmedabad, I mean, plant that you are planni ng, how much debt will you be 
raising?  
Sagar Bhanushali: So firstly would be machinery capex of around INR4 crores to I NR5 crores, then the working 
capital also. So debt of around INR12 crores to INR15 crores we are planning. 
Urmish Shah: Okay. So if you -- that will be -- sorry, please. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes. We already initiated that talks with our bank. So normall y bank take one or two months in 
and out to get it through. 
Urmish Shah: Yes. So that will be within the next one or two years or…?  
Sagar Bhanushali: Should be within six months. We can't wait. 
Urmish Shah: Within six months. Okay. You can't wait. So the ideal debt to equity ratio for your company 
should be around 0.7 -- 0.6, 0.7. Is that a good ratio that you  are looking at, that you will be 
comfortable with that? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. 
Urmish Shah: Okay. And once you know you are going on full scale with your plan, you are saying 100% 
capacity utilization. This is the first time I am hearing a com pany for having 100% capacity 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
utilization as possible. So I just want to know that if you rea lly achieve your numbers that you 
are looking within the next six months or one year course, right? So you said your margins will 
be scalable, right?  
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct.  
Urmish Shah: So any ballpark figure that you can give after you reach that -- I don't know if that question was 
answered, I am sorry? 
Sagar Bhanushali: I won't give you a bigger number, but definitely 100 to 200 ba sis points than what we are 
currently, we will be able to achieve that. And a very reasonable and lower end view I am talking 
about. 
Urmish Shah: Yes, sure. I just need a ballpark figure, nothing more. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Satish, an Individual Investor. 
Satish: I had a small question. I was there in the last con-call as wel l. So you have spoken about the 
food packaging and you had mentioned that because of multiple c ompetition in the particular 
sector, you would not be looking at this and you are pretty much happy with the pharma industry, 
right, sir? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. Yes. 
Satish: So this presentation that has come two days back, okay, I do no t know if I am reading that 
correctly or not. So in your growth page, you have 6 points mentioned there. So one of the points 
is that, okay, development in the food packaging or sector something. So what is that then? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We need to go through that presentation again, but definitely w e are not looking at food grade 
currently, sir. To be very frank with you, we are more than a pharma industry and we are going 
to plan to continue in this only. I will check my team to corre ct that presentation, but food 
packaging we are not into currently and we have no plans in near future to enter that industry. 
Satish: No, I very well remember, and you are very confident with the p harma industry, and we 
appreciate that and you had made this point very loud and clear in the last con-call.  
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. 
Satish: That was my doubt. Thank you so much and great set of numbers on the consistent basis. Thank 
you. Thank you. Good luck. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vishvender Singh from Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Vishvender Singh: Hi, sir. I actually wanted to ask that how do you expect the Lamitube segment contribution this 
year, like if everything goes as planned in Q2 and Q3 cases? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So currently with the trading part that we are doing, it hardl y comprises around 3% to 4%, higher 
and 5% to round it off what we are doing. So I need to deploy m ore team and invest more time 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
in that because what we are doing currently with our own setup,  we are totally like 100% 
deployed in that only. 
So I am not getting that excess time to develop that market more because the setup plan that we 
have, which automatic ally goes converted like 3 or 4 major clie nts, they have diluted their 
business and shifted to us. So to expand that more, I need to d o more marketing that which we 
plan to start from this Diwali. And if the certain desired prof it margin is achieved and we see a 
better scope in backward integration, then definitely by end of  this year, a capex of that would 
be done. 
So if everything goes well, then on a broader view, if I say one year down the line, then definitely 
a revenue of around INR8 crores to INR10 crores can be developed from the Lamitube business 
on a monthly basis. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay. Noted, sir. 
Sagar Bhanushali: But this figure I'm telling you about a year down the line. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay. So like in FY '27. Got it. Yes. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Currently, we are doing around turnover of 1-1.5 per month and  let's suppose this expansion and 
capex, we can aim at a very nominal figure I am telling about INR8 crores to INR10 crores can 
be easily achieved. 
Vishvender Singh: O k a y .  
Sagar Bhanushali: Even Lamitube are very big markets. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay. So like it goes away from pharma industry as well or lik e is it only for pharma? 
Sagar Bhanushali: It's only for pharma only. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay. And like secondly, I wanted to ask that what is the curr ent debt level of the company and 
like what is the target that you have in mind to end with this financial year? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So if we are talking about numbers, then the exact number I will tell you around is INR23 crores 
to INR24 crores debt from DBH Bank and Tata Capital. These two banks, and one bank and one 
NBFC, we are working with them. We are planning a more debt of around INR10 crores to 
INR12 crores in this year. 
Vishvender Singh: Okay. Noted. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Jham, a n Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Jham: Congratulations on great set of numbers. So first question is r egarding is there any plan or is 
there any plan to implement any formal hedging or inventory procurement strategy as aluminium 
price… 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: Sir, your voice is not audible, sir. Sorry. Can you come again? 
Mayank Jham: Yes. Just give me a second. Am I audible now? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, sir. Much better. 
Mayank Jham: Yes. So question was, is there any plan to implement any formal hedg ing or inventory 
procurement strategy as the aluminum prices are quite volatile? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So there is no such hedging strategy. Like I told you, once you  reach 15th or 16th of every 
month, you get a rough idea it's going to go up or down. And lo oking at the industry trend and 
like even the basic knowledge of any commodity, like one would know the commodity, once it 
goes up, it never goes down. If you see an average rate of 12 months, like there is hardly a month 
where the aluminum prices would go down. 
On an average, it's on an increasing trend only, maybe a percent, 2% or even 0.5%, but it's going 
to go up only. So by 15th or 16th, we decide normally where to stop our sales and where to 
increase our purchases. That's how we manage our inventory. 
Mayank Jham: Okay. Thanks. And the second question is, could you share how c oncentrated your revenue is 
across the top 10 customers that you have? And what percentage is recurring business and versus 
the new orders in this quarter? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So we have more than like 65 to 70 clients and none of them comprises of more than 3% to 4%. 
Like the spread is evenly among all. So even a bad month for one or two of a client doesn't affect 
us and we have given them a suitable limit where we are working  with each of them. So each 
client has been given a limit, maybe say INR1 crore, INR2 crore s or INR3 crores, depending 
upon their setup and their credibility. 
So it is uniformly based. So we don't majorly depend upon one o r two or three or four clients 
like that. We have uniform spread between all these clients and  there is 100% repeated orders 
and business with them because even though they need more credi t to survive. So they are 
working on this money only. So it goes on rotation. It keeps on . That is how business normally 
works here in SMEs. We keep giving them credit. So they keep giving you orders, it's like that. 
Mayank Jham: Okay. And lastly, what's the timeline to finalize the LDPE plant acquisition that you talked about 
in the last con call? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So LDPE is in the last thought, so currently, we are not lookin g at LDPE. We are not getting 
that much profitability from the LDPE plant that we are looking  at. The two major prominent 
things that we are looking at currently is a 100% capex of the same plant that we are in Vasai to 
develop in Ahmedabad. The same setup that we are currently oper ating to develop the same 
setup like this in the Ahmedabad city. Second is about Lamitube. 
So these are the two prominent things that we are looking, whic h we may finalize by end of 
quarter two or higher end quarte r three. LDPE plant is in the l ast course. So currently, we are 
not looking at that. We are getting LDPE, like we are buying them at a very low rate. It does not 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
make sense to like deploy funds over there and do the entire manufacturing part. We are already 
procuring that at a very low rate from the market. 
Mayank Jham: Sure, makes sense. And lastly, do we already have the anchor clients commented for the offtake 
of the Lamitube capex that we are planning? 
Sagar Bhanushali: I told you like, with whom we are doing this pharma and blister work, they only need Lamitube. 
Like, we don't need to find new houses. With the pharma that we  a r e  c a t e r i n g ,  t h e y  r e q u i r e  
Lamitubes. They require aluminum foils. They require PVC carton s, so leaflets. So like I told 
you to make one medicine… 
Mayank Jham: So have you started to do the sampling and stuff with them? Because we are already trading, so 
you must be doing the sampling and the stuff with them in the existing clients. 
Sagar Bhanushali: The sampling part was done in the last month only. This month, so full-fledged orders are also 
started with them. 
Mayank Jham: Okay. Okay. Makes sense. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauha n, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: So with regards to growth, we are targeting around INR240 cror es to INR260 crores in this fiscal 
year. So is it based on new client acquisitions or existing cli ents have given you some 
indications? So I would like to know how confident and what should be the range? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So new client acquisition we are doing, but we are not doing th at more rapidly like, rapidly or 
confidently because the set of clients that we have currently, we are working with maximum of 
them with their 50% to 60% capacity only. Like, they have more orders in hand. They want to 
work with us. 
 Like, they want us to give them more credit limits. So like I t old you, we have an equal spread 
among all of them. So like if I say I've given a set of client a INR100 lakhs, INR1 crore limit or 
certain INR2 crores limit, so they already have an order of INR4 crores to INR5 crores. They're 
working with us with their 50% to 60% capacity only. 
So if we have any plan to increase our production and increase our turnover, we don't need to 
find new places or new homes. We already have these old clients  with us, which we are quite 
confident, like they are genuine and money-safe with them. So we'll first approach them only to 
increase their orders. And this is how we'll help to increase our turnover. 
The new client definitely we're looking at, geographically-wise, but not that rapidly vis-a-vis our 
existing client. We want to increase their turnover with them only first. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: Right. So with regards to this current client giving you more orders, how long can it continue? 
For example, let's say next 2, 3 years or at what point do we h ave to be more aggressive for 
growth to look towards newer clients 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: So with the market growing at this pace, so we are not quite wo rried, like how long would it 
grow? Because one thing is the import has been totally shut for  5 years. So all the pharma 
industry in India needs to buy from India only. Secondly, there  is no alternative to aluminium. 
Like you need aluminium only. So there's no alternative for packaging, being a direct packaging 
to pharma industry. 
Like once medicine can be made without leaflet or cartons or other thing, it can't be made without 
aluminium foil. And you must be knowing the pharma thing is gro wing very fast in India. And 
5 years, 6 years down the line, there's great chances the pharma industry might double. 
So we are not quite worried how long would the orders come in o r what numbers would come 
in. With the flow, we are quite confident it will increase. So there is no practical thing to be 
worried about that currently. And all the factors are positively impacting, this may increase only. 
So we are not thinking in that direction currently. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: Right. And then in terms of exports, do we have any exports? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Directly no, sir. With directly export, we are not into any of them. But indirectly, our 50% to 
55% goes export only. Like major export from India goes to all this Nigeria, Ghana, African 
countries, like India's major exporters of pharma medicines in those countries only. 
 These countries are the hub of pharma industry. From there, it goes to the entire world, Russia, 
US and everywhere. So maximum of our product goes to in all this country, but not directly via 
certain export houses or via some pharma industries and like that. Currently, we are not looking 
at direct export. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: Right. But in terms of the global market share of aluminium fo il having China would be 
dominant, right? 
Sagar Bhanushali: They are dominant. But then again, there are many sanctions on China imposed by India, by 
Thailand, by US, by Russia. So the world is not happy currently to buy from China. Post China, 
the maximum market share of aluminium comes from India only. So that's a blessing in disguise 
for our country and for players like us. So definitely. 
And with Prime Minister visiting all this country and doing all these trade practices like recently 
he visited Nigeria, Ghana and everything, we reduced the drawba ck to a very great exchange. 
So we are getting a very good inquiry from all these countries. So export wise, great opportunity. 
Let's see how it goes. Directly, we won't comment. We'll start directly in near future, but 
indirectly, we're exporting a very good amount. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: All right. And lastly, in terms of next 3 to 5 years, what is our strategy? You're obviously given 
some near term plans, but maybe 3 to 5 years, what can we look forward to? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Just to be frank, we haven't thought about 5 years. We are more worried like 6 months down the 
line, once we achieve a capacity utilization of near about 100%, we are looking for a more same 
structure, like us in our near vicinity and in Ahmedabad. So we normally don't think sir. 5 years 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
down the line. Being a very small SME business, we don't struct ure that 3 or 5 years down the 
line. 
 It's like how you deal with your daily problems and how effectively you manage your funds. We 
are more concerned about that. But we are definitely talking ab out growth plan for 1, 1.5 year 
down the line. Then 100% capex in the same premises and the sam e structure like us in Vasai 
and in Ahmedabad. We are quite confident of achieving that. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: Great, sir. Thanks for answering all these questions and all t he best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from AB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: Hello. Yes, I just wanted to understand like how common is pay ment default in your industry? 
Like have you ever faced any payment default from your client? 
Sagar Bhanushali: No, sir. There are zero bad debts in the last 5 years that I'm working in this industry. There are 
ifs and buts like payment normal ly get delays like from 60 to 7 0, 75 days, but there are no 
payment default in pharma industry, sir. 
Abhishek:  Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrikant Bandaru, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Shrikant Bandaru: Yes. Hi. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Congrats to  the entire team. Phenomenal 
results. I wanted to know what is the competitive advantage of the company and what's the 
competitive intensity in the industry? I mean, you've spoken ab out the market growing very 
rapidly, but what holds our company in good stead when we compa re ourselves to the 
competition? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So it's the scalability, the volume. That's the only thing. Lik e how better credit terms you offer 
your clients and how better pricing you offer to them. Both can  be achieved only with more 
funds in hand. And how well are you able to manage those funds?  Like how well are you able 
to churn that cycle? 
 Because once the cycle gets stuck, you'll see your sales figure going down and you won't be able 
to buy new material. But the only sole reason behind this thing is you have to buy everything on 
advance and you have to sell everything on credit. So this is a big challenge in our industry. 
Shrikant Bandaru: So working capital management is something that... 
Sagar Bhanushali: 100%, sir. 100%. 
Shrikant Bandaru:  And in terms of scaling up, I mean, do we need to kind of grow rapidly at a 40%, 50% year-on-
year for the next 5, 6 years to maintain this scale advantage? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: No, sir. It's not like that. But with more work coming in, if y ou are confident, like there are no 
bad debts or delayed payments, like in our case, like I told yo u on the last call also, like we are 
not worried about taking more debts currently. 
 Everyone is like, why should we take additional loan. Like we a re quite confident we are able 
to turn our working cycle well. There are no bad debts and people that we are working, we have 
a very good relation with them. So there is no such major threat or challenge that we are looking 
at currently. 
Shrikant Bandaru:  And as you are growing so rapidly in terms of your management b andwidth, do you have a 
sufficient amount of that to kind of grow 2X, 3X, 4X from now? 
Sagar Bhanushali:  Yes, yes, sir. Definitely. We are a very strong team. And not  on a higher level, but on a lower 
level, we are adding a few peoples also so that the day to day operation in the manufacturing 
part, the factory, it runs smoothly. And we are quite confident  of our teams. They have an 
experience of more than 25 to 30 years. Like all the major oper ators and the managers that we 
have, they have a huge amount of experience in our industry. 
Shrikant Bandaru:  Okay. And my final question is, what would be the key risks for  you over the next 1-2 years? 
Like what worries you in terms of achieving all these targets that you set for yourself? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So the only major risk factor is like, I told you, the plus point is we are able to manage working 
capital well. So vis-a-vis the risk is also that once we are not able to manage that well, you will 
see a sales figure going down. You will see a tremendous rise i n our debtors days. Debtors 
figures will go up. Inventories would go down. 
Effectively, the cycle would slow down. We won't be able to buy more material. And eventually, 
sales would go down. So that is your benefit. And eventually, that is your risk also. So the entire 
game depends upon how well you churn your fund. Like if you're doing it 5x to 6x in the entire 
year, you're doing it really well. You're doing 6x to 7x, then you're doing excellent. But once 
you're able to do that like 3x to 4x, then definitely there's a  risk in your industry, in your 
company. 
Shrikant Bandaru:  Okay. Okay. I understood. Thank you so much. And again, very happy to be a shareholder of 
yours. Thank you so much.  
Sagar Bhanushali: Thank you, sir. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihar Jhande, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihar Jhande:  Hi, sir. Good evening. Any kind of market share data you have l ike in the markets you operate 
or like any kind of data? 
Sagar Bhanushali:  No, sir. We don't normally get into all these data and number s. It's a very huge market, sir. 
Globally and India is a very huge market. What we are doing is we are doing basically more into 
Maharashtra and certain portion of Gujarat only. So we are not into all those numbers currently. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
But we know, sir, we are hardly any percentage of that. There i s very huge demand and huge 
market lying ahead. Let's see how far we can go. 
Nihar Jhande: Okay. Okay. And I know that you mentioned that the scale is the main advantage in this business. 
But still, I wanted to ask any unorganized players are also there in this industry, small suppliers 
like you? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, there are small suppliers, sir. There are many small supp liers. Like I told you, there is no 
such entry barriers kind of thing. The small supplier, obviousl y, there are. But then they are 
doing what the turnover is very less. Like there are two, one o r two listed player also. The 
turnover that they are doing, lik e they are quite cont ent with that. And that is also very less 
amount compared to what we are doing. 
Nihar Jhande: Okay. Okay. So you're likely to gain market share due to your scale? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. Yes. 
Nihar Jhande: Okay. 
Sagar Bhanushali: So business relation and relation with a client and owner to owner, that shootings that we do. So 
even that forms a part. But I won't say that majorly depends on  that. But yes, 30%-40% even 
business relationship also help. The other part is, sir, how we ll do you are able to supply your 
material and how better credit terms you are giving them? 
Nihar Jhande: Yes. Yes. So basically, like, can we assume the, because of the  scale, as your scale increases, 
you are likely to drive out the small players? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We don't intend to drive out anyone. It's a very huge market. But definitely, yes, we are able to 
give them a better pricing compared to them. This is what I wou ld say. We never thought of 
driving anyone out or like taking someone else's share. But yes, the work comes in from ahead. 
We never say no to it. Let's see how it goes. We take it. We ar e sure about the client, and we 
know the money goes nowhere. We'll get that money back in 60 days and we are definitely going 
ahead with that work. 
Nihar Jhande:  Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Y e s .  
Moderator:  Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participa nts. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sagar Bhanushali for closing comments. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes. So really, thank you all. It was nice talking to you. Thank you for joining us today for this 
earning call. We hope we are able to address all your questions  a n d  p r o v i d e  c l a r i t y  o n  o u r  
performance and future outlook. If there's any further queries, please let us know. We'll be more 
than happy to help you. Please reach out to our investor relati onship advisory, X-B4 Advisory. 
We appreciate your continued interest and support. Thank you once again. Take care. Yes. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of GSM Foil s Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 