
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
GSM	FOILS	LIMITED	
CIN: L43303MH2023PLC405459 
REGISTERED	 OFFICE: GALA NO 06/106/206/306, SAPPHIRE BUILDING, DIAMOND INDUSTRIAL 
ESTATE, VASAI (E), PALGHAR - 401208, MAHARASHTRA 
PHONE	NO.:  +91 91 84689 68102 
EMAIL	ID: info@gsmfoils.com		 	 	 	 WEBSITE: www.gsmfoils.com 
  
 April 27, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra, 
Mumbai-400051, Maharashtra 
 
Scrip Code: GSMFOILS 
 
Sub: Outcome of Q4-FY26 Earnings Conference Call - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated April 15, 20 26 related to the Earnings Conference call and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities an d Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI-LODR”), we would like to inform that 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Wednesday, April 22, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. 
IST, is attached herewith. 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you 
For GSM FOILS LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
SAGAR BHANUSHALI 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DIN: 09126902 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“GSM Foils Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT:  M R. SAGAR GIRISH BHANUSHALI – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GSM 
FOILS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. AAGAM SHAH – X-B4 ADVISORY LLP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY26 Earn ings Conference Call of 
GSM Foils Limited, hosted by X-B4 Advisory LLP. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for yo u to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aagam Shah from X-B4 Advi sory LLP. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Aagam Shah: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Q4 FY26 Ea rnings Conference Call of 
GSM Foils Limited. Today on this call, we have with us Mr. Saga r Girish Bhanushali, who is 
the Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of GSM Foils Limited. 
 This conference call may contain some forward-looking statemen ts about the company, which 
are based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. A ctual results may differ. The 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve  risks and uncertainties. With 
this, I now hand over the call to Mr. Sagar for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on Q4 FY26 Ear nings Calls of GSM Foils 
Limited. I hope all of you have got a good opportunity to look through our financial results and 
investor presentation which were uploaded on the stock exchange  and also on the company 
website. During Q4 FY26, the ongoing war between Iran, Israel, and US emerged as a key macro 
development impacting global supply chain. 
 Disruption led to critical trade routes which in all the metals , specifically aluminium, resulting 
into a tremendous increase in the prices. It has impacted the a vailability and the pricing of all 
other petrochemical derivatives and intermediates which are used in pharmaceutical packaging. 
However, this situation also created a relatively advantage for  Indian manufacturers as global 
companies are increasingly diversifying source away from the co nflicted area and region and 
seek stable and compliant supply partners.. 
 India's strong manufacturing base, improving self-reliance ini tiative and policy support of 
domestic capacity expansion has enabled it position for a relia ble alternative in global supply 
chain. Consequently, the near-term cost pressure persist, India n players across the 
pharmaceutical and packaging ecosystem are witnessing increment al opportunities in export 
markets and other global vendor consolidation.  
 Domestic pharmaceutical packaging continued to witness a stead y growth. India remains a major 
global supplier of generic medicines, specifically in regulated  markets such as US and Europe, 
which in turns drive high demands quality, compliance oriented and primary packaging material 
including our aluminium blister and strip foil. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 An update on our expansion initiative of Ahmedabad manufacturi ng facility, it is ramping up 
really well and now is operating  at an improved utilization lev el. The facility continues to 
support our growth and expanding our pharmaceutical customer ba se, particularly across 
western and northern region while also catering to incremental requirement from our existing 
clients.  
 Going ahead, we remain focused on further scaling of this faci lity and aim to achieve an optimal 
utilization level at the end of next financial year, thereby en hancing overall operational 
efficiency and supporting future growth. As discussed earlier, our growth strategy continues to 
focus on diversification and strong operational execution. During the quarter, we continued our 
strengthen our market presence and deepen our engagement with our customers.  
 Now talking about the numbers and performance in Q4, during Q4  FY26, the company delivered 
a strong performance reporting a revenue of INR8,168.9 lakhs, r eflecting a robust 79.1% year-
on-year growth. EBITDA stood at INR943.0 lakhs, registering a solid 62.5% increase compared 
to the same of last quarter. However, EBITDA margin moderated by 120 basis points to 11.5% 
from 12.7% in Q4 financial year. The profit after tax for the quarter was INR627.9 lakhs, up by 
83.6% year-on-year while PAT margin improved by 20 basis points  to 7.7%, highlighting 
continued operating leverage despite some margin pressure at EBITDA level.  
 For FY26, the company reported a revenue of INR25,815.4 lakhs,  marking a strong 92.9% year-
on-year growth. EBITDA stood at around INR2,978.3 lakhs, reflec ting a significant 95.9% 
increase over FY25. PAT margin expanded by 50 basis points to 7.7%, underscoring company's 
sustained focus on operational efficiency, scale benefit and disciplined execution. Which strong 
financial performance reflect the resilience of the company mod el and disciplined execution, 
supported by healthy demand, scalable operation and continued focus on profitable growth. With 
that, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer  session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: Thank you very much, sir for this opportunity. Sir, just wante d to understand first up this 
Ahmedabad plant, you are expecting optimum utilization by FY '2 7 end right? So, what is our 
current utilization level? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We have reached almost 25% to 30% over there. 
Deepak Poddar: So currently we are at 25% to 30% and what would be this plant , I think it is 10,000 metric tons, 
right? So 10,000 metric ton, what would be its revenue potential on an annual basis? 
Sagar Bhanushali: If you look at an average basis price then on an average, on a  monthly basis I can comment you 
once it reaches optimal capacity, on a monthly run rate it woul d give me around INR30 crores 
to INR35 crores per month. 
Deepak Poddar: Only this plant, right? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Only the Ahmedabad plant, yes. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Deepak Poddar: And Vasai plant is about what, INR20 crores per month? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Vasai has already reached around INR25 crores to INR28 crores,  still there is 10% more capacity 
left in that. And with few here and there spares and addition, we can increase it up to 20%, so 
more around INR6 to INR7 crores revenue can be pulled from the Vasai plant. 
Deepak Poddar: INR6 crores to INR7 crores more. So currently Vasai we are doi ng INR25 crores to INR28 
crores and INR6 crores to INR7 crores we can do more. And Ahmedabad monthly can be INR30 
crores, INR35 crores. 
Sagar Bhanushali: 100%. Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Understood. So, I mean by March '27, I mean if we have to see,  so ideally your monthly run rate 
can reach INR60 crores, would that be the plan? 
Sagar Bhanushali: That is the plan, yes. That is the vision that we are taking f orward currently. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Understood. And in March '26, I think we did about INR29  crores, right? So how much 
was from Ahmedabad plant? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Around INR5, INR5.5, INR5 and a half. 
Deepak Poddar: INR5, INR5.5 was from Ahmedabad. Okay. Understood. And on the commodity cycle, how 
should one look at? I mean given the you mentioned near-term co st pressure persist and all. So 
how should one look at it? 
Sagar Bhanushali: The rate increase like every day, aluminium LME and even the M CX is almost on an all-time 
high. So other than aluminium, there are many other products li ke all the chemicals and all the 
petrochemicals that we use, like ethyl acetate, everything, eve n they have become extremely 
expensive these days. So that in the month of March we faced a little bit pressure over that, but 
eventually it was passed on. But let's see how far this it goes and it has to settle over the period 
of time, but I don't know how long would it take for the situation to normalize now. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So, FY '27 what sort of margins one should look at then?  I mean given the scenario. 
Sagar Bhanushali: If you are asking any commitment, then definitely we will try to sustain the current level if not 
increase, but sustenance at current level is then definitely be looked at. 
Deepak Poddar: Sustain the current level as in around 11.5% type? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Y e s .  
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Understood. And just last couple of things from my side.  Why our receivables have 
become so high? 
Sagar Bhanushali: During the month of March specifically, majority of the pharma  companies, their funds got stuck 
because of few LCs or export payment or dollar payment because all these conflicts going on, 
the rates and all. So they had a special request from us if you  can manage this thing now. Then 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
we actually we tried our level best to pull it down, but to mai ntain that relation and looking at 
the market scenario, even we had to let go for them. 
 But then a good chunk of amount has already received in first 10 to 15 days of April month. So 
things are now quite normal now. And on top of that, we got a debt facility from ICICI Bank of 
around INR15 crores during that phase. So, cash flow was manage d well with this new funds 
coming in now, so we were able to procure more from the purchase part to because the rate was 
going almost around 8% to 10% plus in this month which eventually went, the aluminium prices 
went up by around INR50, which is equivalent to 10%. 
 So, we had a good inventory level in the month end. The receiv able part was slightly off, but 
then things are very well managed as on date where we are sitting on 20th April, majority of the 
chunk like around INR30 crores, INR40 crores of that has alread y been received. So that's not 
an issue. But as on that day, the current market scenario was s uch that we had to give some 
liberty to our clients, so that was a challenge that time, but with new funds coming in, everything 
went well. 
Deepak Poddar: This INR94 crores around INR30 crores, INR40 crores have alrea dy been received? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. 
Deepak Poddar: And so what is the normalized receivables or normalized workin g capital cycle we should look 
at? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Normally it is 60 to 70 days. Looking at this market scenario now, 60 to 70 days is normal in 
pharma sectors these days now. 
Deepak Poddar: Receivables you are saying or overall working capital? 
Sagar Bhanushali: The receivables, which is equivalent to almost INR60, INR65 al most INR60 crores to INR70 
crores. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Understood. That would be it from my side. I would like to wish you all the very best. 
Thank you so much. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sub hanu Bangal from 3 Head Capital. 
Subhanu Bangal: Thank you. Sir, as you mentioned we see some cost pressure due  to raw material increase. You 
already passed on everything. But in this time, we see many com petitor pass on something and 
they win the order. Do you see some voluminous increase in this segment? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, sir definitely there are challenges because the cost pres sure increase from all the things that 
we look, the conversion part and the bare foil. That aluminium price is also increasing, even the 
chemicals are increasing. So somewhere or the other we need to pass on, somewhere we need to 
absorb, but it eventually settles in the volume that we do.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Obviously there is competitive pressure, the pharma demanding low prices, but then somewhere 
someone has to absorb, sir. It's not like that only we are increasing, everyone is increasing. The 
entire market knows the prices are going up and no one has the certainty when it will go down.  
Even if we are sure that next month is going to go down then we may start absorbing it currently, 
but then I don't think so this is the new normal these days. The aluminium would be at this range 
only and the chemicals would be at this range only. So everyone  more or less is ready. 5% or 
10% here and there the orders shifts from here to there, but ma inly it doesn't affect the overall 
efficiency of the company. 
Subhanu Bangal: But big player always focus on cheap product. Yes, they focus quality, but if our competitor give 
them very low price or pass on little bit, but they will definitely go for them, go with them? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, but then for how long, sir? For a day or two, for a max m onth. Post that they can't do, sir. 
Even they know that. 
Subhanu Bangal: G o t  i t .  
Sagar Bhanushali: That is the thing, over the period of time the volume that we are doing now, these things 
stabilizes. If it starts going down then definitely we will sta rt also reducing our prices, but this 
thing is going up almost every day. 
Subhanu Bangal: Yes. Sir, my next question on employee cost. If I see our empl oyee cost year-on-year reduce 
something, but quarter-on-quarter increase, but what happened last Q4? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Quarter-on-quarter is increasing because of the Ahmedabad plan t in Q4. 
Subhanu Bangal: Yes, but last Q4 FY25 we see INR10 crores employee cost. What happened last Q4? 
Sagar Bhanushali: What happened sorry the last quarter? 
Subhanu Bangal: Last year Q4. 
Sagar Bhanushali: So this year the employee cost naturally increased because of the aluminium Ahmedabad plant 
coming in. So during in the month of Feb and March now, many ne w employees and team was 
recruited over there because we were trying to ramp up that facility. 
Subhanu Bangal: No, sir. But last year Q4 I see our employee cost almost INR10 .8 crores, but this year only 
INR6.9 crores something? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Then give me some time, sir and definitely I have to look at t hat. Maybe the salary part of all 
the directors this year we haven't taken that much. The exact bifurcation just give me few times, 
I will check and get back to you on this thing. 
Subhanu Bangal: Okay. And our target is INR60 crores per month revenue? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you in between Subhanu. I would request you to kindly re-join the queue again 
for more questions. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Subhanu Bangal: Okay, sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abh i Jain from AJ Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhi Jain: Good morning, sir. Sir, I am new to the company, so I just wan t to understand some basics about 
the company and also certain competitive advantages that you ma y have which you might be 
able to describe. I understand that this Ahmedabad capacity that is coming in and will go online 
and at optimal capacity, it gives you the guidance and some runway into FY27.  
But from business perspective, I want to understand more about what is the sustainable growth. 
So once this capacity goes to full utilization, then you need t o find additional capacity. I mean, 
I just want to understand what competitive advantages do you have for a -- for a medium to long-
term perspective and want to understand how much of the growth sustainable and at what level?  
Where do you see like FY29, FY30, where do you see your revenue s going to? What do you 
think the capacity that you will be operating in? And especially what gives you the advantage in 
this, foil sector, which helps you -- give you that confidence that your growth will be above 
industry? So just some flavor around that? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Okay. Specifically we are talk ing about the competitive edge, sir, then this thing I am talking to 
everyone from day one, the competitive edge in this line is how  well do you manage your 
working capital and how well your relationship are with your al l the clients, sir. So there is no 
other specific like this is very basic business, sir. 
This is packaging business to pharma industry. So it does not i nvolve any specialized business 
like solar or EPS or anything like that. So basically it's a ba sic pharma packaging business. So 
let me be very clear on this thing. The only competitive edge t hat we have is that volume that 
we are doing. So we are more cost effective compared to our competitors. 
Secondly, with more funds of this rights issue and bank ODs, we are able to provide more credit 
to our clients. So these days clients need credit. Unless credi t one is at a lower cost. Indian 
pharma industry needs these two things only. If you are able to cater them this well and you are 
able to churn your cycle within 60, 70 days, then you are doing  really good. That is the only 
thing you need to do in this business, sir. 
There are many other player doing in this thing, but somewhere or the other they face cash 
crunch, sir. It's very tough to get money from the client, sir. It's very easy to sell, it's very tough 
to get that money back and put it into your business and then c hurn it again really fast. So this 
is what we are doing it very efficiently. 
We have very good relation with all our clients, with this new clients also that we are pitching, 
we are very much conservative, we are looking at each and every prospectus before giving them 
credit in Ahmedabad also. So that the credit doesn't go in wron g hands, sir. Because once the 
money gets stuck in debtors, it's become very tough to do opera tion in this thing because you 
don't get credit from our creditor, sir. Because of the name th at we have in the market we are 
getting hardly credits of around 30, 40 days. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
But for new players or other small players, they need to pay in  advance. So it's like they pay in 
advance and sell at 60, 70 days, which become very tough to man age that working capital. We 
are talking about competitive edge, and this is the competitive edge that we are taking forward. 
Looking at the growth part of financial year '28, '29 then let me be very frank, sir we don't look 
at that much at this point of time, sir. We are talking about 1-year, currently at optimum capacity, 
we are commenting that we are in INR60 crores per month. But on a very realistic and like what 
do I say, even if we do a very like mediocre or average busines s in this year now, then also our 
topline for the entire year would be around INR400 crores to INR450 crores, sir. 
Last year we closed around I guess 250 or 260. Even if we don't  do a very aggressive business 
or do the basic thing right what we are doing, we will reach ou r topline around INR400 crores 
to INR450 crores. We are quite confident on that part. 
Abhi Jain: That helps, sir. So just a follow-up on that. Obviously, becau se your suppliers are big players, 
the end consumer are these big pharma companies. So I understand that the margin fee is always 
there, the credit crunch is always there and it's a difficult spot to be in, but obviously it's a sweet 
spot also because not many players would be existing in this mi ddle space? I just want to 
understand that what are the basic risks or threats that you ar e constantly working against? If 
you can just highlight some part of the risks that is being done? 
Sagar Bhanushali: So the only risk that I told you is if you are not able to man age your working capital well, sir. 
That is the only risk. There is no other risk in this business. And also if we are talking about the 
worst part scenario, then sir, in the pharma industry, money doesn't sink. It comes late. 
You get few pharma, they will pay you in like 120 days or 150 d ays. That is the only risk, sir. 
There is no other risk in this thing. In that scenario, you need to add more money in the business 
to buy more material and run the show. As simple as that. So th ere is no other risk as such in 
this business. 
Abhi Jain: Just final question, sir. That obviously because you mentioned  in constant need of capital and I 
am sure, that is the way to go out. But any more equity dilution on the horizon in the next 12 to 
18 months because that is also the costliest cost of capital. So, I mean, I know that you need this, 
you need credit, you need money. But do you see immediate plans of more equity dilution going 
forward? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Currently we haven't thought of that, sir. 
Abhi Jain: Okay. Right. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dars hil Jhaveri of Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri Hello. Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for taking my ques tion. Firstly, congratulations 
on a great set of results, sir. I just wanted to know, like you have given a very clear roadmap for 
the next two years. But in terms of our capacity getting fully utilized by March 27, so are we 
planning any capex because by FY28 we will be running at full capacity, right? Like we will not 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
have any capacity left for us. So for that, will we need to plan something in advance or what are 
your views about that? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Sir, things are going on. Meaning they are not fully concentra ted here for me to comment, but 
definitely we are planning, sir. We won't be stuck at this leve l also. With like a quarter or two 
we may come up with a very good announcement of capex also, but  currently things are under 
plan. That's what I will tell you. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. But would it be more towards the backward integration, f orward integration or...? 
Sagar Bhanushali: No, sir. We are looking at forward integration only, sir. We a re not looking at backward 
integration currently. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And like you were explaining, like I think our Ahmedabad capex was 
around INR5 crores to INR6 crores and from that only I think in the first step we will be able to 
recover all our cost of capital. So is it that that everyone ca n set up, like I understand you said 
relation matters and getting the working capital matters, but isn't this a very low barrier to enter 
industry, like how do you...? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Exactly, you are telling me there is no entry barrier in this thing. To get entry in this thing is 
really easy, but to exit is really tough. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. Fair enough. So the whole point is that working ca pital is the biggest moat that you 
all have, you all are able to manage that, right? 
Sagar Bhanushali: 100%. Yes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: So what is if you can disclose, what is something that you do differently than other players 
because I am sure working capital, relations everyone will have  good. So working capital how 
are we being stringent or how are we ensuring? Like do we ask b ank guarantees or what? How 
do we optimize? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Now you are asking me our business secrets, sir. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes, sir. No, fair enough. No issue. And sir, that and with th e increase in like our, you know, 
turnover, like I think with 50% to 60% growth. So how much more debt we want to take up, sir? 
Like because we just took, I think ICICI Bank. So how much more…? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Currently we are stable now. Let's see a quarter or two what t he scenario goes. Also this war-
like situation how far the aluminium prices go up, because the aluminium is running almost 
every day. Next year also we are expecting a increase around 5% to 7%. So let things settle first. 
Being aggressive in this type of uncertain market is really tou gh. So let things settle first. Let's 
wait for a quarter or two, then we will look at something major. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough. And I just wanted to understand like from r ight now in FY27, like our growth 
will be quarter-on-quarter only, right? Like right now I think we did INR80 crores in Q4, so now 
as Ahmedabad comes in, every quarter on quarter uptick in the revenue or how would it move? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: Definitely, sir. If the aluminium volatility stops, now if we are like this month we are facing few 
challenges of material availability also, but eventually it set tles out like within a week or 10 
days. If the situation goes completely normal like what we were  expecting a month back, then 
definitely quarter-on-quarter with Ahmedabad plant more ramping  up the capacity, it would 
remain same or it would increase. So this is what we are working at currently. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, so there is no issue in ramping up. It's just that somet imes procurement becomes like a bit 
of a...? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. On a global level, sir, there is lot of shortage of a luminium right now. So currently it's 
all good, but you never know what may come up tomorrow. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Fair enough. And our suppliers are diversified, like we have I ndian imported? Like I don't know 
the aluminium industry, so just asking…? 
Sagar Bhanushali: There are many players. The whole and sole is Hindalco only, b ut there are many rolling mills 
in India. We buy from almost everyone now. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. So we have decent diversification? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, yes. 100%. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Harshit Khadka  from RoboCapital. 
Harshit Khadka: Yes, sir. So my question is in the previous question or previo us to that question, you said that 
there are no entry barriers as such and aluminium prices are rising. And so the advantage for you 
-- the competitive advantage for you is working capital. And the volume that you do -- that gives 
you cost effectiveness. So the raw material prices are rising, working capital you have to, give 
credit to the customers. So how exactly are we able to pass on the margins or, increase our 
prices? 
Sagar Bhanushali: As on date, since last few days it's becoming tough, but then eventually it will settle. Because 
what happens sometimes is someone has stock and gives it cheap and takes the order. But then 
it would last hardly for 10-15 days. Post that pharma needs to accept this thing because in this 
industry every month a letter comes from Hindalco so this thing is going to increase or this thing 
is going to decrease. So this industry works from that only. 
 So there is a rate revision every month on the first or the sec ond of each month. So whatever 
passes on is passed on, whatever has been reduced has been take n back. So this industry works 
in this only. So it's not that tough to pass on, but in this ma rket scenario where everything is 
increasing and somewhere or the other even we need to absorb certain thing and pass on certain 
thing. But eventually with the volume that we are doing, it will settle out. 
Harshit Khadka: So your contracts are for what tenure exactly? 
Sagar Bhanushali: There are no specific contracts in our business. It depends up on PO to PO because every month 
the rate changes. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Harshit Khadka: Right. So you give a new rate every month to the customer, the  pharma companies? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. 
Harshit Khadka: Understood. And that we have to do the incremental sales of le t's say 200-odd crores because 
you said, even if we do a normal year, it would be 400 to 450 odd crores of topline? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct. 
Harshit Khadka: So what exactly will be your selling strategy? Is it double do wn on your topline except for the 
capacity expansion of  Ahmedabad plant, sir? 
Sagar Bhanushali: We will ramp up the Ahmedabad pl ant. So there is huge market o ver there in Gujarat, Indore, 
MP, even in the northern part. So just be very careful with all  the credit, all the debtors that we 
are working with and slowly, slowly ramp up over there. 
Harshit Khadka: So are you going to sell it to yo ur existing customers or you are going to find new customers? 
Sagar Bhanushali: First, focus would be existing only, sir. But post certain tim e even we need to enter new clients 
also. 
Harshit Khadka: Right, understood. And, given the current scenario, I know it is very tough, but in H1 what 
margins can we expect? Would it be lower than the current ones? 
Sagar Bhanushali: As on date, I won't be able to comment on that because the mar ket is really uncertain. Even you 
know that thing. 
Harshit Khadka: Understand and just one last question. So I was just I am just  looking at screener. The margins 
increased from 7% to 11%-12% in the last two three years. So what was the reason exactly? 
Sagar Bhanushali: The volume that we are doing. T hat are, the volume increase, the margin increases post that the 
working, the fixed cost and the operating costs have been coming down. We are able to prepare 
more material. In this rising trend, the inventory gain also comes into picture. 
Harshit Khadka: Understood. All right. Thank you. That's all. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ath arva Kulkarni from OHM Group 
Please go ahead. 
Atharva Kulkarni: Hi, congratulations on good set of numbers. So I just wanted t o check do we have any LOIs in 
place because we are adding a capacity almost 2x of what we hav e at the moment. So I just 
wanted to know what is the order visibility that we have at the moment? 
Sagar Bhanushali: That's what I told you there is no such contract or orders or that thing. The PO comes in every 
month. POs normally executed within two to three days. It doesn 't take time in conversion. So 
there is no specific contract or order visibility, but we were quite confident with the set of 
customers that we have. Every month this the run rate would be same or keep on increasing. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Atharva Kulkarni: Understood. And we will be tapping newer customers as well wit h the newer capacity. And is 
there any new product that we are launching or would the new ca pacity be catered towards our 
existing product portfolio? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Okay. First the focus would be to cater the existing clients only because they are well tried and 
trusted and genuine old clients where we have built a very good  relationship. Post that we will 
enter new markets also. Product would remain the same more or l ess. If you get certain good 
opportunities with new product that we are working quietly, like certain there are a few products 
but we are not that aggressive. 
 With this market scenario current ly with aluminium and all this  availability let that settle first, 
then we will come up with new products. Currently it's good to hold up the things that you are 
doing and be very safe and steady in this market because the market is really volatile these days 
and that is open to everyone. It's not only affecting us, affecting everyone. 
Atharva Kulkarni: Sure. Understood. And, last question from my end. The debt cap acity that we have at the 
moment, would that be towards working capital financing or do w e have any other plans in 
mind? 
Sagar Bhanushali: No. We are currently looking at debt only. And currently I gue ss we are well placed. The debt 
that we have we will be able to execute it well. So the next de cision would come in post like 
second quarter ending, we will look at something new. Currently  we are quite good to run six 
months. 
Atharva Kulkarni: Understood. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of San deep Dixit from Arjav Partners 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Dixit: Okay. So you mentioned this number INR450 crores of topline. I  just wanted to clarify. This is 
FY27 or is it FY28? 
Sagar Bhanushali: F Y 2 7 ,  s i r .  
Sandeep Dixit: FY27. Sir, thank you. Second, you mentioned that if at all the re would be any integration, it 
would be forward integration. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Correct, yes. 
Sandeep Dixit: Right. Now for I mean, I don't really understand this business  that well, but what would be the 
kind of forward integration if you can give me some idea? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Set up more specialized printing units or conversion unit wher e we cater all the pharma 
companies in local and export also. So that is the forward integration part. 
Sandeep Dixit: So technically the technology w ill come primarily in printing and forming. Okay. And in that 
how much more margin will be there compared to our existing products? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sagar Bhanushali: After this, lower end even if you catch it becomes 8 to 10%. 
Sandeep Dixit: 8  t o  1 0 .  
Sagar Bhanushali: Y e s .  
Sandeep Dixit: Compared to what are we, I m ean, incremental over... 
Sagar Bhanushali: What I meant sir, after making good products and specializing you have to give good credit too. 
If you sell at cash rate you won 't get that margin. Won't get i t, yes'. If we are giving credit of 
around 60 to 90 days then obviously you can dictate your terms and earn good margin also. 
Sandeep Dixit: So I am saying that assuming that that policy stays the same o f working capital, how much 
incremental will we get over the existing product that we are selling? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, sir it will be incremental only. 
Sandeep Dixit: 8 to 10%, almost double. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes, but over the period of 60 days, yes sir. 60 to 90 days, b ecause money won't come from 
pharma faster than that. 
Sandeep Dixit: So 60 to 90 days we are giving even now, right. Giving yes, si r. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Yes then okay, margins will double. Correct, yes. 
Sandeep Dixit: Okay. And is any is this plan sort of sometime in the future k i something that is concrete being 
worked out? 
Sagar Bhanushali: Once this Ahmedabad is set and things become normal, then defi nitely, after that 
Sandeep Dixit: So maybe six months to a year. Maybe sometime towards the end of FY27 we can expect. 
Sagar Bhanushali: 100%. Yes. 
Sandeep Dixit: Okay. Sir, thank you. Thank you very much for your time. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constra int, we will take that as the last 
question for today and with that concludes the question and ans wer session. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. Sagar Bhanushali for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sagar Bhanushali: Thank you all for joining us on today's earning call. We hope we have been able to address all 
the questions and provide clarity on our performance and future outlook. If you have any further 
queries or wish to know more about GSM Foils, please feel free to reach out to our investor 
relation advisory, X-B4 Advisory. We appreciate your continued interest and support. Thank 
you once again. Take care. Have a good day. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  GSM Foils Limited 
  April 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of GSM Foils Limited, that concludes  this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 