
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
February 19, 2026 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd           The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street,     Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai 400 001    Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Security Code:-523301    Trading Symbol:- TCPLPACK 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Re:- Transcript of the Q3 & 9M FY26 Earning Conference Call  
 
With reference to the aforesaid subject, atta ched is transcript of the conference call of 
the Company held with Investors & Analysts on Monday, February 16, 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For TCPL Packaging Limited 
 
 
 
Compliance Officer 
 
  
===== PAGE 2 =====
 Page 1 of 12  
 
 
TCPL Packaging Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
February 16, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to TCPL Packaging Limited's 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, 
ma’am.  
Jenny Rose:  Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on TCPL Packaging's Q3 and 
9M FY26 Earnings Conference call.  
We have with us today Mr. Akshay Kanoria, Executive Director, and Mr. Vivek Dave, 
GM (Finance) of the Company. We would like to begin the call with brief opening 
remarks from the management, following which we will have the forum open for an 
interactive question-and-answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Akshay to make his opening remarks. Over to you, 
Akshay.  
Akshay Kanoria: Good afternoon everyone an d thank you for joining us on our earnings call. I will 
begin by taking you through the business highlights for the period under review and 
then we can open the forum for Q&A.  

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Page 2 of 12  
After a measured start to the quarter, demand improved gradually across key 
segments, enabling us to deliver healthy double-digit growth in the domestic market. 
This domestic performance helped offset the decline in export volumes, which 
remained subdued amid continued softness in international markets. In this 
environment, we remain focused on strengthening customer relationships across 
geographies while taking a calibrated approach.  
Coming to our financial performance, consolidated revenue for Q3FY26 stood at  
INR 471 crore. On the profitability front, we reported a strong improvement, with 
EBITDA increasing by about 15% year-on-year to INR 81 crore and margins 
expanding to 17.2%, reflecting an improvement of over 240 basis points. This 
expansion was primarily driven by better gross margins, supported by favourable 
product mix and tighter cost control.  
During the quarter, we recognized an exceptional loss of INR 11.57 crore related to 
the implementation of the revised labour code framework. This represents a one-
time impact. Reported PAT for the quarter stood at INR25 crore while cash profit was 
INR 56.5 crore.  
I would also like to highlight the commissioning of our gravure cylinder manufacturing 
facility at Silvassa, established under our wholly owned subsidiary, Accura Technik 
Private Limited. This marks an important milestone in our backward integration 
journey. By bringing this critical input in-house, we enhance process control, improve 
print precision and quality consistency and reduce dependence on external 
outsourcing. The facility has been designed with surplus space, providing flexibility 
to address external demand over time and further strengthening our integrated 
capabilities.  
Alongside our operational milestones, we were honoured to receive important 
recognitions during the quarter. We were awarded the Most Preferred Workplace 
Award 2025-26 in the manufacturing category, reflecting our continued focus on 
building a strong, inclusive and performance-driven organization. In addition, TCPL 
secured six wins at IFCA Star Awards 2025, reaffirming our commitment to creativity, 
innovation and excellence in delivering di fferentiated packaging solutions. These 
recognitions reflect the strength of our people, processes and product capabilities.  
To close, domestic demand continues to remain healthy and is expected to be a key 
driver of growth, supported by policy measures aimed at boosting consumption and 
strengthening manufacturing competitiveness. In addition, recent trade 
developments involving the EU and the US, as well as some other markets are 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Page 3 of 12  
expected to improve export sentiment and create a more favourable operating 
environment over time. With our expand ing manufacturing footprint, diversified 
product portfolio, and disciplined capital allocation approach, we believe we are well-
positioned to capture growth opportunities as the industry continues to consolidate 
towards organized players.  
Before we move to the Q&A session, I would like to acknowledge that the Board 
conferred the honorary title of Chairman Emeritus on my grandfather, Mr. K.K. 
Kanoria. As the founder of TCPL Packaging, he laid the foundations of the Company 
and shaped its early growth trajectory. Over the years, he has served the 
organization in various capacities, including as Chairman and has been instrumental 
in building a strong institution anchored in values, governance and long-term 
strategic thinking. The guidance and principles he has instilled continue to shape the 
Company's culture and direction.  
The Board has also approved the appointment of my father, Mr. Saket Kanoria, as 
Chairman and Managing Director. Over the years, Mr. Kanoria has been 
instrumental in shaping the Company's strategic priorities and enhancing operational 
excellence. We look forward to his continued leadership as he guides the Company 
into its next phase, with a strong emphasis on sustainable growth and innovation.  
On that note, I would request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or 
suggestions that you may have.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Nishant Bagrecha from InCred Research.  
Nishant Bagrecha: I have two questions on domestic business and a couple on exports. So firstly on 
domestic business, again with the GST related trade disruptions largely behind us 
now. So how is the domestic business currently performing and what growth outlook 
are you setting for the next year?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Yes, so there was a disruption of about two months, I would say, and then there was 
a bump because of the restocking. So now we will see how the performance pans 
out this quarter and in coming quarters. So far it is okay, I would not say there is any 
issue as such, but we will see how it goes now over the next few months.  
Nishant Bagrecha:  Sure, sir. And second, with respect to the sharp price hike underway in cigarettes, 
what kind of volume or realization impact are we expecting on that portfolio?  
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Page 4 of 12  
Akshay Kanoria:  Yes, so this is a big increase in the tax. I think this has happened after almost five 
years, if I am not mistaken, that there has been this kind of an increase in the tax. 
So definitely it is a negative sentiment for the domestic cigarette business. However, 
being a very inelastic consumption kind of item, so I am not sure, what at the end of 
the day the volume impact is going to be. So we have to wait and watch, but yes 
certainly if there was a growth happening it will hit that, but whether there will be a 
negative effect on the volume, we will have to see I suppose.  
Nishant Bagrecha:  Okay, sure. And secondly on the export business, export remained under pressure 
in Q3FY26 as well, but now that the trade deal has been made with US and Europe 
and both of them were low-to-mid single digit contributor each to our export business, 
so how are we looking at these regions going forward and can we expect a significant 
ramp-up from these regions?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Yes, so as you may know people had asked me this in the previous quarterly calls 
as well that if it gets resolved, then how fast we can ramp up. So I would say that, 
now the inquiries will start coming or have started coming. So for it to translate into 
business will still take a litt le bit of time. And in some  cases customers do their 
planning well in advance. So then, once they have already done their developments 
for the coming quarters then that gets locked. But overall it is very positive and there 
will be some good momentum coming out of th is, but it will take some time to play 
out. It is not that it will just suddenly restart the momentum which was there earlier.  
Nishant Bagrecha:  Okay. And sir on the Middle East also, how is the demand from the Middle East 
shaping up for us? By when again can we expect a meaningful recovery particularly 
in the Middle East?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Yes, so we cannot comment on specific markets or customers but overall I would 
say it is a bit choppy and sometimes up, sometimes down, but no major cause of 
concern as such.  
Nishant Bagrecha: And lastly, Particularly for January, how did the month perform for our exports? Did 
we come back to double-digit growth in January?  
Akshay Kanoria:  I cannot comment on month-by-month.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Anupama Sureshkumar from RatnaTraya 
Capital.  
Anupama S.:  Could you kindly give us the numbers for your domestic growth, volume as well as 
ASP? 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Page 5 of 12  
Akshay Kanoria: So there is a low double-digit growth in the domestic volume. 
Anupama S.:  Low double-digit growth in the volume. Okay. So, the ASP has also declined, you 
would say?  
Akshay Kanoria:  I did not understand. ASP? 
Anupama S.:  The average selling price, ha s that also declined or is that flattish? Have you taken 
a hit on the realization? 
Akshay Kanoria: I would say, flattish.  
Anupama S.:  Okay, and what is the utilizat ion level at the Chennai plant?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Chennai utilization is less than 50% right now but we are expecting some good 
improvement in coming quarters. Most of our audits and all are done, so it should 
start improving now.  
Anupama S.:  Okay, and what kind of timeline are you looking at for it to scale up?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Next few months.  
Anupama S.:  Sure. Okay, and could you also share the utilization levels for your overall capacity, 
including flexible packaging and the paper segment?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Overall about 70%-75%, I would say.  
Anupama S.:  Right, and for flexible packaging?  
Akshay Kanoria:  A bit higher than that.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of R anjan Venkataraman, an Individual Investor.  
Ranjan V.: I would like to know, what is the total gross block capital expenditure for the next 2 
years, how much it will be? Also, what turnover do you anticipate over the next three 
years? What is the capitalization of the gross block for the current year? Additionally, 
what is the market size of the packaging industry in your segment, and what is our 
market share? Is it growing or is it static?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Last year, we had about INR150 crore of capex approx. How much was capitalized 
in that year, I think it was pretty much the same number.  
Ranjan V.: For 2025 and 2026, what was the gross block amount? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Page 6 of 12  
Akshay Kanoria: These figures are available in the balance sheet. Our total gross block was over 
INR1,100 crore in gross fixed asset and about INR150 crore was incurred as capex 
last year. 
Ranjan V.: That is for  2024-2025, correct? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes. 2024-2025. 
Ranjan V.: And for 2025-2026, it was how much? 
Akshay Kanoria: An additional INR100-odd will be added on top.  
Ranjan V.:  Okay, an over the next two years, for every INR 1 invested, how much turnover—or 
revenue—do you expect to generate?  
Akshay Kanoria:  We are adding about INR150 crore, I think, to the top-line year-on-year. 
Ranjan V.: So that implies roughly 1.5x per year? In other words, for every rupee invested? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, basically. 
Ranjan V.: What is the cash conversion cycle? Is it around 60 or 90 days, or is it actually 
extending? 
Akshay Kanoria: 90-odd.  
Ranjan V.: Have you been able to add more customers from the Chennai plant? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes. 
Ranjan V.: The Chennai plant seems to be performing very well?  
Akshay Kanoria:  Yes, it is positive. We are quite happy. 
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from MS Capital.  
Shrinjana Mittal: I have two questions. One is a clarification of something you mentioned earlier. You 
said that the volume growth for the domest ic business is low double-digit. Was that 
for 9 months or for this particular quarter?  
Akshay Kanoria:   It was for both.  
Shrinjana Mittal:  Okay, understood. Secondly, could you help me understand the gross margin 
expansion this quarter? It increased by roughly 2.5%, from about 40% to 42.7%, 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Page 7 of 12  
correct? What would explain this improvement, given that, as you mentioned, the 
export business has not grown significantly and exports typically carry higher gross 
margins? What factors drove the rise in gross margins?  
Akshay Kanoria:  I would advise not getting into this on a quarterly basis, because these numbers can 
change based on the stock movements. Quarter-to-quarter variations can be quite 
significant, and analysing them at that level may not be particularly helpful. It is just 
too granular. I would not look at it quarterly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management.  
Pulkit Singhal: My first question is on the domestic side. We seem to have performed quite well, 
with double-digit growth over the 9 months and last 3 months. But the commentary 
from FMCG companies suggests there has been a noticeable pickup. Is that 
something we are also seeing, and could this imply stronger growth for us as well? 
Akshay Kanoria: You are saying their commentary is showing quite a bit of pickup or quite less pickup?  
Pulkit Singhal: The pickup seems to be good. From FMCG companies the commentary is better this 
quarter. The delivery is also better, and commentary is also better. So to that extent, 
if we have already done double digit for 9 months and even the last 3 months, then 
is it fair to assume that whatever be the growth rate may be, it will pick up for us as 
well? 
Akshay Kanoria: I hope so, but we do not know . We will have to see how it  progresses. But it varies 
customer to customer. Some customers are doing very well, while others in similar 
categories are not doing that well. So, I would not say there has been a broad-based 
pickup across all customers. There are pockets where we are seeing a very good 
pickup, and others where there is not much change. So, I just do not understand, it 
is a bit funny. 
Pulkit Singhal: It is overall, okay. Secondly, on the exports, to I mean the overall numbers appear 
to be impacted by exports, which suggests a high degree of decline. If you have done 
double digits in domestic, the offset would imply that exports are down significantly, 
which is a bit surprising given our strong performance over the last 5 years. What 
has led to this, and how long do you think it might take for exports to stabilize at a 
certain level, in your view? 
Akshay Kanoria: I think it is a bit too much reading of tea leaves, but basically we have done very well 
over the last several years, and last year in particular there was a very big growth in 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Page 8 of 12  
our exports in general. I would describe this more as a year of stabilization. I’m not 
sure there is any deeper underlying factor; it appears to be driven more by customer-
specific or incidental factors. There isn’t much additional detail we can share on a 
public call. I would not characterize this as a cause for concern. 
Pulkit Singhal: Lastly, on the various FTAs, such as those with the US and the EU, which one are 
you most excited about? Over the next two to three years, how large could these 
regions become for you? And what strengths do we have in this context? 
Akshay Kanoria: Okay, so obviously the US is the one that was the big stumbling block to any 
business happening. Because at 50%, you just cannot do any business or you can 
do just for the sake of like the customer waiting for the tariff to come down so he has 
been keeping you alive. But with 18% you can do business. So at least that opens a 
door which was completely closed. So that is positive. With the EU, our folding carton 
was already at zero, so there is no impact there. But on the flexible packaging side, 
we save a few percent on the tariff. So, that is positive. And then, with both markets, 
the upshot is on other industries exporting from India which will require packaging. 
So, there we get a sort of second order benefit, which is the main positive, I would 
say, for things like toys, textiles, those kind of things. Now that, how long it takes to 
play out will really depend on customer-to- customer and brand-to-brand, then what 
benefit we get out of it versus others. But overall, it is good, because the rising tide 
lifts all boats.  
Pulkit Singhal: But direct customer sales you do not anticipate much, in the sense that this is more 
of a second-order impact, as you rightly said. 
Akshay Kanoria: So, for direct customer sales, the main benefit will be with the US. But even the EU, 
particularly in flexible packaging, it is very positive. Even, the UK also had a high 
tariff on flexible packaging, so that is also come down. So all these things are very 
positive but they take time to play out. It is not that there are orders sitting and waiting 
for the tariff to reduce and then, they just come in one fine day. Like the 
developments start, then it takes months to play out. But yes, overall it is very 
positive, we are happy. 
Pulkit Singhal: It is more of an FY28 story, then? I mean, the impact of the US and EU reflecting 
significantly in our numbers? 
Akshay Kanoria: Now you are asking very specific. I cannot answer that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Harini Dedhia from Tamohara Investment 
Managers.  
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Page 9 of 12  
Harini Dedhia: Just one question, should a FY18-19 kind of scenario play out in paper prices, is 
there something that we have built differently into our business style and operations 
now that our margins would, cave but not cave as much, just trying to understand 
the resilience of these margins should a scenario like that play out again? 
Akshay Kanoria: You are talking about that post-COVID boom in the paperboard prices? 
Harini Dedhia: No, pre-COVID FY18-19 when we saw China coming and really dumping a lot and 
then we had that severe margin compression of 400 basis points. Just trying to 
understand what happens if we see a very similar kind of scenario happening in 
paper prices again. 
Akshay Kanoria: No, paper prices going down are not necessarily bad for us. The only issue is that 
when there is a very weak commodities market, then the differentiation between the 
larger player and the smaller player tends to go down, which is not good. The 
difference between that period and now, apart from our own company being bigger 
and scale and all that stuff, the difference would be now there is a lot more 
protectionism in the world. So it is not so easy for producers to dump. Like, right now, 
even in India, there is a minimum import price that is been imposed on virgin 
paperboard, so therefore no dumping possible. Hence, that negative effect is not 
really felt. Yes, if there is dumping, it affects the global markets and it is not as easy 
to win new orders. But, I mean, I do not know how transient these things are. And 
there is a lot of commentary coming from China about this anti-involution and cutting 
down on excess capacity in many industries. But it is easier said than done. But at 
least the Government over there is cognizant of the fact that this is now a problem. 
So I do not know, the way the Chinese Government reacts to these things is very 
complex and cannot be understood or anticipated. But I do not think the scenario 
can get much worse, otherwise these mills have to start shutting down over there. 
But generally this protectionism trend is there so it is protecting the market to some 
extent. But that is mainly protecting our suppliers rather than us.  
Harini Dedhia: Got it. And if there was a flip scenario where we had a significant acceleration in 
paper prices, how much of it would we have to absorb, how much would we be able 
to pass on? I am also asking this because two of our larger competitors have gone 
through some issues, while the rest of the domestic market remains largely 
unorganized. In such a scenario, do we have a little more ability to stand our ground 
or we will still have to bite the bullet?  
Akshay Kanoria: See, I would point you to our history. There was a significant increase in paperboard 
prices in 2022 and we dealt with that. So, I think there is no reason why we cannot. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Page 10 of 12  
I do not see that happening right now, as that was because of the COVID and 
massive disruption. That can happen again if there is some sort of a war or 
something but these things are now beyond anyone's ability to predict. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Management.  
Resham Jain: Just to expand on the last question, this Minimum Import Price (MIP) has been 
introduced on paperboard from August. If import price parity is not maintained, 
competing in the global landscape could be come little difficult. So, is there any 
exception for exporters, where they can import at a certain price since they are, in 
turn, exporting?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, MIP is only applicable if the material is meant for domestic use. If you are 
exporting, then you can import in advance license and then re-export, there is no 
problem. So, even if the MIP is in place, it does not make us uncompetitive. 
Otherwise, the domestic market might have been softer and we would have sourced 
domestically. But it is okay. But it is okay, I think overall it is fine.  
Resham Jain: The second one is with respect to Creative. Now that you have acquired it 100% and 
you have full control, you had control earlier as well but is there anything which you 
are planning because that was something which was looking quite exciting in India, 
especially the electronics packaging and stuff like that? So any thoughts?  
Akshay Kanoria: So we have a lot of plans and things in motion but in the past also I have sounded 
too upbeat and then investors were disappointed. So then this time we would rather 
just keep it to ourselves until something actually happens. 
Resham Jain: Okay, but things are moving in that direction obviously. 
Akshay Kanoria: We are constantly trying something or the other. It is just whether it happens on time 
or not. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Heta Vora from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Heta Vora: Just couple of questions. I want to understand from our domestic business, are we 
heavily dependent on the tobacco segment or is it diversified among other segments 
as well?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, it is quite diversified. 
Heta Vora: Okay, so even if there was a volume impact, it would not be substantial on our top-
line? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Page 11 of 12  
Akshay Kanoria: No.  
Heta Vora: Okay, all right. Good to know. As you mentioned, that the Europe had high tariff on 
flexible packaging which has now reduced. Could you just help me understand what 
was the tariff earlier and what is the tariff now?  
Akshay Kanoria: It was high single digit. Exact number is not coming to mind but it was not in double 
digit but high single digit. So that is now going to come to zero from I think next year, 
that will be positive.  
Heta Vora: All right, understood. And are we still looking to proceed with any mergers & 
acquisitions, that we were earlier considering?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, we are constantly working on something or the other but then we are very 
unforgiving in our assessments. So every time, it is not possible always but we keep 
trying, something or the other is in motion at any point of time. So yes. Nothing I can 
tell you right now on the call.  
Heta Vora: Okay, understood. So going ahead considering this Chennai facility now will start 
seeing operating leverage and with the gravure cylinders also commissioned, do we 
anticipate any margin expansion led by these initiatives?  
Akshay Kanoria: We do not budget for it. 
Heta Vora: Okay, sir. Understood, all right. And sir what would be your estimated capex for next 
year, FY27? 
Akshay Kanoria: It should be along the similar lines of this year, about INR100 odd crore. 
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Anupama Sureshkumar from 
RatnaTraya Capital.  
Anupama S.: Yes, I just had a question on your outlook on the exports. Like from now onwards 
where do you see growth coming from and what countries, like Europe, US, 
specifically?  
Akshay Kanoria: I believe, I have answered this, but broadly we are positive on all these markets and 
apart from that our immediate neighbourhood and Africa, these are also positive. But 
yes, definitely Europe, US would be among the top priority. 
Anupama S.: Right, what percentage do they contribute right now? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Page 12 of 12  
Akshay Kanoria: I cannot divulge. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments.  
Akshay Kanoria: Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions but should you 
need any further clarifications or like to know more about the company, please feel 
free to contact us or CDR India. Thank you again for taking the time to join us on this 
call. We look forward to interacting with you next quarter.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 