
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
August 5, 2025  
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd           The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street,     Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai 400 001    Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Security Code:-523301    Trading Symbol:- TCPLPACK 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Re:- Transcript of the Q1 FY26 Results Conference Call  
 
With reference to the aforesaid subject, attached  is transcript of the conference call held 
on August 1, 2025, with the Investors and Analysts. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For TCPL Packaging Limited 
 
 
 
Compliance Officer 
  
===== PAGE 2 =====
 Page 1 of 10  
 
 
TCPL Packaging Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to TCPL Packaging Limited’s Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, Ms. Rose. 
Jenny Rose: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on TCPL Packaging’s Q1 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Akshay and Vidur Kanoria – Executive Directors; and 
Mr. Vivek Dave – GM (Finance) of the Company. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will open the forum for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today’s call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Akshay Kanoria to make his opening remarks. Over to 
you. 
Akshay Kanoria: Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for joining us today on TCPL Packaging’s 
Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of FY26. 
I will begin the call by taking you through the business highlights for the period under 
review, after which we will open the forum to a Q&A session. 
FY26 has commenced on a steady note with Q1 delivering consolidated revenues 
of Rs. 424.7 crore, reflecting a almost 5% year-on-year growth. This performance, 
achieved amid subdued domestic demand and continued uncertainty in international 
markets, highlights the resilience of our operating model, the strength of our 
customer partnerships, and the stability of our diversified portfolio.  

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Page 2 of 10  
EBITDA for the quarter remained steady at Rs. 72.6 crore with margins of 17.1%, 
which were marginally lower by 50 basis points year-on-year due to higher fixed and 
variable costs and lower revenue growth. 
PBT was impacted by a Rs. 10 crore forex loss arising from mark-to-market 
adjustments on Euro-denominated term loans.  
One of the significant strategic developments recently was the successful 
operationalization of our new greenfield manufacturing facility in Chennai. This state-
of-the-art unit has achieved producti on stability this quarter and is seeing 
encouraging engagement from customers across South India. The plant enhances 
our pan-India manufacturing footprint, strengthens our capabilities in high-
performance and sustainable paperboard cartons, and is designed to scale quickly 
in response to growing demand. We believe this facility will become a key driver of 
future growth and a catalyst for deeper regional penetration.  
Looking ahead, our strategic agenda is built around the following priorities –  
Enhancing operational efficiency through digitalization and lean manufacturing, 
accelerating innovation to deliver differentiated high-value solutions, driving growth 
through diversification by identifying and capitalizing on new growth avenues, 
leading on sustainability by embedding circularity and reducing environmental impact 
across the value chain, expanding markets by deepening domestic presence and 
tapping global opportunities. 
While we remain mindful of macroeconomic volatility and geopolitical developments, 
we are confident in our strategic direction and the strength of our fundamentals. Our 
robust balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation, and sustained investments in 
capability building provide th e flexibility to navigate near-term challenges while 
positioning the business for long-term opportunities. We remain committed to 
creating value by building a purpose-driven, innovation-led organization that is well-
prepared for the future.  
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Rohan Kalle from InCred
 Research.  
Rohan Kalle: I have three questions. First on the export portion, we have been doing well here for 
the last few years, and there was some weakness this quarter. Can you talk on how 
the trend was this quarter, specifically in exports and where the weakness could have 
come from, and if it is temporary in nature and we expect this deferred demand to 
materialize in the next few quarters? 
Akshay Kanoria: Thank you for your question. So, we have been seeing some slack in the export the 
last few months. We don't see any fundamental issue or any share of business loss. 
I think it is just to do with overall economic factors at our end consumers' side. As far 
as where that would be coming from and the breakup of that, I think we can't give 
that kind of information. But we would say that there seems to have been a slight 
slowdown in the last few months, which has impacted us. And we don't have any 
outlook as such, but there is no fundamental reason why there should be a 
contraction. So, this should come back eventually.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Page 3 of 10  
Rohan Kalle: Second question on the domestic part, considering a weak export momentum this 
quarter, is it fair to assume a mid-teen kind of a growth in the domestic segment this 
quarter? And is it sustainable?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so again, we can't give you specifics, but the domestic has grown quite well this 
quarter. And we see the domestic demand improving over coming months. Now we 
are entering into our festive season, and there is certainly a good demand growth at 
present. Of course, you know, there is still way more room for the domestic demand 
to increase, to come up to the levels that one would expect from a country with our 
kind of per capita consumption. That being said, there is an improvement compared 
to the last one or two years’ kind of sluggishness that we have seen.  
Rohan Kalle: Last one from my end on the Chennai fac ility. Location-wise, it seems well-placed, 
considering a lot of the large players are running a lot of go-to-market pilots, 
specifically in Tamil Nadu. And we have one line here currently. Do you expect any 
more lines this year? And do you also see potential to go into flexible packaging lines 
here considering your categories in home care, specifically like liquids, have been 
doing well in southern India, especially Chennai? So, do we plan to add any flexible 
lines as well in this facility going forward?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, yes, in Chennai, we are seeing a good uptick and we are quite satisfied with the 
progress. Obviously, it is a long way to go. What happens is, these customer 
approvals and onboarding and everything take several months, after which it takes 
a few months to then ramp up with individual customers. Obviously, some are quicker 
than others. So, we don't foresee any further capex this year. But our goal is to fill 
this up in this financial year, ideally. As far as, further opportunities in Chennai, yes, 
we have a lot of opportunities in that region. There are a lot of complementary 
packaging opportunities there, which we are exploring one by one. Flexible 
packaging, of course, there is a demand in South India, for sure and it is a growing 
market. However, we still have a lot of room for our growth in the existing flexible 
packaging plant. And flexible packaging as a business requires very large scale. So, 
we would rather, I think, be  more prudent and grow th e existing facility to its 
maximum potential and then look for opportun ities. So, as of now, I don't think we 
have any plan, but let's see.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rajesh Joshi from Chrys Capital.  
Rajesh Joshi: So, my first question was regarding the domestic demand. You said it was healthy. 
Could you give some color on the volume and pricing split in terms of domestic 
demand?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, typically when we grow, it is a mixture of volume and price. So, the volume growth 
is encouraging, I would say.  
Rajesh Joshi: And secondly, the creative offset facility that we had acquired couple of years back. 
Any color on how the trajectory for that is moving forward? 
Akshay Kanoria: So, we are quite encouraged by the increase in demand over there as well and we 
have had a very good growth in the turnover from a very low base. Last year we had 
a very high double-digit growth, and this year we see that continuing. And so far, 
things are going positively. So, we are seeing an improvement, and the unit will 
hopefully turn positive this year. It is looking encouraging, and we have a good 
improvement in the job mix over there as well. So, overall, we are quite happy with 
the progress. But of course, we have some way to go. But it is a positive trajectory.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Page 4 of 10  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital.  
Pavan Kumar: I wanted to understand that finance cost increase of around Rs. 10 crore on your 
P&L this quarter. That is what you are referring to as forex mark-to-market loss, 
Correct?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes. So, basis the Ind AS accounting standard, we have to mark-to-market the forex 
loan basis the currency fluctuation. And there was a substantial correction in the 
Euro-INR rate, which has necessitated this correction in the loan value, which we 
have to reflect in the interest cost portion of our P&L. So, therefore, we had this 
correction.  
Pavan Kumar: Understood. First of all, what would be the value of the Euro-denominated loan on 
our balance sheet right now?  
Akshay Kanoria: We don't give the exact breakup. It is not even very large from the total loan book 
and this is a notional sort of thing. It is not a cash out. It is a mark-to-market. 
Pavan Kumar: And we don't expect, of course, this is a kind of an exceptional item, right? Or am I 
wrong?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, basically. It is a currency fluctuation. 
Pavan Kumar: And can you just give us an idea of what is the kind of fixed cost that is there on the 
Chennai plant? And at what level of revenues would this plant actually break-even? 
Our understanding currently would be like the capex that you have done for this plant 
is Rs. 100 crore. So, the depreciation would be somewhere in the range of Rs. 7 
crore, Rs. 8 crore. Correct me if I am wrong. 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so the exact investment value we don't give, but it is not close to Rs. 100 crore 
at all. It is much lower than that because this is on a lease premises. So, we didn't 
incur the land and building cost. We feel that if we can fill up this first line, then at 
least from a cash flow poin t of view, we will be okay. An d then the real return will 
come once you have two lines running at a healthy utilization. And then beyond that, 
it should be a much better re turn. So, we need to basically get to that full utilization 
of one line and then the second line should follow and get utilized quickly. So, that is 
the idea. 
Pavan Kumar: And when we are talking about  filling up one line, my understanding would be that it 
should be somewhere around Rs. 100 crore, Rs. 120 crore. Correct?  
Akshay Kanoria: Maybe less than that.  
Pavan Kumar: Less than that. Okay. And the depreciation for the new plant is totally into the system 
right now, right? Correct?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, from this quarter.  
Pavan Kumar: In Q1 FY26.  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes. 
Pavan Kumar: And domestic, have we seen some change, Akshay? Because the numbers look 
pretty good. So, I was just wondering, have we won some new customers or what 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Page 5 of 10  
has happened this particular quarter because the growth seems to have picked up, 
which is pretty positive? 
Akshay Kanoria: Basically, the dead man is walking now, so everything looks positive. But we have 
to start running. So, we have a long way to go. I am not happy although it looks very 
nice compared to a few years of poor performance. So, our standard is low. That 
doesn't mean that we should be happy. 
Pavan Kumar: And one last question. So, for exports, we think this slump is temporary, correct, as 
of now? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, I mean, we certainly hope so.  
Pavan Kumar: And we believe we can still grow in high teens, I am assuming.  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, I mean, there is a scope. Obviously, yesterday, day before's announcements 
are not positive, but hopefully we can still arrive at some good conclusion and India 
is negotiating FTAs now with EU and we have successfully concluded with the UK. 
So, such a pro-trade agenda is very much favorable for India. But of course, we do 
need to manage the U.S. and all. So then, I think, there is a lot of scope if we can.  
Pavan Kumar: But I thought our exports to U.S. was not much as of now. 
Akshay Kanoria: No, not much. So therefore, the immediate impact on us is not much. But of course, 
we were banking on U.S. as a good growth area in the future. So, there is a huge 
scope there, as long as the tariff differential is not substantial, we can still tap it. So, 
let's see what happens. I think this is more like a negotiating tactic kind of thing. And 
eventually, things will settle at a more reas onable level. But the uncertainty is not 
helpful for anyone.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sameer Mokashi from Asit C. Mehta.  
Sameer Mokashi: I have a few questions. First question is basically your revenue growth. What are 
your target CAGR for the next two or three years? Can you help us out with that?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, we have been growing at mid-teens to high-teens growth rate for the last many 
years. So, our objective primarily is to continue that trajectory, if not exceed it. So, 
long term, we are quite positive that we should be able to manage those rates and if 
not exceed them. So, that is our target.  
Sameer Mokashi: My second question comes out with your debt allocation for the year and do you 
have any specific capex guidance for the same? 
Akshay Kanoria: So, we don't have a specific number to give you because that number changes very 
quickly based on current demand and opportunities that may come up. But typically, 
we have been doing Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 150 crore of capex per year over the last 
several years. One or two years may be higher, one or two years may be much lower, 
but on average about Rs. 150 crore capex is being incurred. And typically, the debt 
levels are growing in an absolute basis. But on a ratio basis, it is quite stable at 1:1 
or sub-1:1 levels. So, we hope to continue that. Obviously, that is dependent year-
to-year, it can change, but the trajectory should be similar. 
Sameer Mokashi: So, following up to this, are there any plans to reduce or slash increase any leverage 
within the market considering the falling interest rate?  
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Page 6 of 10  
Akshay Kanoria: You mean to reduce the debt? 
Sameer Mokashi: No, do you want to increase your debt or reduce any debt? I mean, how are you 
envisioning this? Because we were looking at an entire rate cut scenario within India. 
U.S. not so much anymore. So, debt is not going to be a prima facie look out over 
there, but in India at least are you looking at something in those lines or no? That 
would be very much helpful to us.  
Akshay Kanoria: See, we are not looking at it from a quarter-to-quarter and based on the RBI interest 
rate. We are looking at it more in terms of is there a good opportunity for us to invest, 
then we invest. And that is constrained by two things. Number one is, our return on 
capital criteria. And the second is on, of course, our balance sheet. So, we don't want 
to stretch the balance sheet. But yes, of course, we do have headroom where we 
can take on more debt. We are quite comfortable today. So, if there is a very good 
opportunity and we have to seize that opportunity and invest more, we are open to 
it. And if the ratios get skewed a little bit in that year or for one or two years, it is okay. 
We have that ability to bear it. So, it's  not like we're not taking advantage of 
opportunities because of the debt, if that’s what you’re asking.  
Sameer Mokashi: And I think you have already answered this, but I will just keep the question ahead. 
So, any particular tariff headways which you guys are looking at for the time being 
that, yes, this entire opportunity may get compromised in the later future? Anything 
as such or no?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, we do have a lot of opportunity, as I said, in the U.S. Last few conference calls, 
we have been talking about that as an area of growth. So, you know, it was looking 
quite positive until two days ago. So, hopefully, we can sort things out in the next 
coming weeks and months and then there is a huge opportunity for India. There is a 
lot of opportunity for domestic demand growth based on customers exporting their 
production. So, this whole China plus One trend was something which started 8 
years ago but really caught steam in the last six months where a lot of people were 
moving more actively to India. So, that is, of course, a setback if we can't figure things 
out. But I think we are reasonably positive and most of the people we are speaking 
to are also feeling that this is more like a temporary thing which will get sorted out. 
So, we are quite positive still. But yes, of course, we have to sort things out.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Param Vora from Trinetra Asset Managers.  
Param Vora: So, what I wanted to ask was, beyond the existing segments, can the management 
give more clarity regarding the new specific product lines or market segments that 
are being explored as a part of growth through diversification strategy?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, we have many things which we are exploring actively. We don't like to talk about 
it prematurely. But as a company, we feel that our asset is our strong name and 
recognition in the market, our strong relationships with customers, as well as our 
ability to run a good operation. So, synergistic businesses are obviously number one 
priority, but we are also looking at various other opportunities that may come to us 
in related or slightly unrelated fields also. So, we are looking and exploring at multiple 
opportunities. But we are very picky when it comes to the sort of growth or strategic 
imperative. So, if it fulfills that only, then we go ahead. But we don't talk about it 
prematurely. 
Param Vora: And my next question is regarding the export segment. So, are we exploring any new 
geographies or are we planning to penetrate more into the existing countries which 
we are serving right now?  
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Page 7 of 10  
Akshay Kanoria: No, we are constantly exploring new geographies, and we are tapping new markets. 
So, that is an ongoing process. But it is a long-term development to develop export 
markets. It is not so easy, and it takes a lot of time. Sampling development, pricing 
approval, all these things take not weeks but months. And one has to patiently work 
at it for a long time before one gets a return. So, it is ongoing, and there are 
opportunities coming up. Of course, the U.S. is a big opportunity which we can tap. 
Apart from that, there are many other markets, whether it is Southeast Asia, Middle 
East, Africa, Europe. And in all these markets, we have a very small penetration in 
the larger scheme of things. So, there is enough room for growth in all markets. 
Param Vora: So, can we expect the export share in the revenue to grow for this year? Or we 
expect it to remain the same? 
Akshay Kanoria: I don't know. It depends really on how things pan out. We don't have any guidance.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vyom Dagha from Valcore Capital.  
Vyom Dagha: I just have one question. Can you provide the customer industry-wise sales breakup 
for FY25? Like what percentage of revenue is from FMCG, tobacco, food and 
beverage, electronics, liquor, pharma?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes. So, we don't provide exact breakup. That being said, of course, the FMCG, the 
food and beverage combined is our biggest segment and then tobacco is a very big 
segment for us as well. Then all these other guys follow, like pharma, electrical, 
electronics. These are smaller segments. Liquor used to be a very big segment for 
us. So, I would say FMCG, and food and beverage combined are the biggest 
segment followed by the tobacco business. But we don't give you the breakup, 
unfortunately.  
Vyom Dagha: Sir, to follow up, is it possible to get an idea how much would tobacco and liquor be?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so as I said, we don't give the breakup. Liquor is a very small percentage now 
because that business doesn’t buy in cartons much anymore. So, it remains a very 
small percent now.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Ripplewave Equity.  
Vipul Shah: Just wanted to get a clarification. Obviously, we have mentioned the details of the 
euro loan on our balance sheet for the March 2025. So, just one question. From the 
reading of the balance sheet, it appears that this loan is unhedged and typically 
because of our export receivables, it is a natural hedge, but most of our receivables 
are actually in dollars, whereas this loan is in euro. So, is it correct that this loan is 
unhedged?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, you are absolutely correct. Hence, the mark-to-market loss, of course. If it was 
hedged, then this wouldn't have been there. And the idea was that typically the Euro 
to INR moves in sync with the USD to INR. However, in the last six months, thanks 
to all the, whatever is going on in the world, the euro has shot way ahead of the 
dollar. So, that is the basic point which you have hit on absolutely correctly. But that 
being said, now even the dollar has started to rally ahead of the INR. So, it is catching 
up. So, that natural hedge gets more natural, I suppose. And we do have a good 
euro export. So, that does help as well. So, it is okay. We are not too concerned 
about this. It is more like a P&L reporting item that we have to do based on the Ind 
AS. And also the loans are long tenures. So, basically, it compensates. It is just that 
the loss we have to take in one quarter, the gain will be over many quarters. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Page 8 of 10  
Vipul Shah: No, but that is assuming the rupee comes back. You know, if the rupee is static 
where it is, then I think pretty much the P&L states what it states, right?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, yes. I am saying that the gain which we get from the euro strengthening against 
the rupee is something which we realized over a period of time. Whereas the loss on 
account of the loan is something which we realize in one quarter based on the 
accounting standard. 
Vipul Shah: Secondly, on this liquor thing, I recollect a few quarters ahead when the MD used to 
take calls that it was a very distressing thing for our company where a lot of liquor, 
our clients who earlier used to buy from us stopped buying these cartons because 
of their cost control. But ongoing premiumization story which most of these liquor 
companies say, so doesn't that mean that there will be at some point a need for 
differentiated packaging and hence they will turn back to us? What is your sense in 
that?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so a bit of a difficult one because sometimes one hopes for something and then 
projects one's hopes onto the reality of the situation and gives the wrong answer. 
So, I don't want to give a wrong answer. But I will say that when this decartonization 
trend started was a time of acute inflation in paperboard prices as well as in a lot of 
the primary raw materials for the liquor business, like the ethyl alcohol and stuff. And 
these people were not able to pass that on in the market because of the controlled 
nature of the industry. And the carton was a low-hanging fruit which they could 
remove because the market is basically very consolidated at the top. So, a couple of 
people coming together and deciding to remove the carton means the entire market 
removes the carton. So, that was what happened. And it also happened that those 
years were years of very high demand growth for the liquor business. So, there is no 
negative impact felt by the customer at that time. Now that very robust growth has 
settled down. So, of course, now the hope is that in order to push that growth along 
further and push that premiumization, the customer ideally should look at carton 
packaging because before this decartonization announcement happened, the signal 
coming to us from customers was that we need to increase the investment in 
packaging and to increase the investment in the carton and that the carton is not 
decorative enough. It is not sturdy enough. It is not flashy enough. Not anything to 
the contrary. In fact, our expectation was that the liquor cartons should get more and 
more premiumized and higher and higher value. So, therefore, the shock when the 
announcement was made. So, I do feel fundamentally it helps and adds value to 
them because they are not able to advertise. They are not able to have any other 
way to sell their brand and story. So, the logical thing is for the carton to stay. And if 
you see many of the Indian companies are still selling a large volume in carton. So, 
they clearly see some value from it. And I suppose as those brands give more 
competition to the MNC brand, then the push may come. But these things are not up 
to us. So, we don't want to plan for it because there is no point. But hopefully it comes 
and then it is a huge impetus to the demand. 
Vipul Shah: So, if I may, a couple of questions. One was earlier you had made an announcement 
for the gravure facility to be on track in the December quarter this year. So, is there 
any change in that direction or we are still firmly on track there?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, that is going on. There is nothing to update, so then we didn't update, but it is 
going on. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital.  
Pulkit Singhal: First question is around the Chennai plant. What percentage of that capacity broadly 
do you think you will be able to  fulfill purely by shifting from your other plants? And 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Page 9 of 10  
how much of it do you think is broadly you will be able to just cater to certain demand 
which you probably weren’t being able to cater to earlier? 
Akshay Kanoria: Most of it will be the latter. And the shifting from other plants would be like maybe 
10%-20% or something. But yes, mostly it is customers who are existing customers 
or like small customers whose major requirements were in South, which we are now 
tapping.  
Pulkit Singhal: And what is the broad, average logistics cost as a percentage of sales in India when 
you're delivering? I mean, is it roughly around 2%? 
Akshay Kanoria: You know, if we are delivering local, then yes. If we are delivering little far, then it 
can go up to 5%-7% also. But it is more than the cost. Cost is a factor. Of course, in 
the bulkier, thicker cartons, it is a bigger factor. But more than the cost, it is also the 
just-in-time and all of that. So, the lead time is also a big factor and customer comfort 
from having the supplier nearby is a big factor. There are many times where we have 
to do a proofing and the customer wants to come to the factory and approve the 
quality. So, being nearby helps a lot.  
Pulkit Singhal: So, this is probably a market share game, which may come to an end soon and the 
market share gain is a result of opening the plant in Chennai. And secondly, on the 
raw material pricing, can you talk about where is it currently, what are the trends that 
you are seeing?  
Akshay Kanoria: So, not much fluctuation. There is a slight increase in the prices in this last quarter, 
a few percent on paperboard. Yes, not anything very significant.  
Pulkit Singhal: And lastly, to cater to the export demand, have you evaluated some opportunities to 
open plants outside? Because a lot of companies are opening in UAE, they get tax 
benefits, and there is a domestic demand also to cater to, to a certain extent. So, 
anything out there that you have evaluated? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so we have looked at this in the past and we keep looking at it, but never able 
to decide one way or the other, because we feel that the advantage is to make in 
India and export, whereas if you are local, then you incur all the cost and 
disadvantage of being local. So, never able to square that circle. Yes, so we are 
constantly looking at that and there is a business case for that. But it has to really 
make a lot of sense and we have to be able to run that operation in a manner that 
justifies.  
Pulkit Singhal: Lastly, whatever the new opportunities that we are evaluating in terms of new 
segments, categories, areas, are we largely looking at a sizing which we are able to 
cater from our existing balance sheet by leveraging our cash flows? Or you are also 
open to the idea of, you know, if required, for an opportunity to raise equity as well? 
I am just trying to figure out that the sizing of these opportunities, I mean, is it more 
manageable from your existing balance sheet or may require or external funding at 
some point? 
Akshay Kanoria: We are not averse to that, if that is the point. I mean, let's say there is a reasonably 
substantial opportunity, then we are not averse to looking at that. So, that is not a 
limiting factor, I would say, for us.  
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Heta 
Vora from Monarch AIF.  
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Page 10 of 10  
Heta Vora: Sir, I had two questions. My first question was, could you share the capacity 
utilization percentage for this quarter?  
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, something like 70%.  
Heta Vora: And secondly, I wanted to understand in FY25, I understand from the annual report 
that the sale of material to TCPL Middle East has increased some 30% year-on-year 
to now around some Rs. 450-odd crore. Could you just throw some light on the 
Middle East segment? What sectors do we cater to over there and at what margins 
do we sell our packaging products in UAE? 
Akshay Kanoria: No, we can't give that information, that breakup and detail is not something which we 
can provide, but it is basically a trading company for just ease of transaction.  
Heta Vora: Is there any specific sector from which this growth is coming in? 
Akshay Kanoria: We can't give that information on this forum.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. With this, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments.  
Akshay Kanoria: Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. Should you need 
any further clarifications or like to know more about the company, please feel free to 
contact us or CDR India. Thank you again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
We look forward to interacting with you in the next quarter.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 