
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
June 8, 2026 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd           The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street,     Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai 400 001    Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Security Code:-523301    Trading Symbol:- TCPLPACK 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Re:- Transcript of the Q4 & FY26 Results Conference Call  
 
With reference to the aforesaid subject, atta ched is transcripts of the conference call 
held on June 3, 2026, with the Investors and Analysts. 
 
The aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.tcpl.in.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For TCPL Packaging Limited 
 
 
 
Compliance Officer 
  
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
TCPL Packaging Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 03, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCPL Packaging Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India for opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Jenny Rose: Good evening everyone, and thank you for joining us on TCPL Packaging’s Q4 and 
FY26 earnings conference call. We have with us Akshay & Vidur Kanoria, Executive 
Directors; and Vivek Dave, GM (Finance) of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today’s call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Akshay to give his opening remarks. Over to you, Akshay. 
Akshay Kanoria: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for TCPL Packaging 
Limited’s Q4 FY26 earnings call. I will begin by taking you through our business 
highlights for the period under review, after which we will open the forum for a Q&A.  
FY26 was a challenging year for the industry, marked by a subdued global demand 
environment, continued volatility in international trade, and geopolitical disruptions in 
the Middle East during Q4. At the same time, domestic demand conditions remained 
relatively stable, supported by healthy consumption trends across key categories.  

===== PAGE 3 =====
Page 2 of 12 
 
In this environment, our domestic business performed well, with volume growth 
ahead of underlying consumer market growth trends in India. This helped mitigate 
softness in export markets, particularly in Q4 when shipments were affected by 
disruptions in the Middle East. During the year, we also made progress in 
strengthening our presence across other international markets and deepening global 
customer relationships, which should support improved export momentum as 
external conditions normalize.  
On the financial front, consolidated total income for Q4 FY26 stood at INR 465 crore, 
reflecting over 9% year-on-year growth. EBITDA, including other income, was INR 
81 crore, translating to a margin of 17.4%. The inclusion of other income is primarily 
on account of operational forex gains arising from exports during the quarter. Cash 
profit for the quarter came in at INR 61 crore.  
For the full year, consolidated revenues reached approximately INR 1,836 crore, 
registering a growth of 3% year-on-year, while EBITDA stood at INR 318 crore with 
margins at 17.3%. Margin performance during this quarter was impacted by elevated 
RM costs and the timing lag in passing on cost inflation. We remain focused on 
calibrated pricing actions, product mix improvement, and operating efficiencies to 
support margin improvement over the coming quarters.  
Our flexible packaging business delivered a strong performance during the year, with 
healthy capacity utilization across plants and the last commercialized line operating 
at optimum level. In the paperboard segment, the Chennai greenfield facility has 
scaled up steadily, supported by encouraging customer traction. The recently 
commissioned gravure cylinder facility at Silvassa has also ramped up well, 
strengthening backward integration, improving operating efficiency, and supporting 
faster turnaround for customer requirements. 
From a balance sheet perspective, the Company remains well-positioned. On a 
consolidated basis, Net Debt stood at INR 554.7 crore at the end of FY26, while 
leverage metrics remain comfortable, with Net Debt-to-Equity at 0.77x and Net Debt-
to-EBITDA at 1.75x. Importantly, our debt position is supported by the Company’s 
consistent operating performance, with EBITDA margins remaining within a stable 
range across several years. This provides us  with the flexibility to  invest in growth 
opportunities, operational capabilities, and sustainability initiatives while maintaining 
prudent financial discipline.  
In line with our commitment to shareholder value and our consistent dividend 
philosophy, the Board has recommended a dividend of INR 25 per share for FY26. 
This marks our 26th consecutive year of uninterrupted dividend payouts.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
Page 3 of 12 
 
During the year, we also made meaningful progress across innovation, sustainability, 
and people-focused initiatives. Innovation and customer-centricity remain key 
differentiators for TCPL, and we continue to invest in advanced technologies and 
future-ready packaging capabilities to address evolving customer requirements 
across FMCG, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, and consumer product 
segments.  
On the sustainability front, TCPL was awarded EcoVadis Bronze Medal in its debut 
sustainability assessment, placing the Company among the top 35% of companies 
assessed globally. We also formally became a participant of the UN Global Compact, 
reinforcing our commitment towards responsible business practices, ethical 
operations, and long-term sustainable growth.  
Our efforts during the year were also recognized through several industry accolades, 
as well as from several customers such as Marico Industries for Industry Best 
Practices, six honours at the SIES SOP Star Awards including the President’s Award 
for innovation and sustainability, recognition as a Most Preferred Workplace in the 
manufacturing category, as well as a Best Supplier’s Award from our customer 
Abbott.  
Looking ahead, domestic demand conditions remain encouraging. Our focus is on 
expanding our footprint, broadening our product portfolio, and pursuing new growth 
opportunities across businesses. Our strong innovation and new product 
development capabilities enable us to deliver differentiated, value-added packaging 
solutions, while close customer collaboration helps us align these offerings with 
evolving market needs. Together with a strong balance sheet, prudent capital 
allocation, and continued in vestments in capabilities,  we believe we are well-
positioned to drive healthy long-term growth and create sustained value for all 
stakeholders.  
With that, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rohan Kalle from InCred Research.  
Rohan Kalle: A few questions from my end. One is on the exports. So, throughout the year, it is 
been under pressure. In terms of your expectations for the coming year, where do 
you see things move on the export side? And in terms of regions, other than let us 
say the Middle East, are we expecting any of the other regions to meaningfully scale 
up in this year? That would be my first question. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Page 4 of 12 
 
Akshay Kanoria: Thanks, Rohan. Yes, so obviously this last year has been one thing after another. 
And currently, we are still goin g through the Middle East cr isis. But, of course, post 
the ceasefire, things have improved with some more vessels sailing and a little bit of 
improvement. But, the situation is highly uncertain and very difficult to have any 
outlook as such. So, we play things by ear and hope for the best. However, if it 
normalizes, then I think the bounce back will be quite quick. So, overall, we are fairly 
optimistic, whether it is the Middle East or outside of the Middle East, I think overall 
exports, we are fairly optimistic this year for some recovery. And apart from the 
Middle East, we are scaling up now in other regions like the UK, the US, other North 
American countries, as well as other European countries, and also some of our 
neighbouring countries, Africa, Southeast Asia. Overall, a lot of groundwork has 
been done over the last few years, which we are seeing some benefit coming in. 
Rohan Kalle: Understood. And on the domestic side, in line with your earlier comments, we would 
have done double digits this quarter as well. Do you expect that this momentum can 
continue going into FY27 as well? Any colour you can provide maybe on how you 
see the first half panning out? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so this first half specific, we cannot discuss much, but I will say generally 
speaking, momentum’s looking okay and we have no problem as of now in terms of 
the demand. But obviously, the cost impact or the impact on consumers from fuel 
price increases and rupee depreciation-led other inflation will play out over coming 
quarters, which will certainly have some impact on the demand. But as of now, we 
are seeing it to be okay. So, we do expect to have a good year for domestic as well.  
Rohan Kalle: Understood. And just a follow-up on the domestic side. If you could maybe call out 
an end industry which, maybe in the last two quarters, we have seen meaningful 
growth in on the domestic side? That would probably be helpful? 
Akshay Kanoria: It is fairly broad-based, not anything specific as such, and it is very customer-to-
customer sort of, it varies. I mean, it is not industry specific, I would say. There has 
been a lot of problem in the last few years with these seasonal products because the 
seasons are very difficult to understand nowadays. Planning has become very tough, 
with the climate change. We have unseasonal rainfall, then record high heat spells, 
then again unseasonal rainfall. So, it becomes a bit challenging on the seasonal 
front. But general-purpose categories are doing quite alright. 
Rohan Kalle: Sure. Just the last one from my end. In terms of margins, we would be now passing 
on price hikes, which probably in the last quarter we were not able to fully do. Where 
do you see margins settling maybe for the full year, if some outlook you could give? 
That would be the last one from me. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Page 5 of 12 
 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so I think we are quite comfortable. I do not think there is any serious pressure 
right now on the margin front because we are passing through increases as they 
come. But if these cost increases keep happening and this crisis gets prolonged, 
then it will be tough to further pass on any price increa se. So, we hope that this is 
where it ends. Then I think we will be okay. But so far, it is okay. But we hope it, this 
is where it ends. That is my point. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from RW Equity.  
Vipul Shah: First of all, congratulations on maintaining a very stable and solid profile in the quarter 
considering the situation the world is facing because of the Middle East crisis. Just a 
couple of questions. First is, our finance cost for the year seems to be pretty high 
considering the debt position which the company has. So, is there anything else to 
read into it because, despite the EBITDA showing a marginal growth this year, the 
interest actually has taken it down for the PBT and then the PAT? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, there was an MTM of INR 18 crore that we had to recognize due to the mark-
to-market adjustment on the ECB. So, that has driven the interest cost up. That is 
one of the reasons. But also, the absolute debt has not gone down, that has grown. 
I mean, on a standalone basis, it is grown. On a consol, it is come down marginally. 
But the absolute debt has not improved, so the absolute interest therefore is what it 
is. But on a ratio like debt-to-equity has improved substantially. 
Vipul Shah: Yes, I get the point. I just wanted to understand is that, this ECB which came up last 
year as well in some of the earlier calls. Is it fair to say that the borrowing is not fully 
hedged, and as a result, we continue to have exposure to euro currency movements? 
Akshay Kanoria: It is more of an accounting issue because the profit that you get from export you do 
not see in the cost, but the loss that you have on the notional loss, not even cash 
loss, on the total debt that you take, that you have to mark-to-market in the interest 
cost. So, it is not a cash outgo. That is my point and it is this year only. 
Moderator: The next question from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya Capital.  
Pavan Kumar: I had broadly three questions. One was regarding the margins. So, will we take a 
more calibrated approach going forward for RM price increase or these will get 
adjusted in the next three months? Secondly, what would be the capacity utilization 
for the Chennai plant as of now? And lastly, some update on Creative, how is it going 
on, how are we proceeding, and what is the update on that operations? 
Akshay Kanoria: On the margins, whatever we can pass through immediately, we are passing 
through. Whatever, as and when these increases keep coming in, one cannot have 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Page 6 of 12 
 
a running discussion with customers. Sometimes you have to calibrate them over a 
period of time. So, that is where one loses in an inflationary environment. But, as 
long as it stops here, I think we will be fine.  
Pavan Kumar: Do we have contract calls? 
Akshay Kanoria: It depends customer-to-customer. There is no rule of thumb. Yes. And as far as the 
Chennai is concerned, the we have more than 50% utilized now and the outlook is 
quite positive. So, we are quite okay, we have a lot of customer approvals that have 
just come through and expecting a good ramp-up now.  And as far as Noida is 
concerned, that has also done better this year and we see further improvement in 
coming quarters. So, it is steadily improving, slowly and steadily. Obviously, this 
current price impact on the raw material front is a challenge and on top of that, the 
electronics industry is struggling because of the massive increase in the chip prices. 
So, you would have seen in the news that, things like electronics volumes are falling. 
So, that is a headwind. But on the other hand, we have diversified into other areas 
of packaging, so that is helping us. So, overall, it is doing fine, I would say. Yes, so I 
think I have answered all your questions. 
Pavan Kumar: Yes, one particular thing I wanted to check. Exports, they are under pressure, but 
have we won any new customers through which we can make up or grow going 
forward in any new geography? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, we have, and we are quite bullish on several new geographies and we have 
entered into several new customers and we are also expanding further our export 
team. So, overall, we are quite positive and we feel that long-term the export should 
grow. But obviously, there are so many mitigating factors which one cannot plan for, 
like these wars and all that. We do not know what the timeline is going to be and 
every second week you hear about a possible negotiated peace which collapses in 
two or three days after that. So, we have no real way to say what is going to happen. 
But overall, export is a bright spot for us and we feel that long-term it will keep 
growing. 
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Vipul Shah from RW Equity.  
Vipul Shah: One question I had was, this quarter and the year, there has been a huge delta in 
deferred tax, which again has brought our PAT down because the tax expenses are 
pretty high. Any colour you would like to provide on, you know, why is there such a 
high deferred tax? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Page 7 of 12 
 
Akshay Kanoria: It is a timing difference mostly, I think. Just annualize it and see, do not go quarter-
by-quarter, I think. Overall, it is fine. 
Vipul Shah: Because, this is again one of the years where optically, the EPS is far lower than 
what it was in the previous year, which has not happened too many times in TCPL's 
history.  
Akshay Kanoria: I know, but like nowadays these accounting rules are very onerous and it is what it 
is. Overall, it will average out. 
Vipul Shah: Is this primarily relating to the investment in Chennai and the gravure facility? 
Akshay Kanoria: Mr. Dave you can answer that. 
Vivek Dave: See, the actual tax outgo is already reflected in the numbers. This is merely a timing 
difference that we are required to account for under the accounting standards. That's 
why the deferred tax appears slightly higher. However, on an annualized basis, the 
tax rate remains in line. 
Vipul Shah: No, I understand that, Mr. Dave. My question is, whether it is related to primarily the 
timing difference or was it related to our investment in Chennai and the gravure 
facility?  
Vivek Dave: I would say the overall capex that we have done during the year. 
Vipul Shah: Fair enough. So, it is pertaining to capexes only, right? That tax depreciation and the 
accounting depreciation? 
Vivek Dave: Yes. 
Vipul Shah: One more question, we earlier used to give on an annual basis the breakup of 
domestic and exports. Last year also we skipped that. I had mentioned that on the 
call as well. This year also is the same thing. Is that something which can be 
provided? Even if it can be provided offline, that will be fine. 
Akshay Kanoria: Okay, we will consider it. 
Moderator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya 
Capital.  
Pavan Kumar: Could you please comment on whether you are seeing any pickup in demand for 
recyclable films, or are customers still holding back? And on the Creative side, I think 
we have been stuck for two to three years. So, is there any attempts that are being 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Page 8 of 12 
 
made to actually scale this up to a profitable level? I understand we are at EBITDA 
break-even, correct me if I am wrong. 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, so I’ll let Vidur answer the recyclables. 
Vidur Kanoria: Basically, in the recyclable films, unfortunately, in India, for the domestic market, 
there has not been too much of a pickup because the Government-mandated EPR 
rules only designate the use of recycled content. They do not have any designated 
use of recyclable packaging. So, they focus more on collection and recycled content 
adoption, which is not the product line that we have invested for. But in any case, 
our production of recyclable films is up because we use it in export jobs. So, there 
we even sell film and we also do the final conversion, including printing and providing 
the final solution. So, the requirement is up because of export and there is good 
value addition there as a result as well. But the domestic market, which is obviously 
the bulk business of ours, they have not adopted it because there is an upcharge 
associated and the Government does not mandate the use of it as of now. So, we 
hope that it will happen in the future. But as of now, until the government does 
mandate it, it will not pick up significantly. But overall, the investment has done well 
and we had some machinery issues earlier which are resolved and the line is running 
well. 
Akshay Kanoria: And as far as Creative is concerned, last year it just about squeaked through on the 
EBITDA front, but this year there was a little bit further improvement and in coming 
year we feel that it will fu rther improve and hopefully we  can come to cash and net 
profit as well. And then we can start getting some actual return. So, it is scaling up, 
but a lot of headwinds have been there, which one by one we are addressing and 
we are diversifying customer base. So, it is improving further. So, we continue to be 
positive, but it was a long slog.  
Pavan Kumar: Okay. And the capex for this year, FY27, if you could outline what are the plans as 
of now? 
Akshay Kanoria: So, for the coming year, we have a capex which we are doing in our flexible 
packaging business because there we are running quite well-utilized. And in the rest 
of the business, on the carton front, our utilization is a little bit lower, maybe more 
like there is some good double-digit scope for further growth in the current capacity. 
So, we do not have any immediate major plans, but we are enhancing our factory 
areas in some of our plants. Like we are expanding the building and all of that, so 
we are keeping some scope for further expansion as the market further picks up and 
our volumes further pick up. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Page 9 of 12 
 
Pavan Kumar: Can you quantify it? Maybe if you can tell us how much? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, that would be about similar to last year, about INR 100-odd crore, I think, is the 
expectation. But again, like every year, we  do have the capability to expand faster 
and further as and when the market situation requires it. But, we are being a little 
calibrated in our capex this year considering all the headwinds and uncertainty. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Heta Vora from Monarch AIF.  
Heta Vora: I just have two questions. First, I wanted to understand whether, given the slight 
demand slowdown in some of the segments we currently cater to, such as 
electronics, along with the inflationary pressures in the market, we are considering 
expanding into any new sectors or customer segments within India. Or do we intend 
to remain focused on our existing clientele and end markets? 
Akshay Kanoria: Every year we are onboarding new customers and we are not sector specific. We 
are quite diversified in our customer and in the segments we cater. And we are 
constantly on the job when it comes to adding and developing new customers. And 
the good thing in India is that there are many large sectors that are emerging, and 
they are improving their packaging and scaling up their quality. So, there is demand. 
There is no major problem in terms of adding new customers. We are constantly on 
that job. We do not give specific detail about customers because obviously we are 
in a competitive environment. There is no use in shouting about all our customers to 
our competitors. But we add like more than one or two customers almost every 
month. So, that is a constant process. 
Heta Vora: All right. Understood. And sir, if you could just give us some understanding of what 
would be the revenue split from folding carton segment? 
Akshay Kanoria: Yes, we do not provide that, but our major segment is the consumer products, which 
is primarily FMCG and the food & beverage segment. That is our major segment, 
which is more than half of the business, is this folding carton category.  
Heta Vora: What is the split between folding carton and flexible packaging? 
Akshay Kanoria: Flexible is about 20%. 
Heta Vora: For FY26 as well? 
Akshay Kanoria: FY26, it has slightly increased from the previous year, but not like dramatic. 
Heta Vora: Sir, do we have any aspiration of how this split would shape up, say, in the next 3 
years between folding and flexible? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Page 10 of 12 
 
Akshay Kanoria: No such aspiration. We just want each segment to grow at a good double-digit clip 
and to do the maximum possible. So, ideally, we want the folding carton to grow as 
fast and the share then will be static. But it does not matter. As long as the Company 
is growing and each sector is doing well, we are happy. 
Heta Vora: Sure, sir. Understood. Just lastly on the margins front. I understand that FY27 could 
see some margin pressures because of certain factors that are beyond our control. 
But say for FY28, considering our Chennai plant will be at higher utilization and also 
our gravure cylinder facility may help with gross margins as well, can we expect a 
higher-end margin for FY28 if the geopolitical reasons were to not be a factor 
anymore? 
Akshay Kanoria: I cannot tell you what is going to happen in 3 months. So, I am not going to speculate 
about 1.5 years down the line where anything can happen, as we have seen. Who 
could imagine what can happened nowadays? So, we do not have any guidance. 
But overall, our margin scenario we feel is fairly okay considering all the 
circumstances and all. Obviously, if circumstances are better and the utilization is 
better, the margin will improve. But and if this war continues for another 6 months, 1 
year, then God knows what is going to happen. But ideally, if everything is going well 
and the Company is growing, obviously the margins will be better. But then we will 
also have new capex which we will be doing or some new project. So, we are not 
going to sit steady and we do not enjoy having less capex to do, is my point. We 
want more capex and more pressure on the growth. So, it is tough to give an outlook, 
therefore.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Managers.  
Resham Jain: Couple of questions. The first is we have seen paper prices consistently going up in 
the last 3 to 4 months, there has been a consistent increase. Are you seeing that 
momentum kind of breaking or the prices are consistently still going up? 
Akshay Kanoria: No, the momentum slowed and then it continued. So, it is still going up and 
particularly on the virgin board side, there is a big increase and even on the recycled 
board price, there is a steady drip of price increases happening. So, when there is a 
sudden increase of a very large magnitude, we find that it is better. But when there 
is a steady drip-by-drip increase, then it is more difficult because it is harder to pass 
through. Because you already negotiate and argue and you get the increase for the 
first increase and then by that time then the second comes around. So, that is the 
pain factor. So, we are seeing further increases in the anvil, but obviously these 
things are completely dependent on the global scenario which can change at any 
moment. So, we do not have an outlook as such. But yes, the pressure is still there. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Page 11 of 12 
 
Resham Jain: And does the anti-dumping duty on the board segment also result in higher domestic 
prices? 
Akshay Kanoria: It is not an anti-dumping duty, there is a minimum import price, MIP. MIP, so that is 
there, but that is going to expire in some time and then I do not know whether there 
is going to be a renewal. So, that does give the paper mills domestically some room 
for manoeuvre, but it is not like they are doing very well. They are also under a lot of 
cost pressure. So, I think some increase is inevitable. 
Resham Jain: Understood. The second question is with respect to your overall capex. I think over 
the last two years, actually, the last three years now, we have undertaken a fairly 
significant capex program of over INR 150 crore annually. This year, however, you 
are guiding for capex of around INR 100 crore. I recall that we used to undertake this 
level of capex even during periods when EBITDA was much lower. So, has there 
been any change in the capex intensity or any thoughts around this would be helpful? 
Akshay Kanoria: No, we are looking for more avenues and we would love to do more capex. So far, 
what we are planned or what we are telling you that we have planned is what is quite 
firm, meaning there is not much downward sort of direction to this. But we have a lot 
of initiatives which we are planning and as and when those get realized, then that 
will lead to further capex. So, we are certainly having the intention to do more, but 
right now, given the current demand scenario and all that, this is what is needed. So, 
as there is more need, we w ill do more capex. And it is more like a timing thing, I 
think. 
Resham Jain: Okay. And the last one is with respect to the capexes which has been done and 
which you are planning to do this year. Given that, most of it is Brownfield and more 
ramp-up will happen, do you expect any operating leverage to play out, especially in 
flexible given that one more line is getting added this year? 
Akshay Kanoria: In flexible packaging, it will take several months for the project to be completed and 
commercialized, which we expect by the end of the year. Until then, things should 
remain quite stable. Once the new capacity comes on stream, there will naturally be 
some temporary pressure on profitability as the capex gets absorbed. However, 
given that this will be the fourth line at  that unit, we do no t expect the absorption 
period to be very long. Thereafter, we should see a meaningful improvement, with 
operating leverage beginning to play out. The return on assets for the fourth line is, 
of course, expected to be better than that of the third line, and better than that of the 
second line.
 As for the other capex projects we undertook earlier, such as the 
cylinder and Chennai facilities, as I mentioned, they are still in the ramp-up phase. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Page 12 of 12 
 
Over the next one to two qu arters, we expect utilization le vels to improve further, 
which should provide an additional boost to overall performance.  
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Akshay Kanoria: Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. Should you need 
any further clarification or you would like to know more about the Company, please 
feel free to contact us or CDR India. Thank you again for taking the time to join us 
on this call. We look forward to interacting with you next quarter. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 