
===== PAGE 1 =====
BRANCHES: BADDI, NOIDA, MUMBAI, CHENNAI, HYDERABAD, AHMEDABAD, PUNE 
Processors of: Digital & Analogue Plates for Flexography, Letter Press, Corrugated Box Printing & U.V. Spot Coating  
Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
(Formerly Known as Creative Graphics Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd.) 
Corporate office: A-31, Sector-58, Noida- 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India 
Registered office: 3F-305, 3rd Floor, SSG East Plaza, Plot No. 1 & 2, 
Mamram Complex, Mayur Vihar, Phase-III, Delhi- 110096, India 
E-mail Id: accounts@creativegraphics.net.in, Mob:9560799003 
CIN: L22219DL2014PLC263964 
 
Date: 21-11-2025 
 
To 
The Head – Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Stock Code: CGRAPHICS 
 
Sub: Submission under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015- Transcript of Analyst/Investor Call  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the analyst/investor call held on November 19, 2025. The above information is 
also available on the website of the Company i.e. https://creativegraphics.net.in/home/analyst-investor-meet-or-
conference-call/ 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your records.  
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
 
Puja Arora Mehrotra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 

===== PAGE 2 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Analysts - Investors Meeting Recording 19 Nov 2025 
November 19, 2025, 10:00AM 
1h 14m 29s 
 
 
CS : Puja Arora Mehrotra  0:32 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am Puja Arora Mehrotra, 
Company Secretary. Warmly welcome you all on the behalf of Creative Graphic Solutions 
India Limited to our Investor and Analyst meet. 
This meeting has been organized to discuss the company's progress and future plans. 
 
Disclaimer: creative Graphics shall not be responsible for any action taken based on the 
statement made in this meeting. This may include forward-looking statements and the 
companies under no obligation to update them in the future. 
Before we begin, I would like to share a few guidelines so that we conduct this session 
smoothly. In the first part of agenda, our promoter will share the business updates. 
We request investors to kindly type their questions in the chat box. We will take them one by 
one. Please keep keep your question in a single clear statement so that it is easy to understand 
and respond.  
 
Now I would like to give a short and simple introduction about our company and our journey. 
Creative Graphics began in 2001, and since then we have grown steadily with hard work, 
innovation and education. With your support, we achieved an important milestone in 2024 
when our company got listed on the NSE Emerge platform. 
We work in packaging industry and are proud to be one of the leading manufacturer 
manufacturers of flexographic plates. 
In India, we always aim to provide the best to our customers. Our focus is on delivering high 
quality, custom made flexo plates with accuracy and strong quality checks. 
Our company also have two subsidiaries: 1. Warhen India and 2. CG Premedia.           1. 
Wahren India: operate in a pharmaceutical packaging segment. Wahren is trusted by many 
pharma companies for reliable and high quality packaging solution. 
2. CG Premedia: looks after packaging design, artworks, creation, mockups and digital 
prepress work. It play a key role in helping us provide complete packaging solution to our 
clients with the brief introduction. 
I am pleased to introduce the speaker of the today,  
 Mr. Deepanshu Goel- Managing Director and Promoter,  
 Mr. Pulkit Agarwal- Chief Financial Officer.  

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
They will now represent the unaudited financial results for half a year ended September 
25 and share that. 
Details about the company performance and future plans. 
 
deepanshu goel   3:32 
Thank you, Puja. Hi everyone. I'm Deepanshu Goel, Managing Director of Creative Graphics 
Solution India Limited. I welcome all of you to for spending time for our this meet of 
analysts and investors. So we we. 
Declared our results last week. I'm really happy to share that we have. 
Achieved a growth of more than 50% in sales with respect to the correspond bonding 
duration last year. As far as in the pad, we have achieved a growth of 33% with respect to the 
duration in the last year. 
We have also been trying. 
To ramp up our growth, we are also in the process of installation of our new machine, which 
arrived last month. That was a boss machine to announce the capacity of the existing plant for 
the old farm minister. Last year we had also. 
Take on over company's infrastructure, Radha Madha Corporation Limited of the PVDC line 
and the tandem line. I'm really happy to share that we conducted fair trial yesterday. 
And the last week and we plan to commence the commercial run by in H2. 
Also, apart from that, when it comes to creative graphics, we have started operations in 
Bangalore. We are ramping up our production there, meeting clients and getting a good, good 
inquiries and order book. 
As far as the Omar is concerned, we have already installed the machines there. Now we we 
intend to start the operation in the H2 this this year also. So please feel free to call to we are 
ready to take up any queries and Pulkit will take over. 
Pulkit. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   5:37 
I'm Pulkit Agarwal. I'm the CFO for this group of companies. I believe we have been 
speaking every six months now. We did well on the financial standpoint. Our growth was 
50% as Bimanjit you've mentioned. 
Compared to the last year, just to put things in perspective, a few years ago the group annual 
sales are 40 crores. Now we are doing 175 crores in six months. So we are really very near to 
the run rate of 1 crore in sales per day. That is a that has been a fantastic. 
Journey and I think this is only the start of the journey because many of our actions that we 
have taken over the last one year such as a new manufacturing PVCPVDC plant, a new 
tandem machine line. 
A new Alu Alu Uh capacity expansion, all of them are yet to show their Uh effect on the 

===== PAGE 4 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
financials. So, so that is that in terms of Uh our growth, we are growing from strength to 
strength. 
But also cognizant of the risks. So, so to mitigate risks, what we have done this time is that 
we have gone ahead and obtained a debtor insurance. This will help us be more confident in 
in approaching customers and starting new relationships. 
Which I think will continue to reflect in the top line. So that is that is about the financial 
update very shortly and we will be happy to take any questions that you might have. We will 
want to leave more time for question answers. 
So that all of your questions are taken care of, we can start question and answers now. 
Mhm. 
I request everybody to please put the questions in the chat. We will take them one by one. 
Deepanshu ji, the first question is for you. What is the capacity and revenue potential of 
PVCPVDC line and what is the capacity utilization of the 800 metric ton alu alu coil for H1? 
 
deepanshu goel   7:59 
Yeah. So when I will take it 1 by 1 when it comes to the existing world form minister plant 
which had a a capacity of total annual capacity of 8000 metric ton. I'm happy to share that we 
are they were able to achieve close to 75% of the utilization. 
The new capacity would be adding 1 1/2 times more of the capacity of the current capacity. 
So we are very hopeful to to achieve a good growth in this also. As far the PVDC is 
concerned, if we we consider the full capacities would be close to 1,000 tons. 
Per month, but we we intend to be, we hope that we'll be starting with a 10% of the capacity 
utilization to start with. I will be ramping up the business in coming months. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   8:57 
Thank you. The second question is from Kojito. 
Could you explain the margin outlook? We have not seen margins grow despite very strong 
sales. 
So this I will, I will answer this question. Our margins have been relatively stable in the 
flexographic business. In the Uh Voron business, Uh, we have been expanding aggressively. 
Uh, a lot of our sales are happening to very large customers. 
And the order book is now shifting towards large customers. This is something that we had 
mentioned to you as a strategy over our last calls. Basically when we started the business, we 
started with smaller, smaller customer customers and we have been growing into and 
approaching larger and larger. 
Customers, so to to gain market share in these areas, we have initially had to lower our prices. 
The second impact is from the very high increase in raw material prices. 
We at any point in time, our orders are always overflowing. So there have been instances 

===== PAGE 5 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
where we have had to absorb the very significant growth in aluminum prices. There is also an 
impact of the USD that has played out this time. 
Because of which margins have been impacted. 
We have the third question from Agastya. Again, it is regarding margins. We have already 
answered that question, Agastya. 
Agastya asks, um, if the Uh decline in margins is Uh, is it due to any sort of reclassification? 
No, there is no reclassification. 
What kind of CapEx do you see for the next two years? What kind of additional debt would 
you be comfortable taking on to fund the expansion? What will be the peak revenue after the 
entire round of CapEx is fully commercialized? Divanshui. 
 
deepanshu goel   11:14 
That's where the CapEx is concerned. We are not doing any CapEx expansion as of now. We 
are just consolidating what we have done in decent months and last year. So we would like 
to. 
Takes some debt I suppose to fund our working capital when whenever is required. So as far 
as capacity utilization is concerned, I will not like to give you the forward numbers. We we 
are getting very, very good inquiries and orders, so we are hopeful. 
To to utilize. As for the PVDS is concerned, we are being very conservative to give you the 
figure of 10% to start with. The other is tandem exclusion, which is also one of the game 
winner. 
We we have a good order in pipeline which is on to be converted. So the number I will not be 
able to give you as of now because that that would be a forward number. I'm not allowed to 
give it to you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   12:29 
Agastya also has raised his hand. Agastya, I'm going to unmute you. 
Thank you. 
 
Agastya Dave   12:40 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   12:42 
Yes, we will. 
 
deepanshu goel   12:42 
Yeah, that's good. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Agastya Dave   12:43 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Good afternoon. And the revenue numbers are really, 
really good margins you have addressed. So my question was not about forward numbers. My 
question was when you said that the new plant would increase the capacity by 1.5 X, So what 
would that transfer? So assume that. 
You can reach 100% capacity utilization somewhere down the line, right. What would that 
the product mix will change, your customer mix will change. So what kind of numbers are we 
looking at based on current prices if the entire capacity is utilized, I'm just trying to figure out 
the asset turnover ratios and. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   13:07 
So I. 
 
Agastya Dave   13:23 
Broadly the ROCS that you are working on. 
 
deepanshu goel   13:28 
A good question, August, the the current capacity and the additional capacity would give 
100% utilization. If we utilize 100%, that would be 20,000 tons. But if I take the nominal 
utilization close to 75 to 80%, so you can. 
 
Agastya Dave   13:39 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   13:48 
It would be close to 15,000 tons to 16,000 tons per annum and per KG cost is amount to be 
right now is close to 370 rupees a KG to to keep on rotating. As far as the margin is 
concerned we are. 
 
Agastya Dave   13:48 
Great. 
Right. 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   14:04 
Trying to add a lot many value added product. So that is because we're going to take it takes 

===== PAGE 7 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
some time to build the business and in pharmaceutical packaging there's a lot of lot of entry 
barrier so. 
 
Agastya Dave   14:08 
Right, right, right. Understood. 
I understand. 
Understood, understood. And Sir, the clarification for the second question that I had asked for 
the CAPEX. So for FY26 and FY27, Pulkajit, this question is more to you. Will we see any 
capitalization? So the gross block number, whatever you have on the balance sheet as of now, 
whatever you're published in? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   14:30 
Mhm. 
 
Agastya Dave   14:38 
H1 will that get added to during H2 maintenance CapEx? I'm just talking about like any new 
CapEx which happens over the next two years. Will there be any additional capital 
capitalization as of now? Again, Sir, plans may change. 
 
deepanshu goel   14:51 
Yes. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   14:54 
Yes, there will be some, some, there is some capex on the cards. As I said, we are setting up 
two factories. One of the factories is halfway through, the other is going to be set up because 
the machine was delivered only. 
 
Agastya Dave   14:59 
OK. 
Right. 
OK. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   15:10 
In October, so you can expect some capital expenditure to happen. 
 
Agastya Dave   15:11 
Great. 
Would it be like 50 odd crores for two years? 

===== PAGE 8 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   15:17 
I will not like to give a number, but I think it will be lower. 
 
Agastya Dave   15:21 
It will be lower, right? It will be low, OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   15:22 
So Augusta, we are not adding any more capacity as of now. So to maintain the current kind 
of a capacity to you to have a good utilization and to to make it runnable, there could be small 
CapEx which needs to be incurred. But as of now we are not even saying that we are totally 
no to this if we get some good. 
 
Agastya Dave   15:25 
Understood, whatever you have announced. 
Understood. Understood. 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   15:42 
We will definitely grab it, but right now there's nothing on cards to add new capacity. As if 
not, there's nothing. It's not required as of now. 
 
Agastya Dave   15:46 
But it won't be like, it won't be like 50 crores, right? 2525 crores. Not required. Not required. 
OK. Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity. All the best and thank you for 
doing the conference call. Thank you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   15:59 
Understand. 
 
Agastya Dave   16:00 
Sorry, yeah, thank you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   16:10 
The next question is from Anhar Rao. Could the management kindly explain a 10% reduction 
in Warren margins? Is it because of import duty or the rise in aluminum price which has been 
which we have not been able to pass to the client? 
Manhat, we have already answered this question. Yes, you are correct. Partly because of the 

===== PAGE 9 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
very steep rise in aluminum prices, we have to continue delivering the orders that we have 
already taken, because of which we have to hand. 
Absorb some of the impact of that. So our margins have been impacted. The other impact is 
the forex impact because of the rise in USD that has impacted. The second question from 
Manhar is our working capital has deteriorated in. 
H1FY26 compared to FY25 in past one pulse we have communicated anticipation of 
improvement having a 100 plus 100 day plus cycle and if we plan to reach 800 crores kind of 
scale next FY. 
That would need 200 to 250 crores of working capital against 100 crores in our books now. 
So what is the clear strategy here? Realistic growth which we are targeting with our balance 
sheet can can sustain. 
Manhar, on the working capital front, as I mentioned, a large part of our sales have started to 
come from the top 20 customer base that we have out of the 100 plus customers that we have. 
This was the strategy that we mentioned in past calls also. 
As we continue to grow, we will continue to nurture these relationships. These are some of 
the larger names in the pharma space and here because the size of the order is larger, you will 
continue to see a larger increase in working capital. 
The debtor days in most of the pharma space is 90 days. So we are seeing increase in our 
debtors specifically on the working capital front. We are yet to utilize the benefits of this 
larger customer base. 
So options are open to us in terms of bill discounting which we will continue to pursue and 
take benefit of in the future. The good thing is that this bill discounting facility becomes 
easier as your as your customers become AAA rated and plus. 
So we have to be confident that we will be able to manage our working capital that is. I think 
Manhar is also has also raised his hand. Manhar, I'm unmuting you if you have any follow up 
questions. 
 
manhar rao   19:02 
Am I audible? Hello. Yeah. So Sir, my question on the basically margin reduction is you 
have said that we have not been able to pass because of the earlier contract. So are we able to 
pass it now because Deepanshusar just mentioned that the price is 370. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   19:04 
Yes, you are. 
 
deepanshu goel   19:05 
Yeah. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
manhar rao   19:18 
And in our earlier calls also we are mentioning 370, so I'm not understanding. So it is 
basically a raw material impact and is it that we are able to pass right now and are these one 
one off margin 16% or there is a scope of improvement in these gross margins going 
forward? 
 
deepanshu goel   19:31 
Yeah. 
When I say 3670, I give you the lowest possible price. No, they're the different terms. So I 
don't want to when I'm calculating the forward numbers of the turnover, I don't want to give a 
very high number just because if I calculate on a sum price. 
So 370 is a is a is a cash price, right. So there has been a significant increase. We were able to 
get the price transferred from the customers. So definitely that that you will see the increase 
in the profit margins over a period of time. 
And there has been another issue which we had procured some we we were buying constantly 
from China and there was a anti ambiguity in post. So during that we we we had to pay some 
anti ambiguity or some container that has. 
Actually impacted margin for on a for a shorter period. 
 
manhar rao   20:29 
Just one more follow up on this, Sir, not asking any guidance, but in the first half we have 
operated at peak utilization, I think one of the highest whatever capacity we already have 
existing. So can the management give some understanding that inherently as a business 
model? 
What kind of bad margins can we make? Not what we will make, but what we can make 
because based on the competitors they are doing 8 or 9%. So just for understanding that 
inherently what the business model is if if that management can give some understanding. 
 
deepanshu goel   21:05 
So as far as the pad margin is concerned or you know initial days or when we are we are 
building the business whereas definitely our pad margins are lower than the competition, but 
I don't see any challenge that why can't we supersede the competition even though equal to 
that? 
 
manhar rao   21:22 
This one last question from my side is Sir, just need some detailed clarity on the working 
capital. Reason being is it looks to be we are a 3035% ROE or ROC business, but we have 

===== PAGE 11 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
explained our aspiration in other calls that we would like to grow at 100%. 
So how are we planning to clearly fund this gap? Because the numbers which I have stated is 
right now we have about 100 crores of net working capital input and we require 202 fifty. So 
there is a significant gap of 100 and 150 crores if we want to achieve those numbers so. 
Can the management like clearly try to share their business strategy here, like how exactly we 
are planning and how we can achieve those growth, especially now all these capacities 
coming live, that's it from my side. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   22:11 
So Manhar, in terms of the growth, what you're looking at is the peak state. This will not 
happen in a day. There will be a growth curve to it. What we are planning, we have limits 
available in our current. 
Uh lines that we already have new lines are also available from our existing lenders and we 
are yet to use bill discounting facilities. We our our plan is to use bill discounting 
aggressively as we move into the. 
Top tier customer base, those facilities are available to us and we think we will be able to 
manage with that. Also the businesses are generating profits. So we have internal accruals as 
well which we will hopefully be able to cover the scale. 
 
manhar rao   23:03 
Just one last thing, Sir, really sorry. Can we just share our mix of top 20 clients as a 
percentage of sales from let's say last year and what is it right now just to understand how the 
mix is changing? 
 
deepanshu goel   23:10 
To. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   23:13 
I don't have the numbers from. 
 
manhar rao   23:14 
Because we are using build as counting. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   23:17 
I don't have the numbers up front in front of me, but I can tell you that of the increase in 
debtors, almost 75% is to the top 20 customers. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
manhar rao   23:29 
OK, Sir. Thank you Sir. 
 
deepanshu goel   23:29 
So Manav we we we were able to add clients like Orbindo, Torrent and now we're to start 
with to so many other companies. So you will see there has been a definitely shift from. 
Uh, grade 2 customer to do grade one is top A plus customers. 
 
manhar rao   23:49 
Thank you so much, Sir, and congratulations for a good set of them. Thank you. 
 
deepanshu goel   23:51 
6. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   23:54 
Thank you, Mamat. The next question is a related question, Sir. It is to you, Deepansviji. 
Could you talk about the clients you are required in? 
 
deepanshu goel   24:01 
The phrase that grade one topic A+ customers is likely referencing a core theme or essential 
set of questions to deeply understand a customer. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   24:13 
The next question is from Kojito. Deepanshiti, maybe you can take it up. Could you talk 
about the clients you have acquired in Warren? You have not shared the list of new clients 
acquired. 
 
deepanshu goel   24:13 
It is. 
So, so we have been acquiring a customer on a daily basis, quarterly basis, monthly basis. 
There has been a huge number of customers we are approaching to. We were also able to 
crack some export deals. We are also in process of. 
Of getting some export big big export orders to convert it in our name and when it comes to 
the Gray day, I just mentioned we started working with our window we we are in the process 
of we we they have been. 
Laurent I just mentioned and there are also Strides and so many other companies which we 
are working with and we are also. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Participating lot many exhibition to export, so Target has been already 20% of the export and 
we just very, very hopeful that we'll be getting very soon the the continuous orders from the 
export source. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   25:40 
Thank you, Deepak. The next question is. 
From Jamsha. 
Jamin seeks a clarification on observation #56 and seven of the limited review report. Jamin, 
the observations are regarding. There are three observations that you are speaking referring 
to. The first one is regarding gravity. 
The second one is regarding MSNE and the third one is regarding a machine that has that is 
yet to be capitalized. So all of these are things that we are working on. The graduity 
provisions require us to make some changes. 
And get uh uh actuarial um audit done, which we will do in the due course. MSME uh, we 
are still working on and we hope that this will be clarified in the March numbers. The Third 
Point is regarding a machine that we had purchased and is not capitalized. 
This was with the consultation of our internal auditor. However, our statutory auditor has 
taken a different view. We will now work and reconcile both the views and hopefully this 
will be cleared in the mark set of numbers. 
Your second question is what is company's two year and five year vision including any other 
business expansion if any? Vibhanshudi, would you like to take this up? 
 
deepanshu goel   27:11 
Yeah. So we have been very clear when it comes to the vision of company. We we have a 
very aggressive growth plan. So we we would like to be the the leader in the pharmaceutical 
packaging center. So when it comes to the different diversification together there is nothing 
on card as it now we're totally focusing. 
Right now on to the packaging and our Creative Graphics flexographic business. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   27:43 
Good. 
Jamin's next question. Jamin has four questions. We've answered two out of them. The third 
question. 
Is. 
Can you please list key competitors of Warren? 
 
deepanshu goel   28:01 
So there have been now Warren was in a a linear space of cold from Bristol and the biggest 

===== PAGE 14 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
competition was RAM 12 when it comes to Indian competition and there's were. 
Alutek and ACG and and some part of back time also. So when it comes to the different 
product line now to our main competitor would be ACG, Bill care and back time. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   28:38 
The last question from Jimin is how much of the raw material cost increases actually passed 
on to customers? 
 
deepanshu goel   28:47 
So we were able to pass on almost 100% of the cost which was which got increased because 
of the change in the LME prices. So because there is a change in let's say 100 rupees of the 
prices the impact is on. 
The actual product is close to 50% of the cost. We could able to transfer that cost to the 
customer now. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   29:14 
The next question is from Pratham Agrawal. Based on our existing clientele and market 
demand, what kind of capacity utilization we can do for PVDC and tandem machine in FY? 
We definitely must have open orders. 
So based on those estimates, can you help us understand under base case what kind of 
capacity utilization are we targeting this financial year and next financial year? 
 
deepanshu goel   29:42 
So Pratham, there has been actually not open order with open inquiries. The customers have 
been waiting for us to start. There have been a continuous demand for submitting the 
samples. So we as a Warren are very clear that we would go to the market when we are 
confident in the quality. We have done the fair trial. 
And we are very, very close to to commercialize it. So as far as capacity utilization of Voron 
is concerned or sorry PVDC is concerned, we we as we see the pipeline we we are hopeful to 
have more than to start with just to start with more than our. 
10% capacity utilization, but that is the one thing which which is coming from the existing 
customers. We are not going very aggressively as of now. We are not going to the market 
until as we start commercialization. 
As far the tandem is concerned, we also we the the same story repeats here. Also there are 
also open inquiries that has been await for the submission of sample and we intend to do it. 
So we are taking very conservative approach. We just look at the number of 1010 to 15% at 
Max. 
To start with. 

===== PAGE 15 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   31:02 
Ratan has also raised his hand. Ratan, I'm unmuting you. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   31:09 
First of all, Sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. So just following on the question 
we just now answered. So according to my understanding, PVDCN tandem products goes to 
our existing clients and we'll be targeting new clients as well. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   31:25 
Yeah. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   31:25 
So accordingly this year, as you said, we can be doing 10 to 15% utilization. What can be 
utilization next year, next FY? 
 
deepanshu goel   31:38 
No, we we are actually looking at 7 to 80% of the utilization by the next year ending by the 
March ending before because yeah. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   31:47 
OK, OK. 
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So my second question is, can you help us understand what 
would be the gross margin, EBITDA margin and PAT margin for the PVDC line and 
similarly corresponding for the tandem line? 
 
deepanshu goel   31:53 
OK. 
No. 
Oh, Pulkit, can you share that? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   32:12 
We are not giving any guidance for the PVDC and tandem lines, but I can tell you that they 
are definitely higher valued products, higher in terms of gross margins compared to our 
existing al-value product. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   32:29 
Sir, I actually don't want any future guidance. It's more of to understand our business 

===== PAGE 16 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
potential and what we can do in PVC in tandem. So if you could just help me understand 
what kind of gross margin or EBITDA that will also work for me. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   32:44 
Gross margin should be in higher teens. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   32:49 
So when you say gross margin in high teens, that seems to be similar to LULU. So and we 
are saying that our EBITDA margin will be higher than LULU. So could you a little bit 
quantify on that? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   33:03 
Slightly higher. I said slightly higher, a few few percentage points higher. 
 
deepanshu goel   33:10 
Prasam, the mix in tandem is very interesting. There have been some structures which are 
which give you very, very high profitability and some are these, but we are being very 
conservative where we really don't want to raise expectation beyond this until. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   33:10 
Thanks. Thank you. 
 
deepanshu goel   33:30 
As we we have a good utilization of the resources, you will see higher numbers, definitely 
higher numbers when it comes to RMC costing. The difference between a gross gross profit 
is definitely going to be something back onto this, but. 
Slowly yesterday you will see increase in this. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   33:50 
Oh, got it. So, so just to follow up on my first question, when we say 10 to 15% utilization or 
PVDC capacity, do we mean on our full capacity of 12,000 metric ton or only the half year 
6000 metric ton if you could clarify on that? 
 
deepanshu goel   34:02 
Stop it. 
Oh, sorry, would you come again, Pratham? I couldn't. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pratham Agarwal   34:07 
So 10 to 15% utilization of our PVDC line on the full 12,000 metric ton. Is that so? 
 
deepanshu goel   34:10 
No. 
No, no, that is, yeah, yeah, for no, not for I'm talking about the initial months. I'm talking 
about the this financial year for the H2, not for the next year, next year definitely the 
utilization we have to ramp it to 70 or 80% of the utilization overall. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   34:21 
OK. 
OK. 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   34:33 
So that that is only for the current year. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   34:35 
OK. 
So, OK, so so so my understanding is 10 to 15% utilization on 6000 metric ton. 
 
deepanshu goel   34:47 
No, no, you have to. We are going to start in H2. If you see that you know current capacity is 
1000 metric tons. So we try to convert. We start with intend to start with 100 metric ton of 
the states to start with in few early months then we'll be ramping up the. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   34:47 
But. 
Oh. 
Yes. 
 
deepanshu goel   35:06 
Uh, see this. 
 
Pratham Agarwal   35:08 
OK. Thank you so much, Sir, for the clarity. And once again, congratulations on a fantastic 
set of numbers. 

===== PAGE 18 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
deepanshu goel   35:14 
****. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   35:15 
Thank you. The next question is from Sameer Mitha regarding gross margins, but we've 
discussed it already, so I'll just move ahead. Sameera, if you have, if you feel your question is 
unanswered, please raise your hand. The next question is from Sanchita Sood. What kind of 
experience do we? 
We have in the Allu Allu business. Can you explain if we have hired an experienced team 
from the market? 
 
deepanshu goel   35:43 
Definitely. I mean you have to build the team. The complaint cannot work solely there. 
There's a definitely team which is very experienced when it comes to production, when it 
comes to sales. In every organization, a team is team must and we have a very, very 
experienced team. 
The info show. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   36:07 
Also, we are now one of the few large players in this segment, so I think we have, we have 
developed enough experience in this segment now. 
 
deepanshu goel   36:18 
And also you know if you if you know some pharma companies and as an outsider because 
you guys are analysts, you would have some context try to find out how is the what is the 
reputation of Oren, they would they we we have a lot of respect over a shorter period. 
Owing to our commitment to the quality and service, so we will try to improve and on to that 
also in coming years. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   36:47 
The next few questions come from Tahir Hyderabad Bala. The first question is what is our 
capacity at the Noida plant for PVDC as it was expected to be 12,000 tons per annum by 
FY25. 
 
deepanshu goel   37:03 
It is still listening. Yeah, it is still listening. 

===== PAGE 19 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   37:03 
Kahir, we have already mentioned, yeah, Kahir, we have already mentioned the capacity. We 
are setting up the plant right now. So this capacity that you mentioned should come online in 
issue. 
The next question is on gross margins. I'm skipping it and the same on Warren. I'm skipping 
it as well. Sir, other financial assets show a sudden increase of around rupees 20 crores. This 
includes security deposits. Can you tell? 
What these deposits are for? So when we purchase material, Kahir, we have to open LCS and 
we have to make some security deposits for each LC and there are some other security 
deposits as well. So there can be electricity department security deposits, there can be so 
many others. 
All of those are combined in this number. 
I think Rahir has also raised his hand. Yes, Rahir, I'm unmuting you in case you have any 
follow up question. 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   38:10 
Hello. Oh, can you hear me, Sir? 
 
deepanshu goel   38:14 
Yes, you are. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   38:15 
We can hear you, yes. 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   38:15 
Sir, on the other financial asset like this number was around one CR in FY25, so it got 
increased by to 20 CR in H1. So that's why I asked the question. So what are these I need to 
understand if you can provide some brief on that? 
Start again. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   38:36 
So this is mainly, um, so you're talking about the other assets, right? 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   38:41 
Other financial assets, yes, Sir. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   38:45 

===== PAGE 20 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Other financial assets, yes. So these are security deposits and there are also some provisions 
for expenses. 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   38:54 
OK. OK. Thank you. And Sir, what are our expected growth rate for said on the H2 business 
because when we see our warrant business is growing faster rate compared to flexographic 
business? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   38:56 
OK. 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   39:12 
OK, can we expect the same in the H2 also? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   39:15 
Yes, definitely. Warren will continue to grow faster than the pixography business, primarily 
because we are stepping up the pedal. We are pressing the pedal hard on Warren and a lot of 
new capacity is going to come online in H2. 
Part of that, a large part of that benefit is going to come in the next financial year. Depending 
on how quickly we can bring the facilities online, you will see some impact in H2 also. 
But that will depend on uh variety of factors. 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala   39:48 
OK. 
OK. OK. OK, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   39:54 
Thank you. The next question is from Sanchita Sood. Any margin outlook for FY26 and 27? 
Sanchita, we are not giving any outlooks. 
Samira, Mida, how are we going to benefit from PVDC and tandem machine line? How will 
they add to revenue and markets, Vivanti? 
 
deepanshu goel   40:20 
Can you come again? I could not understand the first part of the question. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   40:23 
What is the benefit of the PVDC and tandem line and how do you expect them to add to 
revenue and margins? 

===== PAGE 21 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
deepanshu goel   40:27 
Yeah, so. 
So you know this is this is a synergetic business to our existing world from business. It is 
making a full basket and is given access to a lot many companies which were earlier a little 
bit resistant when it comes to pharmaceutical companies. The anti barrier is big and this 
product mix has given us. 
Access. There have been a huge number of inquiries and we think that with the right basket 
of the product, we will be able to lower the cost of marketing with the same kind of 
marketing person we are able to sell to the same companies and more more of volume. 
So with the same set of customer, we will be having much more revenue. Secondly, it will 
also no, it will start the new branches of the revenues for us. So we are very, very enthusiastic 
when it comes to the different lines of. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   41:24 
Thank you, Nikanthji. The next question is from Raj Shah. So I heard from industry people 
Hindalco created some supply destructions for aluminum as it is major RM for walling. Did 
we face any problems and how we are safeguarding ourselves as we? 
Will require it in big quantities going forward, etcetera. Raj, we are not going to comment on 
other companies. All I can tell you is that the aluminum prices went up very sharply for us 
and we are taking all possible initiatives. 
To mitigate that in the future. Deepanshuji, do you have anything to say? 
 
deepanshu goel   42:06 
So when it comes to supply chain disturbance, we have not faced anything as of now. We are 
one of the preferred supplier in the preferred supplier list of Indarco now for the product of 
80210 which is specially for the and with the kind of increasing growth. 
We we they look forward to us to to buy much more material, but we are definitely taking 
other measures to mitigate our risk to to get our cost of material in check. So we are taking all 
that kind of measures not to be dependent on supply for sure. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   43:00 
The next question is again from Tahir Hyderabadwala. What is the expected growth rate for 
the next half for both Warren business and printing plate business? 
I think we've answered it. We will move ahead. 
The next question is from Gaurav Kotari. Entire increase in revenue over last H2 has gone to 
receivables. Any comment on that? 
Gaurav, you're right in asking this question. As I have mentioned, a large part of our sales 

===== PAGE 22 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
have happened towards the later half of the H1 and most of these sales have happened to the 
largest of our customers. 
So a lot of these receivables will start to bring results now. Also we have taken a debtor 
insurance, so we are taking all prudent steps to cover our risks, but we expect that the 
receivables will continue to increase as we. 
 
deepanshu goel   43:59 
And. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   44:05 
Continue to ramp up sales to these customers. The second question is cash flow from 
operations remain negative. Any comments on it and by when can we expect the company to 
generate positive CFO? So Gaurav, we are continuing in. 
Pressing the pedal on growth and each month our sales is higher compared to the previous 
month, which means that the database continues to grow as I answered as part of your 
previous question. So we expect the cash flows from operations to be negative. 
For a while as we continue to increase the sales momentum, this will start plateauing once all 
our facilities are on. 
 
deepanshu goel   44:55 
Uh, so Rasha wants to say something. Can you allow uh him to? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   45:02 
Yeah. 
 
deepanshu goel   45:02 
Pulkit. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   45:04 
Raji, you are unmuted. 
Raja, please ask your question. 
Mr. Raj here. 
 
Raj Shah   45:27 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
deepanshu goel   45:29 
Yeah, I know. Yes, bro. 

===== PAGE 23 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   45:30 
Yes, now, yeah. 
 
Raj Shah   45:33 
Yeah, Sir. So I am from Ahmedabad and I got to know that a player got bankrupt in pharma 
packaging business because of excess capacity and other reasons. So and here customers are 
waiting for us to set up the line. So what are we doing different? 
 
deepanshu goel   45:49 
You have to name the customer. 
 
Raj Shah   45:51 
I don't know the name of the company. 
 
deepanshu goel   45:56 
Raji, this is a very different question because in every field people are getting bankrupt. A 
bank, you know the series of banks, lot of bank got bank it up and a lot of bank like HDFC, 
they have been minting money. In every field you will find a bad player and you will find a 
good player. You cannot generalize. 
I really don't know who was the player, what was the strategy, what was the price gross 
margin they were operating. It cannot be question of supply and demand curve for sure. If 
somebody has been investing in the CapEx and there has been a continuous increase in the 
sales, then definitely there is a demand. 
 
Raj Shah   46:21 
No, no, sir. 
OK, OK, got it. So Sir, I read that tandem is for backward integration. Tandem is like 
integration line. It will not add revenue. So am I right or am I missing something? 
 
deepanshu goel   46:36 
Oh. 
Where did you read this, Sir? 
 
Raj Shah   46:57 
Hello. 

===== PAGE 24 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
deepanshu goel   46:59 
And where did you read this? 
 
Raj Shah   47:01 
Sir, I read it online when I was researching about Creative Graphics. 
 
deepanshu goel   47:07 
So there are so many plans, but nothing has been concrete as of now. If there is something 
then we will definitely come up with all the updates. 
 
Raj Shah   47:17 
So, so so does tandem line uh adds to the revenue or it is a backward integration like it is a 
assembly line? 
 
deepanshu goel   47:22 
Well, I I definitely I it is not a but it is a different product line altogether in the same 
pharmaceutical setup. So if you see there's a port form, this is a sachet. If you see a different 
sachet and different product mix, this is the same buyer, the different product. 
 
Raj Shah   47:33 
OK. 
Oh, got it. And Sir, you have told that with coming times you are very bullish on flexographic 
business due to EPR norms becoming stronger as the year passes. So can you brief on that 
like what is the industry structure or is flexographic plate manufacturing a crowded area or a 
niche area? 
 
deepanshu goel   47:52 
No. 
 
Raj Shah   48:00 
Uh, what are the entry barriers? What is our right to win? Basically reasons that makes you 
very bullish on this business. 
 
deepanshu goel   48:07 
You're right, when it comes to flexography, you know I've already described so many times, 
but once more there are different types of packaging printing. The flexography is the 
worldwide the most eco friendly, the most economical and the fastest growing segment. 

===== PAGE 25 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Largely in India, it is still at a very, very low level of penetration when it comes to closely 
91012% of the penetration with a with a different technology which is Grabio and Grabio is a 
very toxic kind of a technology which uses lot of plastics, lot of toxic inks. 
So with not not many countries apart, there has been a lot of ban. The technology itself has 
been banned and even though it has been restricted to to very few numbers. 
So India is bound to grow, grow when it comes to flexography. As we have into flexographic 
printing plates, we have built our largest infrastructure base across all over the India. 
We are very, very foolish that with the growth coming with the EPR norms are going to be 
stringent, there will be definitely steep growth will be seen into the flex and graphics sector. 
 
Raj Shah   49:35 
OK. And my last question is, uh, what is PVDC realization per KG? 
 
deepanshu goel   49:40 
So that amount should be 240 to 350 rupees KG depending on the specifications and different 
structures. 
 
Raj Shah   49:56 
OK. Thank you. 
 
deepanshu goel   50:06 
Should I? 
Oh. 
Unmute. 
Any further question Pooja, can you see? 
 
CS   50:27 
Yes, Kremesh want to ask what are the key reason for deferring the Alu Alu segments ramp 
up to S2? 
 
deepanshu goel   50:37 
Ganesh, we we had ordered the machine last year from Bob. They have taken some time. 
There was some technical change. We have received the machine last month. That is the only 
reason for getting it delayed. 
Delete and now we have started the installation process. Uh, we we are looking forward to 
integrate into the production line very soon. 

===== PAGE 26 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
KRIMESH   51:02 
Hello, can you hear me, Sir? 
 
CS   51:06 
Yes, gramish, yes. 
 
KRIMESH   51:07 
Hello. 
 
deepanshu goel   51:08 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
KRIMESH   51:10 
Yeah. So, so what would be our realization and alu alu and so is the trend of this realization 
going up or is it going down? 
 
deepanshu goel   51:25 
The realization is dependent on so many things like if you see if a profit margin wise you're 
seeing then it the kind of customers we are getting is going to be higher than the previous one 
and when it's going to the total cost of realization, it depends on the cost of the raw material. 
Also, I'll not be able to forecast the poster with as of now. 
 
KRIMESH   51:49 
Yeah, but Sir, what would be our current real average realization for the value value? 
 
deepanshu goel   51:55 
So that is, you know, different period and different procedure. We generally the lowest is 
right now is 370 to 430430 rupees a KG depending on the. 
Volume depending on the some value added product, depending on the credit and all these 
kind of parameters. 
 
KRIMESH   52:20 
OK. And Sir, how quickly can we ramp up this PVDC and PVC and tandem lines? 
 
deepanshu goel   52:30 
Well, I I just answered this question that you know we have so many inquiries. There are you 
know open inquiries, but we we have to submit so many samples. We are keen we we we just 

===== PAGE 27 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
want to wrap it as soon as possible to be honest. 
Because it adds directly to our revenue system and as an entrepreneur this is the one of the 
most important task I have right in mind to to get it working as soon as possible. So within 
this as as I said that we have taken a conservative number of 10 to 15% but. 
In the next year we have to make it a 7 to 75% of the utilization in the next next year, FY 
6/26. 
 
KRIMESH   53:14 
And Sir, what would be the capex for the woman facility? 
 
deepanshu goel   53:21 
The the CAPEX has already been done. There is no new CAPEX is intended as of now. The 
whole of the CAPEX has been done. It is with the different sources. We have shifted some 
machine from here itself and we have record new machine from there so. 
Uh, it would be in a gross block of four to five. 
 
KRIMESH   53:42 
And what would be the capacity and when, when will the production start from that plant? 
 
deepanshu goel   53:51 
To production we we have done the installation, but after the installation there are some 
calibration and everything processes to be done. So we intend to start this capacity. 
As early as the middle of the next month. 
And as far as the capacity is concerned, we we have a capacity of close to. 
10 million square centimeter per month. 
 
KRIMESH   54:24 
OK. And So what is our nameplate capacity? 
 
deepanshu goel   54:31 
Which capacity, Sir? 
 
KRIMESH   54:32 
Name Name plate capacity. 
 
deepanshu goel   54:36 
What is that? I'm sorry, I don't understand. 

===== PAGE 28 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
KRIMESH   54:42 
Yeah. 
So uh, you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   54:45 
Where is asking? 
Total capacity of plexography business. 
 
KRIMESH   54:47 
Yeah. 
 
deepanshu goel   54:52 
OK. That would be, I'll have to see the number, but still we are at a 6570% of the capacity 
utilization. The flexographic business is not about the 100% utilization, it's also about it is 
match of service and the product. 
So still we have a speed capacity of 30% with the with the with the existing capacity and with 
the new capacity build up we are going to add more capacity for sure. So capacity is not a 
blockade here. 
 
KRIMESH   55:26 
OK. OK, Sir, in terms of revenue, which will be more lucrative to us like PVDC or Allu Allu 
business? 
 
deepanshu goel   55:38 
Sir, to be honest, as an entrepreneur, you know this is a product list. Every business which 
gives a good stream of revenue and continuous profit is good. There would be always a mix 
of mix and match of the product. As if now PVDC has a higher profit. 
For sure the lowest working capital as a product itself is cheaper than because it doesn't have 
any metal into it. So if you see the percentage by the profit is much higher in this, but we as a 
as a company looking forward to have a mixed match of the different products to to have a a 
better marketing profile. 
And find what a total basket of the products. 
 
KRIMESH   56:21 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it. 

===== PAGE 29 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   56:26 
Thank you, Grimesh. 
 
CS   56:30 
Next question from Ronak, what kind of capacity utilization can we do in our work for FY27 
and what kind of exports are we are targeting on the entire 20 KMT capacity? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   56:46 
Ronak has also raised his hand, so I'm unmuting you, Ronak, in case you have any questions. 
Some of your questions have already been answered, but anyway, I'm unmuting you. 
 
Raunak   57:02 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. So my question is this for me the what what kind of 
capacity utilization can we do in LULU for FY27 and what kind of exports are we targeting 
on the entire 20,000 metric in capacity? 
And could you also shed some light on the working capital cycle and the margins of the 
export side of business compared to the domestic side? 
 
deepanshu goel   57:31 
So when it comes to capacity utilization of the extended capacity, we we are hopeful despite 
in addition to the current capacity utilization of the 70 by 80% of the current capacity. 
We will be able to add 30 to 40% of the capacity utilization of the new capacity to start with 
in the financial year by 27 and working capital cycle. Pulkit, please you explain. I suppose 
you have explained, but explain. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   58:06 
Yes. So in terms of, in terms of exports, the working capital cycle and both margins will be 
better compared to the domestic business. The margins are expected to be better by at least 4 
or 5%. 
 
deepanshu goel   58:06 
One more time. 
No. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   58:23 
The working capital is better because all our exports are against LCS which can be 
discounted or against an advance. So we expect a very healthy contribution in terms of 

===== PAGE 30 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
working capital as well as profitability from our exports. 
Post. 
 
deepanshu goel   58:45 
Also as far as the export numbers are concerned, we have look at a minimum of 20% of the 
share of exports to a total revenue in FY27. 
 
Raunak   58:46 
And. 
And this 20%, Sir, is on the 20,000 metric in capacity. 
 
deepanshu goel   59:04 
No, no, the the total capacity, I will say that we will try to, we will take some time to fill the 
full capacity of the second machine. But I'm talking about that we are looking to at least if 
you say by the numbers 150 to 200 tons a month. 
 
Raunak   59:05 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   59:21 
Of the exports in by 27. 
 
Raunak   59:25 
OK, Sir. And my second question is we have done good growth on the flexu side in H1 given 
that we we were already at good capacity utilization and we have communicated that it is a 
10% kind of growth business. So now we have two new facilities. So what is the maximum 
revenue we can do from here? 
 
deepanshu goel   59:45 
I'm from Oman in Bangalore. 
Ask him from the Oman or Bangalore. Pulkit, I could not understand that question. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   59:54 
Yeah. His question is how, how much, how much revenue, how much maximum revenue can 
we do from Oman and Bangalore? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:00:03 
So as I said, there's a 10 million capacity per month. So depending on the size because the 

===== PAGE 31 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
selling price are much higher than what we sell it in India. So in in numbers I can say we can 
have a. 
Outlay of uh uh in Indian rupee. I'm not talking about the Riyan which should be uh 2024 
crore rupees per annum. 
And that's a 70% to 60% in Bangalore, 60% of the that in Bangalore. 
 
Raunak   1:00:29 
OK. 
Yeah. 
And Sir, what can we do for the entire flexo business? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:00:44 
What can be? 
 
Raunak   1:00:45 
What can be achieved from the entire Plexo business as a whole? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:00:52 
Well, I will not be able to give you the against forward guidance as we have already 
explained that the new capacity, the the, the utilization, what is going to be utilization in 
coming months so. 
Will not be possible to give you the exact numbers. 
 
Raunak   1:01:10 
Sir, I'm talking about the capacity in numbers, total capacity in. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:01:11 
Sir. 
Total capacity. 
 
Raunak   1:01:18 
Yes, a capacity in Namaz. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:01:23 
OK, this voice is still, can you take that question? 
 
Raunak   1:01:28 

===== PAGE 32 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
I'm talking about the from your capacity. What is the revenue potential from the entire 
capacity? Not the guidance for future, but the. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:01:29 
Oh. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:01:29 
I am also not clear what the question is. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:01:43 
But I I tell you I I reiterate again that when it comes to flexography, it is not about capacity 
utilization. That would always would be very difficult to utilize 100% or 90% or 80% of the 
capacity utilization because. 
 
Raunak   1:01:44 
Peak revenue potential from the Cap City. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:01:58 
This is more of a service based company. There is a there is a kind of a CapEx which we 
have started not based on the the capacity to increase the capacity but to to provide the 
service and the the product from that site. It is not about capacity utilization. 
Ronak. 
 
Raunak   1:02:23 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:02:24 
But if you. 
 
Raunak   1:02:26 
Yes, so please wait. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:02:31 
So as far as the the growth is concerned, we don't need to add any capacity to take care of the 
future growth for the the same kind of branches we have to increase the capacity, it's not 
required. 
 
Raunak   1:02:49 

===== PAGE 33 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
OK, Sir. And Sir, how does Lexo compare to Gravier in terms of cost advantage for short run 
or the longer? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:02:59 
So this is a long question. I suppose we are left only with 2-3 minutes because we we we if 
you can write us a mail we will definitely reply with the full detail with the with the cost to 
cost analysis of the different processes. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:03:03 
Yeah. So Ronak, Ronak, maybe we can take your other questions only. 
 
Raunak   1:03:18 
OK, Sir, thank you for taking up my questions. Congratulations on a great set. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:03:24 
Thank you. We have a a couple of hands. Uh, I'll unmute. 
Maitri has been waiting for a while. Maitri, you are unmuted. 
 
Maitri   1:03:37 
Yeah, hello. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:03:39 
I'm a three. 
 
Maitri   1:03:39 
Yeah, hello. Most of my questions are answered. Just a few clarifications. Firstly, on the 
tandem, what capacity are we adding? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:03:45 
Oh. 
So tandem is the capacity is different. Actually I'll not be able to give you to be honest, the 
exact capacity as far as square meter or tenet is concerned, but as far as the numbers are 
concerned, I can tell you that. 
Because it's a mix of different product, like if you see the different structure, maybe it's not 
like full form instead of PVC, PVC, the same product we can manufacture right from foil to 
paper to pad to so many other depending on the it's three layer, four layer to describe the 
capacity would be difficult. It will be totally dependent what kind of a client we are going to. 

===== PAGE 34 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Raunak   1:04:12 
Hello. 
 
Maitri   1:04:20 
Mhm. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:04:23 
But in coming month, but I I can say there's a huge demand of that kind of a product given 
that there are very limited as far as the competition is concerned, only one pack time is 
having this. So there is a huge huge curiosity and inquiries. 
 
Maitri   1:04:24 
Mhm. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:04:39 
Based on this product of us, so it will not be appropriate for me to give you the right number 
or the the amount of tonnage we can do out of it because this is a totally different product 
mix. 
 
Maitri   1:04:55 
OK, OK, got it. Also from the cold form we are adding, so the cold form total capacity is 
going to be 20,000 metric tons and the capacity from PVDC is going to be at close to 12,000 
metric tons and we are planning to kind of scale it up to 75 to 80% both of those capacities by 
next year. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:05:09 
No. 
Yes, yeah. 
 
Maitri   1:05:15 
That's the expectations. So I won't ask you for a guidance, but just sort of a forward-looking 
statement probably. Are you expecting to add more capacity going forward because this is 
going to sustain our growth for next year, but then the year after we would need more 
capacity going forward. So is there capex in? 
Plan on both the cold farm and also on the PVDC side. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:05:38 

===== PAGE 35 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
So Mathri, to be honest, we have not taken that kind of a decision as if now we will see when 
it we we when we cross the bridge when it comes. As if now we are just trying to convert that 
kind of a capacity into the revenue. So when we see there is a sustainable demand. 
Depending on so many conditions of the long market and what is the next kind of revenue 
stream, then we will decide then and there. We have not decided as if now that what will be 
the next step after that utilization of the cold farm crystal. 
But there are so many things in mind like we may, we may have a we may have a different 
product and you'd like to because we see lot many advantages and we also mitigate the risk. 
We see a lot of traction when we get a lot of product into our work. 
 
Maitri   1:06:12 
OK. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:06:28 
So not depending on the one product only, not forcing sales through only one product, we 
would like to have a a mix of the products with the same kind of a client. 
 
Maitri   1:06:40 
OK. Secondly, on the plexography, so you said that we. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:06:43 
Madam, Madam, Madam, we have two more hands raised and we are already overshooting 
the time. I will request you to please. 
 
Maitri   1:06:50 
Just two questions. Is it OK if I just ask two questions? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:06:54 
The. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:06:54 
Ma'am, we are OK. 
 
Maitri   1:06:55 
Yes, so sorry. Just secondly on the other flexography side. So you said that we have a 24 
crore revenue like optimum revenue we can get from Oman and close to 60 crores from 
Bangalore, is that correct? 

===== PAGE 36 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
deepanshu goel   1:07:10 
No, no, 60% of this, 60% of that capacity may be, I would say 1415 crores from Bangalore. 
 
Maitri   1:07:19 
OK, 14 to 15 guys. And secondly, now that we are entering with these large clients, do you 
still expect to provide them at a lower cost and impacting our margins or are we seeing some 
increase in realizations going forward with these large clients as well? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:07:36 
So Mathri, this was a intended strategy to start with. When you go to a larger house, the 
ultimate is high, then we have to offer a price which is a little lower than the the competition 
to enter. Then when they start then going growing the volumes, then they definitely the 
product margin, the profile improves. 
And with the with when you enter into a large company then you get the advantage of 
supplying to different product means the different value added product but we are going to do 
right now. So it is it is actually to the 10 strategy to to enter into a. 
A big client by initially by unloading the price range in pharma sector and after that to 
capitalize that reaction relation with lot many goods and revenue. So I hope that we'll be 
improving the revenue although. 
 
Maitri   1:08:29 
OK, so. 
Over the time, OK. So we do, so we do expect these 12% margins to sustain for next half as 
well because we're also ramping up new facilities. So those pressures will also be there. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:08:32 
Margin. 
Yeah, definitely. 
 
Maitri   1:08:45 
So this 12% is sustainable. We won't go below these, is that correct? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:08:49 
It should be, yes, it should be. We should. 
 
Maitri   1:08:51 
OK. OK. Yeah, that is it from my side. Thank you. 

===== PAGE 37 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:08:54 
Thank you. We have two more hands raised. I'll just unmute you. Amit G Amit Mahendali. 
Please ask your question. 
Wenji, we are unable to hear you. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:09:20 
Yeah. 
Let's unmute. Uh uh. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:09:29 
Yeah, we have. We have. Rina Gadkani also has raised her hand. Rinaji, please ask your 
question. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:09:34 
Also. 
 
reena gattani   1:09:37 
Yeah. Hello, Sir. Am I audible, Sir? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:09:39 
Yeah, you are, you are. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:09:40 
Yes. 
 
reena gattani   1:09:42 
So Sir, one thing I wanted to ask Sir, your other expenses as I can see in H1 it was only 
around 8% and in the earlier it was around 11 means it was higher, it was much higher than 
the H1 so. 
You know, will you be able to mention the reasons for it and in edge to how much of the 
other expenses are we expecting? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:10:11 
Our other expenses are mostly fixed costs and we expect that as the revenue increases, the 
fixed costs as a percentage of revenue will continue to go down. I cannot give you what 
percentage this will be in H2 because then that will mean. 

===== PAGE 38 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Effectively I have given you a guidance for H2, but you can expect that that this percentage 
wise uh it will continue to go down as we increase our Uh top line. 
 
reena gattani   1:10:40 
Yes, but our additional facilities will also be there in that too. So I mean the other expenses 
might increase from here, no. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:10:49 
In absolute basis, yes, but there is still increase expected in terms of top line. So you will 
continue to see a reduction in absolute numbers. Obviously the other expenses will increase 
as the size of the business increases. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:10:58 
OK. 
 
reena gattani   1:11:06 
OK, Sir. 
And so one more I just wanted to ask Sir, as you have earlier said your aspiration is to you 
know 100% you want to grow and in the H1 we have you know the we have thrown it at the 
rate of 55%. So for the food financing. 
Still here. How much are we expecting, Sir? Will be, will we be able to, you know, 100% 
will be able to grow? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:11:39 
Our aspiration remains same energy, but we intend to definitely keep on improving at a 
higher pace and with our capacities coming over, we hope. 
To supersede what we achieved in the first time, but I let's let's be very positive, so. 
Oh, that is, that is our outlook as of now. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:12:07 
Aspiration is the same, Manu, but that does not mean that it will be a straight line from 1/4 to 
another. Over the next 2-3 years, we continue to hold ourselves to the same aspiration that we 
have already. 
 
reena gattani   1:12:24 
OK, Sir. Thank you very much, Sir, and all the best. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:12:26 

===== PAGE 39 =====
                                                              Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. We have two more questions. Both are related. The first 
question is do we plan to raise any capital in the next two years? And the 2nd is how do we 
see our debt levels in the next two years? 
 
deepanshu goel   1:12:44 
So capital, as if not, there has been no plan, but if it is required, we'll definitely won't shy to 
take any decision. And as far as the debtors are concerned, they're going to rise because the 
business is going to. 
Increase its remaining, so definitely the data's will go higher. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal   1:13:09 
Yeah, I think. I think we have answered most, if not all questions. I hope we have answered 
all questions. In case any of your questions are unanswered, please feel free to write to us at 
CS at Creative Graphics dotnet dot in. We will be happy to. 
Take up your queries. With that, I think we would like to thank all of you for your continued 
interest and support in the business and for taking out your valuable time to hear about the 
progress of your business as well as our plans for the future. With that, I think we can 
conclude this meeting. 
Would you? 
 
CS   1:13:50 
Yes, Sir. Thank you everyone for your trust. Thank you so much. 
 
deepanshu goel   1:13:55 
Thanks everyone for your continuous support as a company. We would always look forward 
to have a positive growth to look at the shareholders interest and we can assure you. 
That as a in Creative Graphics we we you take very positive decision in coming years. Thank 
you once again. 
 
 stopped transcription 
