
===== PAGE 1 =====
Registered & Corporate Office:  Tel: +91 (022) 6174 0100 
Huhtamaki India Limited   CIN: L21011MH1950FLC145537 
7th Floor, Bellona,  www.flexibles.huhtamaki.in
The Walk, Hiranandani Estate,   
Ghodbunder Road, 
Thane West- 400 607 
Maharashtra. 
October 20, 2025 
Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code - 509820 
The Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol – HUHTAMAKI
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call for the 3rd quarter ended September 30, 2025.  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
This is further to our letter dated October 15, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of the unaudited financial 
results for the 3rd quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings 
Call, for your information and records.
The same is also available on Company’s website at https://www.flexibles.huhtamaki.in/
Kindly take the same on your records.  
Thanking you, 
For Huhtamaki India Limited 
Abhijaat Sinha 
Company Secretary & Legal Counsel 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17
“Huhtamaki India Limited 
Q3 CY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 15, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: M R. DHANANJAY SALUNKHE –MANAGING DIRECTOR 
–HUHTAMAKI INDIA LIMITED
MR. JAGDISH AGARWAL –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –HUHTAMAKI INDIA 
LIMITED
MODERATOR: M S. APARAJITA CHAKRABORTY –ICICI SECURITIES

===== PAGE 3 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 2 of 17
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Huhtamaki India Limited Q3 CY '25 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aparajita Chakraborty from ICICI Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Aparajita Chakraborty: Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining on Huhtamaki India Limited Q3 CY '25 Results 
Conference Call. We have Huhtamaki India management on call represented by Mr. Dhananjay 
Salunkhe, Managing Director; Mr. Jagdish Agarwal, Executive Director and CFO. 
I would like to invite Mr. Dhananjay to initiate with opening remarks, post which we will have 
the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Thank you. So greetings, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. This is our continuous 
endeavour to engage with the investor community, and we continue to do that. And I could see 
the optimism today that we have a call this immediately after the announcement of the results, 
and I could see that many of you have joined. So let me start with, first of all, wishing everyone 
of you a very Happy Diwali, the festival, which is considered of lights and happiness, which is 
starting in next week. So Happy Diwali from our side to everyone in advance. 
Coming to the business presentation, I also would like to start with our Safe Harbor statement 
that whatever we discuss today is not going to be impactful for any future performance of the 
company. So with this, let me give a quick brief about the performance of our company for the 
last quarter, that is quarter 3, 2025. 
And you would have seen also from the announcement that we continue to have a volume which 
are on the lower side. However, there is a significant increase in the margins as compared to 
previous year as well as previous quarter, which is largely supported by the favorable sales mix 
and the excellent work being done in the operations side, on the productivity and efficiency 
improvements. 
So all in all, while the net sales is slightly lower year-on-year, but we are seeing now momentum 
building up due to various factors quarter-on-quarter. But overall, EBITDA is having a very 
good strong momentum as compared to previous year as well as quarter-on-quarter. And my 
copilot, Jagdish, will definitely explain it in future slides how we are doing that in a sequential 
basis. And both EBITDA and a good margin improvement is already seen -- reflected into the 
PBT as well as the EPS. 
So with this, I would like to hand over to Jagdish, our CFO and ED for a detailed discussions. 
Jagdish Agarwal: Thank you, Dhananjay. Good evening, everyone. Let me begin by extending my warm wishes 
to everyone on this call for safe and joyful Diwali, which we celebrate next week. As a festival 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 3 of 17
of lights, Diwali symbolizes hope, prosperity and happiness. I hope it brings all of that and more 
to you and your loved ones. 
As always, I'm pleased to walk you through the company's financial performance for the quarter 
and 9 months ended September 2025, along with some insights into how we have fared over the 
last 9 months. When I talk about volume, volume for the quarter remained broadly stable 
compared to the preceding quarter, though declined relative to the same quarter last year. 
A similar downward trend is observed in the 9-month period ended September 2025 with 
volumes lower than the corresponding period in 2024. Revenue for Q3 2025 stood at INR6 
billion, marking a 4.7% decline compared to INR6.3 billion in Q3 2024. However, it reflects a 
modest growth of 2.2% over INR5.9 billion reported in Q2 2025. 
For the 9-month period ended September 2025, revenue totalled at INR17.9 billion, down by 
3.2% from INR18.5 billion in the same period last year. Now talking about our profit before tax 
for the quarter and before exceptional items, surged to INR492 million, a 3.5x increase over 
INR143 million in Q3 2024. Compared to Q2 2025, in that we've reported PBT of INR331 
million, it rose by approximately 50%. That's a very, I'd say, the strong performance what we 
have seen in the last many quarters. 
And even if you look at the EBIT percentage, which is in Slide number 7, which we have 
uploaded on our website for investor presentation. If you look at the sequential EBIT for last 5 
quarter, a 3% EBIT we have in Q3 2024 against 3% we have in Q4 2024, 6.3% we have in the 
first quarter of this year, which is the March quarter, 6.1% we have in June quarter. 
And in September quarter, we have reported 8.6%. So it's a very good story if you look at from 
that. And probably this is the first quarter, September, in the last so many quarters where our 
EBITDA is more than 10%. 
To sum up our financial performance so far this year, although our overall volumes are lower 
compared to last year, the impact on revenue has been minimal. And not directly proportional, 
our strategic decisions choosing where to play and optimizing our product and customer mix are 
showing strong results with a steady improvement in profitability quarter after quarter. 
We are focused on a high-quality business and refining our product and customer portfolio to 
support profitable growth. On the manufacturing front, our long-term efforts to implement 
world-class operations are paying off. We have seen real improvements across our sites with 
better efficiency, reduced cost and tighter control on overheads. 
We have also benefited from the global expertise of Huhtamaki's plants, helping us enhance our 
process further. The results will speak for themselves, and this progress is by dedication and 
hard work by the entire team. On regulatory side, our recent market report suggests that 
upcoming GST reforms could boost growth for FMCG companies. For Huhtamaki India, there 
are no changes in GST rates on the supply side, only a minor change on the procurement side. 
Moving to other financial aspects. The finance costs remained stable throughout 2025, consistent 
with the underlying debt levels. Surplus cash was deployed into bank deposits and mutual funds, 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 4 of 17
generating an average yield exceeding 6%. Net profit for the quarter, after exceptional items and 
income tax, stood at INR368 million compared to INR117 million in Q3 2024, and INR249 
million in Q2 of 2025. 
Earnings per share for the quarter, post exceptional items, is INR4.87. For the 9-month period 
ended September 2025, net profit after exceptional items and income tax was INR879 million, 
up from INR763 million in the same period last year. It is important to note that in 2024 figure 
included INR27 million net of tax as an exceptional income from the sale of two land parcels in 
Thane. EPS for 9-month period stood at INR11.63. 
Regarding the debt and liquidity position. Liquidity position, the debt-to-equity ratio remains 
stable with an ECB of INR1 billion being the only debt in the books. Liquidity continues to be 
strong, supported by substantial unutilized credit lines and minimal exposure. The working 
capital position also remains steady with negligible movement compared to prior periods. 
Before I close, I want to take a moment to express my sincere appreciation to all our stakeholders 
for the trust and support you have extended to me over the past few years. I was entrusted with 
the responsibility of leading Huhtamaki India's financial performance during a challenging 
period in early 2022, and I'm proud of the progress we have made together. 
As many of you may know, I'll be stepping down from my role towards the end of the next 
month. It has been an honor to serve as a CFO during the time of significant change in growth. 
I leave confident in the company's future -- I'm confident in the company's future. Huhtamaki 
India is well positioned to scale new heights, guided by a dynamic leadership team and supported 
by a strong talent pool across all levels. 
I wish Huhtamaki India continued success and sustainable growth in the years ahead. Thank 
you. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Thank you. Thank you, Jagdish. I think we have been together last 12 quarters, and you have 
been, as I said, co-piloting the journey together, and you are going to be sorely missed in this 
journey. Let me also take quickly on the sustainability part and how we are going there. 
So, I think apart from the financial performance, I think one of the also important milestone what 
we saw in quarter 3 of this year was that quarter 3 was incident-free quarter for us. I mean we 
call it a golden quarter where I'm really proud that we do not have any lost time incident in the 
last preceding 90 days in any of our sites. 
And as you know, we have nine locations and 10 sites and then three offices. So we are really 
going in a right direction when it comes to safety in our premises, and we want to continue on 
the same. 
We also continue to make a progress on renewable energy. We are continuously making progress 
on reduction of water consumption and then doing best possible actions to support the 
communities where we operate. So overall, there is a good progress in last quarter on these areas, 
which are also important from a Mother Earth's point of view. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 5 of 17
So, thank you. And now I will hand it over back to the moderator to open it for questions. 
Moderator: We'll take our first question from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, when we look at the overall flexible packaging industry that is growing at around 11%, 12%, 
I believe out of this, somewhere 9%, 10% should be the volume growth also. So why is 
Huhtamaki not getting that volume growth? We are again, I think, compared to last year, we are 
flattish only in terms of volume. 
Like for CY '25, we will be ending, I think, at the flattish volume level. What is that thing -- like 
why are we not getting volume growth, first? Second, sir, you had mentioned that this quarter, 
there was a sales improvement. So, this blueloop brand earlier, like what was the share in last 
quarter of that fiscal and what is the current share? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  So good question. I think we have two questions in one. So first of all, you would have read the 
commentary about the flexible's volume growth, which is like higher single-digit elsewhere. But 
if you also go to the next level of data, what you will observe, that growth is coming in from, I 
would say, duality. So duality is basically there is a small regional players are growing faster 
than the large either multinational or Indian players. 
So volume growth is at, I would say, very low-priced products, and that is where the lot of 
commoditization is there. So when it comes to what we offer and what is our focus area is 
basically where we want to play, and that is where we are focusing on. So yes, there is a short-
term challenge in terms of apple-to-apple volume growth. But at the same time, if you look at 
our overall product mix and the overall margin management, I think that is something which we 
are currently focusing on. But of course, there is a room there. 
The other side, you also asked about the blueloop contributions. So I think as we continue to 
make a good progress on that. At the same time, the percentage-wise, we would say that it's 
somewhere still hovering about 27% to 30% range. And here, then I would want to also like to 
inform you that when we make change towards the blueloop brand, many a times, it's going to 
be a replacement volume of some existing recyclable product or new.  
So we do not see immediate uptick in terms of the volumes coming in from a blueloop surpassing 
the 30% mark immediately. But I think that's what we are striving together with our customers. 
Aditya Khetan: Got it. Sir, the sequential dip in your employee and other expenses, that there's a sharp dip of 
15% in employee cost. I think the gross margins are largely flat only, when we look on a 
sequential basis. So what has led to this dip in your other cost? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  So I think during the presentation, as Jagdish mentioned, we have been really focusing on 
productivity improvements and the operational efficiencies in our plants, and also not only in 
our plants, but across the company. And those improvements are clearly now giving the results 
to us. So on a, I would say, flattish volumes, we are able to actually generate better productivity. 
Aditya Khetan: So this is a structural change? Like deep in your cost is a structural change and not a temporary 
phenomenon that you've highlighted? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 6 of 17
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  I would tend to -- yes, I would tend to agree with that. The structural changes are definitely there, 
which are basically here to stay. 
Aditya Khetan: Got it. And sir, just one last question. This quarter numbers, how sustainable you feel this will 
be in a span of for the next two years, how sustainable these numbers are? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  Look, I mean, you are into the so market and look, two years is a long period. I'm not sure how 
can we predict two years future because things are changing every, I would say, month. So what 
I would say that if you look at our past performance of last 2 quarters to 3 quarters, I think there 
is a good sequential improvement.  
And if you see last quarter and this quarter, I think you can make your own judgment about the 
sustainability of this performance. And I would tend to say that this is really a good thoughtful 
process where we know now where we want to play, how do we want to play, and we are really 
confident on that. And Jagdish also have some additional comment on that. 
Jagdish Agarwal: Yes. So when we talk about like are these structural changes or temporary? So definitely, what 
is the project which we are driving from the last one, one and a half years, those are coming into 
a line right now. So we believe that most of the programs on the cost reductions, optimizations 
and all are going to remain.  
The question is that how we are going to focus on improving our growth on the top line as well. 
So all these things can then improve even further. So our endeavour is that how we are going to 
sustain and improve further. That would be our endeavour on these numbers.  
Specifically, when you spoke about employee cost, employee cost in this quarter, we do have 
one-off item that because of that, there is certain reductions, but that's not a big number. So more 
or less, we are going to have an improved cost structure. 
Aditya Khetan: But how much of that cost would be one-off cost? 
Jagdish Agarwal: It's around -- if I have to put a number in the range of around INR4 crores to INR5 crores. 
Aditya Khetan: INR4 crores to INR5 crores? Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Raman KV: Can you hear me, sir? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
Raman KV: Sir, my first question is with respect to the finance cost. You mentioned that when we look at 
your balance sheet for the quarter, profit and loss basically, the finance cost has reduced. I just 
want to understand, is this because of reduction in the interest rate? Or is this because of 
reduction in debt? And what's our current debt and at what interest do we have? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 7 of 17
Jagdish Agarwal: So it is a reduction into debt. If you look at the last year -- start of the last year, we had INR2 
billion ECB. And out of that, one instalment of INR1 billion we have repaid into September '24. 
And in this year -- started off this year with a INR1 billion ECB only. So it is a reduction into 
the debt only. 
Raman KV: So this INR1 billion, is this in rupees or? 
Jagdish Agarwal: INR1 billion repaid. Total INR2 billion was there last year, INR1 billion was repaid into 
September '24. Now we have outstanding of INR1 billion, INR100 crores. INR100 crores is 
outstanding as of date. 
Raman KV: Okay. And sir, my second question is with respect to the volumes. Can you give us any volume 
figure? 
Jagdish Agarwal: Generally, we don't discuss very specific and all, volume and all, but definitely, we had some 
reductions or drop into the volume. And again, sometimes we are just choosing a right mix and 
right business also to ensure that we don't compromise on the bottom line. So sometimes it's a 
conscious call. 
And sometimes like Dhananjay explained, that if you look at even competitions, what kind of 
players, especially regional players and the small players are -- even in FMCG space, if you look 
at the small players are having higher growth compared to the big, biggies and all. So that reflects 
into flexible companies as well, but I think we are going very cautiously and very conscious 
calls which we are choosing to have a right mix. 
Raman KV: And sir, my third question is with respect to the product mix, which you mentioned that the 
margin improvement was partly because of change in product mix. Sir, can you just explain me 
with respect to that, how are the margins for the sustainable packaging blueloop brand versus 
tube laminates? And during the quarter, how much share or how much percent of the revenue 
was from exports? And are the exports margin better and by how much, if you can? 
Jagdish Agarwal: So I will not talk specifically margins on domestic and export, but definitely, export proportion 
is higher in September or even in the first 9 months compared to what we have in the last year. 
So that's a healthy sign for sure. When you talk about blueloop, blueloop remain range bound 
within 27% to 30% kind of a range we have. So I've not seen a much change into that what it 
was last year, what it is in this year. 
Raman KV: Blueloop is 12% to 13% margin? 
Jagdish Agarwal: No, no. I'm not talking about margins, I'm talking about the total blueloop sales is between 27% 
to 30%, and it has not changed. It is more or less similar we have in the last year as well. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Lakshminarayanan KG from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Sir, just want to understand what is your client mix in terms of national firms like Unilever and 
then second, the local firms and third is the B2C firms. And the reason I'm asking is that have 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 8 of 17
you taken a call to actually exit certain categories so that you can actually have -- you talked 
about better mix.  
So I think it's in the context of what is your mix of revenue from the different set of people? And 
second is I want to understand your exports, how the exports is growing for this year with respect 
to last year? And the third, I want to understand what is the mix of value-added products for the 
last 9 months? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Okay. I think you were too fast. So last two questions, I could catch. What was the first one? 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Sir, first question, see, you always mentioned that there is a mix of national firms like let's say 
Unilever, etcetera. And then there are -- where things happen by reverse auction, where the cost 
is actually highly controlled and our margin is little. Second category is the local firms or maybe 
regional firms.  
The third category is all the B2C firms like Britannia or Paper Boat, right? So if you look at the 
pyramid, there are these three categories of firms. Now have you changed your revenue mix to 
these kind of categories? And what has been your revenue mix? And is that leading to a better 
margin is my question. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. So clearly, the revenue mix has been changed, clearly. That's -- you are right. When you 
talk about the customers, typically, we don't talk about the individual customers, but the 
stratification what you shared is actually a right stratification. But at the same time, it's not about 
-- not everyone is exactly the same philosophy, right?  
So what we do is basically we identified what are our strengths as a company and what are the 
solutions we have available and how we are solving those pain points of our customers with a 
service mentality and highest quality. And that is where we call it as a sweet spot. 
So we do not really look at, oh, we want to only talk about the only MNCs or large players, no. 
It's like, in all the pyramids, we look forward for the opportunities and match our strengths with 
those opportunities. And that's why the revenue mix has been improving better, okay?  
What happens also is that once you identify that, then we are looking at this allocation of our 
resources and focused efforts on that. And that is why we are able to -- you are able to see that 
there is an overall cost reduction in terms of employee cost and all others and productivity.  
So all across it benefits because you are focused, you allocate your resources on the right 
opportunities, and that is what customers are able to resonate and reliable -- see that we are the 
long-term partner for them. So that's the overall on a revenue mix. 
On value-added, so that's what value-added versus or non-value-added, of course, whatever 
business we do, it adds value to us. So typically, that's what we will continue to do. And the mid 
question was on the? 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Exports. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 9 of 17
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. Exports, yes. So I think exports from a product mix -- sorry, business mix point of view, I 
think it's steady or slightly improving because of various reasons. And I think that is the focus 
area for us also going forward, because there are certain pockets of opportunity keeps on 
emanating because of what's happening around the world. So in last at least quarter and previous 
to that, I think we are seeing that there is a good tractions on the exports sales development. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rohan from Golden Money Investments. 
Rohan: Yes. Sir, I want to know about in 2025, any new products added in the blueloop section of the 
main product portfolio? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Well, new product development is one of our key focus areas always. So if I have to remember, 
I mean, there are so many, but I think there are good development happening on blueloop area 
and they are on a high barrier structures. So we have introduced very high barrier structures, 
which are getting resonated in -- particularly in personal care sector. That is one. 
Second, I think there is also a very good strong introduction of products in paper base. While we 
do not have a facility to do paper coating, etcetera, but we have in Huhtamaki other locations 
who have expertise in that. So we coordinate with them and then have introduced certain paper-
based products this quarter, and these also are getting really a good response from the customers 
who are conscious of this recyclability and sustainability. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipulkumar Shah: Congratulations for very good set of numbers. So my question is with this GST reduction, 
volume of FMCG companies are likely to increase. So are you seeing any early signs of that in 
your discussions with the clients? So some color on that will be really very helpful, sir. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. So I think as you are observing the trends, we are also closely working with our customers. 
And what we saw and let's say, GST announcement in the first week of September and then 
some clarifications in the mid and then actual implementation in the last week of September. 
So September was kind of a bit of uncertain month because they know many of the customers 
had to put hold on to the printing, etcetera. But I think after that bit of early uncertainty, we could 
see that there is a good traction. And whatever our customers are informing us, we can inform 
you that they see a positivity on the consumption side. 
Second positivity also is -- which is a good news, is that even after this reduction -- price 
reduction on account of GST, the end consumer is not still dropping their ticket size. So what 
they are doing silently, basically, they are going for a premium product. 
So I would say now there is an upgradation of products by consumers, which was actually a 
trend of a down trading in last couple of years. I think we could see that now there is a trend 
possibly might reverse to the upgrading. And which both these two, consumptions as well as 
premiumization, shall help the FMCG companies to really go into a growth mode, which 
ultimately will be helpful for the packaging companies. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 10 of 17
Vipulkumar Shah: So from what you are seeing today, volume growth should be better in this quarter as compared 
to last quarter or corresponding quarter of the previous year, sir? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: I would say, yes. 
Vipulkumar Shah: And lastly, sir, can you comment on the margins for blueloop portfolio vis-a-vis rest of the 
conventional portfolio, how they -- I mean, what is the difference between the margin for the 
two? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: So first of all, I mean, we do not really discuss the margin profiles at a, I would say, product mix 
level. And that is one. Second, if you see a huge investment has been made by Huhtamaki 
globally as well as in India for this recyclable products. And right now, if you see, we are 
working with all our customers to kind of introduce these products. 
So at this moment, the start-up costs, the start-up wastages and all other costs are at least on a 
very high side. And that's why -- and that's been absorbed by us to really make sure that we 
really participate in the larger cost, which is introducing the recyclable laminates in the 
ecosystem. So at this moment, I would say, in fact, it's more challenging for us than actually 
making better money because we are into a transition stage. 
Vipulkumar Shah: So what will be the length of this transition phase, sir? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Well, it depends upon various factors. And one of the important and key factor is basically the 
regulatory landscape, right? And then if you see with respect to Indian regulatory landscape, I 
think still a lot of clarity need to evolve as against or as compared to the developing market or 
developed markets elsewhere, I think there are crystal clear clarity about how they are going to 
approach the recyclability or sustainability. So that will be one of the important aspect like what 
regulations are going to come in. And that will clearly decide the speed of the change. 
Vipulkumar Shah: So till now, what would be our capex to introduce this recyclable blueloop range? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: So I think you have to probably do this yourself by examining our previous announced results. 
And I think you can clearly make out how much money we have invested there. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Merisis Advisors. 
Harsh Shah: Yes. So when can we expect any volume growth, say, maybe 2, 3, 4 quarters going ahead? Can 
we expect volume growth going ahead from the company? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. I would say so. 
Harsh Shah: Okay. And in what range? Can you give a broad range? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Really, it's not -- it's difficult to give, but I think the idea is to at least grow with the industry or 
the market. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 11 of 17
Raman KV: Yes. My question is, I just want to understand the total addressable market with respect to the 
two products which we cater. One is the blueloop, another one is the tube packaging. And again, 
on the margin front, our -- on a ballpark number, what will be the margin difference? Like I just 
want to understand which is the better margin business? Is the tube lamination a better margin 
business or the currently blueloop a better margin business? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Well, it's very difficult to put a number because what happens the blueloop products are 
complexity, difference -- different complexity versus tube laminate, different complexities and 
they consume different set of raw materials and all. So I think it's very difficult to put number 
on it.  
But at the same time, look, whatever -- as you asked about the addressable market and this -- so 
whatever business today, we are trying to continue or focus on, we have a strong hope and 
anticipation that those are the areas where it will grow. And I think we can see that tube laminate 
is definitely one of the area where it will be having a growth because that the underlying trend 
is essentially moving from rigid to flexibles and plastics, I would -- flexibles plastics. 
So tubes provides a very good alternative to move from rigid to that one. That's one. Second, I 
think when the small FMCG players, it's very -- they want to keep their product portfolios and 
offerings in the marketplace very nimble and I would say, fast changing. And I think tube again 
give that option to them. So I think that product portfolio is definitely attractive one. 
And blueloop is, I would say, the investment for the future. Like when you hear our purpose and 
Strategy 2030, we want to really convert all the product portfolio 100% to the recyclable and 
blueloop is the vehicle to go there. And right now we invested in last 2 years. We are into a 
transition phase and that also shall offer us. And we consider that as an attractive industry -- 
sorry, attractive product portfolio. So that's something which we want to continue to focus. So 
rest assured that both are attractive as well as futuristic. 
Raman K V: Thank you, sir.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Lakshminarayanan KG from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Yes, few question. If you look at last year or the previous year, there has been a bad summer 
because of which we had challenges in our margins and our sales, but this year, despite summer 
not being pretty good, we managed to have sustained good margins. Can you just help me 
understand what percentage of our portfolio is exposed to summer and how we actually 
withstood this challenge? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. I think, look summer or no summer. So let's say this way, we have a wide range of portfolio. 
So what happens? If there is -- and that's, I think, I would say, a resilience of our company is 
that we operate into a vast range of the industry and it helps us to actually mitigate the challenges 
which are from a weather related. So let's say, if we have extended summers, there are products 
which are going into a beverage industry, which are basically sell more. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 12 of 17
Now if we -- summers got -- and then ice cream related stuff really get kind of into the market. 
Whereas if that doesn't happen, something else comes in, which is basically again in a ready-to-
serve or ready-to-eat kind of a category. So I would say we have a really good, resilient product 
portfolio.  
At the same time, the summer-related portfolio definitely are more demanding in terms of their 
requirements, the changes. So that is something which we have kind of over a period of time, 
kind of have understood well. And I think that's how you can see that there is a bit of a better 
performance there. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Got it. And what is the mix of liquid versus non-liquid and has it changed and that is also leading 
to a better range in margins? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: We don't really monitor liquid and non-liquid per se. I'm not -- I'm afraid I'm not understood if 
I have misunderstood it. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: No. For example, if you have paper boat, which is your packaging, which is liquid and then 
versus you have a cornflake, which is solid, I mean, dry items inside. And I understand that the 
barriers are important for the liquid versus the solid. In that case, whether we will be supplying 
-- I presume that we'll be supplying higher-value products for liquid. And if so, has that actually 
changed for us and that is also leading for a better margin? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: I don't see much change. Only thing what we could see that pouching, I think there is a good, I 
would say, traction happening. Because, as I said, customers and -- our customers and end 
consumers are going for a premium product and which are basically on a liquid. Like, let's say, 
in laundry or home care, I think we are clearly seeing that there is a subtle change happening in 
terms of consumption pattern.  
And those products are, I would say, high value addition because it adds a couple of more 
operations or a couple of more value-added steps. So that clearly is seen that there is uptick 
there. Other beverage, I may not be able to -- because that's not we differentiate. But look, we 
definitely focus on food and beverage. So food is most likely we say -- as you said, it's a solid. 
Beverage, mostly liquid.  
And I think both of our -- are attractive market segment. Within food, then we have at least 
another three subcategories, which is culinary and then dry and then wet, then ready-to-drink or 
ready-to-eat or ready-to-cook. So I think these are the four, five areas.  
In beverages, again, you can imagine cold and hot and coffees and so on. But coffee typically 
would be, again, powder. So, that's where there is a bit of overlap. But I would say both are 
having their own, I would say, structures. And from a structure point of view, I would not say 
because end of the day, they are both considered as a food. So we have to follow all the, I would 
say, these BSR and FSSR regulations. So from there, I don't see much differentiation. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: And if I look at -- sir, if I look at your last 20, 24 quarters, right, and I think we have been 
showing very, very consistent margin for the last 3 quarters, right? Now can you be specific as 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 13 of 17
to what actually led to this? Did you vacate certain spaces? Or I mean, of course, there will be a 
combination of various value engineering things you would have done. 
But this has been a stupendous thing over the last 20, 24 quarters I've been tracking. So, what is 
that specific thing? Can you just elaborate on two or three key things which you did, which was 
not done earlier, this has actually helped you to be so resilient? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  Yes. I think as you rightly said that we took a position like where to play in last few quarters ago 
and how to play. So where to play is where is the Attractive segments and how to play is basically 
how do we allocate our resources and focus, account management, etcetera, etcetera. And that 
is clearly now consistent, which is helping us to have a better favorable sales and customer mix.  
The second better one is basically the -- now if you see last two -- three quarters, I think overall, 
you know, the indices are stand with stability on a raw material side. While we pass on all the 
benefits which we get on the raw material side to our customers, because we have a very 
transparent agreements with our customers. But at least what happens because of that stability 
is that there is a focus is basically on efficiency improvements. 
So, the stability in the raw material helps to give some more visibility to our end customers. And 
then we focus on improving our operational efficiencies. And then as the structural changes what 
we have done on overheads, that is helping us in last three quarters. 
And I think whole credit goes to our world-class operations team who relentlessly works across 
our plants with the help of global teams. I think they have really some good stupendous ideas to 
take cost out, which we actually have to do investments and we invest in that. And I think those 
are -- the investments are actually paying off in a big way. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: And do you think this is something which is sustainable? This kind of is something which has 
been quite internalized and all your KRAs is all linked to this now? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  I think so. Yes, yes. I think so. So as I said, we invest into operational improvements. So now 
once you invest into something, that remain for the future here, right? So now, next year, 
possibly, there may not be an incremental benefit, but that today, whatever benefit we are getting 
now will continue to be in the P&L. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: Got it. Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from Smifs Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Sir, you mentioned regarding the GST rate cuts could -- if the 
consumer do not down trade, so that could benefit FMCG players. Sir, any sense if you can give 
for flexible packaging, how this relates to a positive side? Like any improvement in volumes can 
you attribute this to? And how this -- and how the consumer behaviour will change? Secondly, 
compared to this quarter, how you see the next quarter results backed by this announcement? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 14 of 17
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  Yes. So as I said, I think consumers upgrading is basically was in the last months or maybe first 
week's newspapers. I think we kind of resonate that well. What happens once consumers 
upgrade, then the FMCG customers also kind of put their efforts to improve the brand 
propositions. They start spending on A&P. And so they focus on more, I would say, the 
activations, right? And that helps to, I would say, volume generation. 
Now what happens when consumer upgrade to the higher ASP products, as this average selling 
price, then we also end up benefiting because those premium products need premium packaging, 
right? And then premium packaging typically will have more colors, more value-added features, 
which typically otherwise commodity product would not have. So that is how, I would say, 
ripple effect or ripple benefit we will get -- we get. So that's the way. 
Coming to what happens next quarter or next quarter, I think that is a bit speculative. But I think, 
as I said during last 1 hour that what we are doing is creating a more sustainable business model 
and which we have done for the last 12 quarters or so. And I think we want to continue that 
trend. 
Aditya Khetan: Okay. Okay. And sir, like, for CY '26, any anticipated number for volume growth? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  I think your questions are really too speculative. And as I said at the start that we do not do this. 
And even if by chance, we are giving all of you some hints of performance of future, possibly, 
I would resort to my safe harbor statement that please do not use this for a future indication of a 
performance. 
Aditya Khetan: Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Panday from Golden Money Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Panday: Sir, as you told that around 27 to 30.... 
Moderator: I'm sorry. Can you use your handset mode, please? Your audio is not very clear. 
Rohan Panday: Hello? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead.  
Rohan Panday: Sir, as you told that in whole of our revenue, around 27% to 30% of our revenue comes from 
blueloop, right? So, sir, I think what I see right now that in blueloop... 
Moderator: I'm sorry. Rohan, your audio is not very clear. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes, we can't hear you properly. 
Rohan Panday: Sir, am I audible? 
Moderator: Are you using your handset mode? Please proceed with your handset mode. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 15 of 17
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Mr. Rohan, you can be slower. Let us again try. 
Rohan Panday: Okay, sir. Sir, my question was related to the blueloop 27% to 30% of sales, right? So, sir, I 
think right now, what the company and what the management is saying -- what I think is you 
guys are more focused on premium products in the blueloop section right now. Not on the main 
simple products which have lower margins. 
Is it like that or you guys are basically working in both sections, premium also and the normal 
one also? Because as you know, in today's time, the recycled category, when we talk about 
something like blueloop has compared to very much less margin as the one in the standard 
products have like BOP or BP -- BOPP, right? So sir, the question is that, you guys have -- does 
you guys have more of percentage of premium products in the blueloop or the mixture is 
basically comparable of normally? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. Okay. So look, I think, let me again restart with that. When we talk about our sales 
composition, when we say 27% to 30% comes in from blueloop, actually, it's exactly not a 
blueloop, it's a blueloop, which is recyclable products, which are basically produced on the 
specific assets and all the recyclable products which we sell. So 27% to 30% is all products 
which are recyclable, whether they are produced through blueloop assets or not. So that's the 
first one. 
Second one, of course, when blueloop is getting introduced, idea was to definitely target the 
specific products which needs high barriers and they can -- they have a large opportunity to kind 
of get into a recyclable chain. Now when we see this now in India regulations, all the other 
challenges around, so we have not stopped only at what we were supposed to offer at the start 
of our project, but we are also having certain intermediate products, and we call it like a blueLite 
and all, so, which we are trying to offer to our customers the solutions which are also 
intermediate. 
So without -- because many times what happens when you change to the large scale, it also needs 
investment at the customer end because of the packaging line changes, some things need to 
change and so on. So some customers show inability to change certain things and we offer them 
the interim solutions or intermediate solutions that keeping the sealant layer same, but only 
changing the barrier layers and so on and so forth. 
So we are not only fixated on focusing on the top of the pyramid, we are offering the custom-
based solutions to the customers so that we make a progress together towards the sustainability, 
towards the recyclability. So that's the approach. 
Rohan Panday: So, sir, it means that 27% to 30% not only contains blueloop products, it's a mix of products, 
right? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Absolutely, mix of the other recyclable products. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Invest. I'm sorry, we've lost 
his connection. We'll move to the next question from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from 
Sumangal Investments. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 16 of 17
Vipulkumar Shah: Hi, sir. So do we have any low margin portfolio, which we would like to deliberately phase out 
from our offerings? And if it is so, it constitutes what percentage of our volume? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  Look, I think, we still continue to look at an overall basket. And if I say low margin, then I 
wouldn't say there will be a challenge in our customers' purchasing departments, like. So I would 
say there is lot of areas which are available to fulfil the overall footprints which we have, assets 
we have, capabilities we have. 
So at this moment, I would say, look, we have to see as a -- this as a whole and not at an 
individual product or portfolio level, because there will be always a portfolio, right? We will be 
doing certain things at a low margin, certain things at a high. And then every product will also 
go through their product life cycle, innovations, intellectual properties, maybe commoditization 
and then renovations. 
So all these aspects, keep in mind. I think we have a reasonably balanced portfolio. And that if 
we are able to manage this way, I think we shall be able to continue the momentum. That's point 
number one. 
Point number two, definitely, there are pockets of opportunities and that those are the 
opportunities we are examining and investing our time into that how do we really go along with 
the market, because what we did last few quarters is basically, yes, we want to play here and in 
spite of flat growth or so. But now essentially, the idea is to capture the India growth story. And 
while we continue, we will see that how do we pan out. 
Vipulkumar Shah: What should be our overall capacity utilization, sir? 
Dhananjay Salunkhe: Yes. So, again, as we keep on saying that we normally do not discuss the capacity utilizations 
because we are a complex multi-locational company. So we don't really drill into that much. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Dhananjay Salunkhe for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dhananjay Salunkhe:  Yes. Thank you. Thank you for moderating this so well. And I appreciate all the questions and 
I hope we were able to answer your queries. First of all, again, thank you team for organizing 
this. I would say this is one of the strong quarter we had in, I would say, in last 12 quarters or 
so, 12 quarters, 13 quarters, we have started our investor calls. And I'm really feeling, I would 
say, proud in terms of the numbers what we are able to deliver in the last quarter. 
Double-digit EBITDA, as Jagdish mentioned, had happened almost after four years to five years, 
I think, and we want to really continue that. And this wouldn't have been possible without this 
unrelenting support and the patronage what we get from our customers, from our supplier 
partners, and the -- mostly the state government and Government of India, where we get a lot of 
support in terms of how -- wherever we operate in terms of the licenses and the approvals and 
No Objection Certificate. So I would really want to place this on record that without these three 
large stakeholders, we couldn't really survive and exist. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Huhtamaki India Limited 
October 15, 2025 
Page 17 of 17
And then lastly, our fabulous team, Huhtamaki India team, the plant teams, the sales teams and 
the finance -- and everyone. I think this is a fabulous quarter behind us. And what a good start 
for the upcoming Diwali week. 
At the same time, my mind is also a little wary that Jagdish is leaving Huhtamaki India. I think 
from 1st December, he won't be -- Jagdish, we will be missing your services to this organization, 
and I would want to place it on record great contributions you had over the last three-plus years 
with Huhtamaki. I appreciate and we'll wish you all the luck for your future endeavours. So with 
these comments, I would again thank everyone for your patronage, support and good wishes. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 