
===== PAGE 1 =====
INDUSTRIES LTD. 
CIN: L24111UR1985PLC015063 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 21st November 2025 
 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Department of Corporate services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051   
 
Scrip Code: 500136 Symbol: ESTER 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings call held on 17th November 2025  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation of our letter dated 17 th November 2025 regarding Audio recording of Earnings call for 
Investors and Analysts and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the said Earnings call is 
enclosed herewith and is also available on the website of the company at the following link - 
https://www.esterindustries.com/node/1124  
Please take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Ester Industries Limited                                                                      
 
          
Poornima Gupta   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A49876 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Ester Industries Limited 
Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND SINGHANIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– ESTER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. VAIBHAV JHA – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – ESTER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 MR. PRADEEP KUMAR RUSTAGI – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, CORPORATE AFFAIRS – ESTER INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 MR. SOURABH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ESTER INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. AMIT SHARMA – ADFACTORS PR INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ester Industries Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero on 
your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Kumar Sharma. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and a very warm welcome to you all. Thank you, 
everyone, for participating in the earnings call of Ester Industries Limited for the second quarter 
ended September 30, 2025. 
Before we begin, please note that this conference call may contain forward -looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. The statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 On the call today, we have with us Mr. Arvind Singhania, CEO; Mr. Vaibhav Jha, Deputy CEO; 
Mr. Pradeep Kumar Rustagi, Executive Director, Corporate Affairs; and Mr. Sourabh Agarwal, 
CFO. The management will take us through the operational and financial performance for the 
quarter gone by, following which, we will open the forum for the Q&A. 
I now request Mr. Arvind Singhania to take us through the company's performance. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Arvind Singhania: Thank you, Amit, and thank you for joining us today. I will briefly talk about the key business 
developments, post which Sourabh will walk you through our financial performance. During Q2 
FY '26, Ester reported consolidated revenue of INR 357 crores, a 7% year -on-year growth, 
supported by higher volumes across both Polyester Films and Specialty Polymers segments. 
Domestic margins were affected due to the heavy imports at predictory pricing. Margins in 
overseas markets were affected due to t he effect of U.S. trade tariff. Financial performance for 
the quarter would also have been better, but for the adverse impact of exchange fluctuation and 
mark-to-market losses on foreign currency loans/derivatives. Q2 FY '26 and H1 FY '26 has been 
a period of steady executi on of the adopted strategy and continued progress in our journey 
towards becoming a sustainability -driven and innovation- led product solution company. 
Specialty Polymers segment continued its robust performance with increase in sales, bot h in 
volumetric and value terms despite U.S. trade tariff. 
 Supported by sustained demand for its IP-protected marquee products, EBIT increased by 45% 
year-on-year. As regard to Polyester Films segment, our operational performance remained 
stable despite a challenging macro environment. Capacity utilization across both our facilities 
was healthy, 75% at Khatima and 85% at Hyderabad. On a consolidated basis, the capacity 
utilization stood at 79%, reflecting sustained growth in demand. We continue to focus on cost 
optimization, supply chain efficiencies and strengthening product mix. 
 The Polyester Films and Film segment, now including rPET, reported a rise in volume of sales 
in rPET by 219% and in Film by 9%. Though the segment recorded a marginal revenue growth 
===== PAGE 4 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
of 2%, the Film SBU witnessed shrinkage in margins due to imports and U.S. trade tariffs. Basis 
petition by domestic polyester film industry, Director General of Trade Remedies has initiated 
investigation for imposition of antidumping duties on imports of polyester film originating from 
Bangladesh, China, Thailand and U.S.A. Proportion of value -added products that fetch higher 
realization and margins remained steady at about 23% of the total volume of sales. 
 However, in absolute volumetric terms, we achieved a 5.2% growth during Q2 FY '26 on a year-
to-year basis. Imposition of U.S. trade tariffs on exports from India has slowed down the 
progression towards achieving higher volume and proportion. Coming to the macroeconomic 
factors. Rapid growth in FMCG, food and beverages and e-commerce continue to boost demand 
for durable liquid and printable packaging materials. 
 With effect on 22nd September 2025, the government carried out GST reforms to simplify and 
declutter the GST by reducing the tax rate from 18% to 5% on many items, including essential 
goods like food products, shampoo, toothpaste, hair oil and household goods. It has started to 
provide boost to the flexible packaging industry as growth in demand for food, edible and FMCG 
products is accelerating. 
As regards recycling project being pursued by a 50- 50 joint venture company, namely Ester 
Loop Infinite Technologies Private Limited, I'm glad to inform you that all the activities related 
to completion of the project by December 2027 are being pursued diligently. ELITe has entered 
into an agreement with a group of sellers for acquisition of 90 --  approximately 90 acres of 
project land in the PCPIR zone, strategically located in Surat, Gujarat, providing direct access 
to abundant polyester textile waste, skilled workforce and streamlined permitting process. Its 
proximity to deepwater seaport will further support cost-effective exports of PET resin. 
 This project is targeting up to 81% reduction in carbon emissions compared to virgin PET. The 
facility will help global brands in achieving their sustainability targets while creating complete 
circularity in polyester textile to textile space. 
I'm delighted to inform that multiple international marquee clients have started entering into 
offtake agreements much before commissioning of the plant, which reinforces the fact that there 
is a high level of acceptance and demand for products to be offered by ELITe 
A multiyear offtake agreement has been secured with Nike, making it the anchor customer for 
the Infinite Loop India facility. Under this agreement, ELITe will supply to Nike TWIST
TM, 
Loop's branded virgin quality sustainable polyester resin made exclusively from textile waste, 
featuring full traceability through Loop's proprietary chemical tracer technology. 
 This agreement is much more than a commercial win. It is the global validation of the 
technology, capability and shared vision for a sustainable materials ecosystem. It reinforces 
ELITe's position as a key enabler of polyester textile circularity and establishes India as a future 
hub for advanced polyester textile recycled materials. Under a new offtake agreement, ELITe 
will supply recycled polyester intermediates and resins to Taro Plast S. p.A. of Italy with Loop 
Industries, including 100% recycled Loop
TM DMT for automotive and specialty polymer 
applications. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 A strategic alliance has been formed with Hyosung TNC of Taiwan to convert high-purity, fully 
traceable TWISTTM polyester into premium Regen TM performance yarns for leading apparel 
brands. 
With growing demand for polyester film, IP protection for certain marquee products in Specialty 
Polymers segment and focus on development of new products and products promoting recycling 
and sustainability, we are confident to continue creating value for our shareholders. 
Ester remains focused on strengthening its Specialty Polymers portfolio, improving operational 
efficiency and advancing its circular economy vision through the ELITe project, positioning the 
company for sustainable growth in the years ahead. We continue to invest in operational 
excellence, efficiency enhancement and R&D to drive our next phase of growth. Coming to the 
performance of each business segment. 
 In Specialty Polymers business, we recorded significant volume growth of 51% and revenue 
growth of 39% year-on-year with total sales reaching 1,161 metric tons in Q2 FY '26, indicating 
robust demand despite U.S. trade tariff. EBIT increased 45% year -on-year to INR21.24 crores, 
with margins improving by 146 basis points to 37.03%. We witnessed no significant impact of 
U.S. tariffs on performance of Specialty Polymers SBU due to IP protection. 
 Sales volume of MB03 recorded an uptick reaching 410 metric tons as compared to 285 metric 
tons in Q2 FY '25. We are confident that business will maintain momentum in periods to come, 
supported by a promising product line and human capital to pursue aggressive and focused R&D 
activities and implementing chosen marketing strategies. 
Now turning to Polyester Films business. On a consolidated basis, the capacity utilization 
improved to 79% as compared to 73% during Q2 FY '25. Polyester Films sales stood at 21,329 
metric tons, reflecting a growth of 8.72% over Q2 FY '25, a reflection of continuous growth in 
demand. 
 Revenue increased from INR290 crores to INR296.82 crores, an increase of 2.34%. Concerted 
efforts enabled us to increase volume of value -added products by 5% year -on-year. Sales of 
rPET increased significantly to 1,046 metric tons in Q2 FY '26 as compared to 328 metric tons 
in Q2 FY '25 as the company continues to scale up its sustainability -focused product portfolio. 
This highlights the growing traction in sustainable product categories. We are pleased to report 
that the rPET capacity of 20,000 metric ton s per annum has been commissioned in September 
2025 at our Hyderabad plant. 
 Moving to Ester Filmtech Limited. During Q2 FY '26, capacity utilization stood at 85% as 
compared to 61% in Q2 FY '25. Quarterly performance improved significantly, driven by 40% 
growth in sales volume and 21% increase in total income. Increase in value terms is lower as 
compared to increase in volume due to drop in realization/margins caused by cheap imports. As 
a result, EBITDA reduced to INR3.96 crores in Q2 FY '26 as compared to INR6.14 crores in Q2 
FY '25. 
 EBITDA for the quarter Q2 FY '26 would have been INR11.22 crores, 9.3%, but for the adverse 
impact of exchange fluctuation and mark-to-market loss on FCL/derivative. That concludes my 
===== PAGE 6 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
opening remarks. I now hand over the floor to Sourabh to walk you through our financial 
performance. Over to you, Sourabh. 
Sourabh Agarwal: Thank you, and good day, everyone. Thank you for joining us in our quarter 2 and H1 FY '26 
earnings call. Let me quickly walk you through our financial performance, post which we can 
commence the Q&A session. I would like to start with the stand-alone financial performance. In 
quarter 2 FY '26, the company reported total income of INR 263 crores, representing a 12.9% 
decrease on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 14 crores in quarter 2 FY '26 as compared to INR 36.33 
crores in quarter 2 FY '25. This is mainly due to lower margins in Polyester Films. EBITDA 
margin stood at 5.33%. EBITDA for quarter 2 FY '26 would have been INR16.95 crores, that is 
6.4% change, but for the adverse impact of exchange fluctuation and mark -to-market loss on 
foreign currency loan and derivatives. Loss for the quarter stood at INR4.81 crores. 
 For Ester Filmtech, we reported a robust 39.7% year -on-year growth in sales volume, reaching 
10,374 metric tons, up from 7,425 metric tons in quarter 2 FY '25. This was accompanied by a 
20.5% increase in total income, which stood at INR 119.73 crores compared to INR99.4 crores 
in the corresponding quarter last year, reflecting an improved operational scale. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 3.96 crores, primarily impacted by foreign exchange 
fluctuation and mark -to-market losses on foreign currency loans derivatives availed by Ester 
Filmtech Limited. 
At the net level, the loss after tax stood at INR10.3 crores. EBITDA would have been INR11.22 
crores with EBITDA margin of 9.3%, but for the adverse impact of foreign exchange fluctuation 
and mark-to-market loss on foreign currency loan and derivatives availed by the company. 
 Earnings before depreciation and taxes, excluding losses on account of MTM and reinstatement 
of foreign currency loans reduced from INR5.89 crores in quarter 2 FY '25 to INR3.52 crores in 
quarter 2 FY '26. While the reported profitability has been impacted by foreign currency-related 
factors, the performance of core business continues to move in the right direction. 
On a consolidated basis, we recorded a total income of INR 357.2 crores, making a 7% Y -o-Y 
growth compared to INR 333.8 crores in quarter 2 FY '25. This was driven by healthy volume 
growth in Specialty Polymer and Ester Filmtech Limited. EBITDA stood at INR 17.33 crores, 
representing a 59.7% decrease over the previous year, with EBITDA margin standing at 4.85%. 
 EBITDA for the quarter, quarter 2 FY '26 would have been INR27.51 crores, EBITDA margin 
of 7.70%, but for the adverse impact of foreign exchange fluctuation and mark- to-market loss 
on FCL and derivatives. 
Earnings before depreciation and taxes, excluding losses on account of mark -to-market and 
reinstatement of foreign currency loans reduced from INR 32.39 crores in quarter 2 FY '25 to 
INR10.28 crores in quarter 2 FY '26. Both EIL and EFTL have been regular in repayment of the 
term loan repayments as per schedule, and we are absolutely confident of adhering to the 
repayment schedule.  On the working capital front, both companies have adequate limits to 
===== PAGE 7 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
sustain budgeted enhanced operations. Overall, the company has demonstrated resilient 
operational progress. 
 That concludes our opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Svan Investments. 
Jatin Damania: Good afternoon, everyone, Yes. So sir, a couple of questions. First to start with your Polymer 
Films business. Now given the improvement in the utilization, the profitability got impacted 
because of a higher import and U.S. tariff. 
 So just wanted to understand what was the total import in the Q2, which has led to a sharp decline 
in the spread? And post the exit of Q2, which is October, November, how is the import situation 
and the current spread as compared to the Q2 levels? 
Arvind Singhania: Okay. So the total imports of Polyester Film, it's very difficult to give an exact number, but 
approximately 25,000 tonnes of material was imported in the quarter -- in the second quarter. 
That is a huge number when you're talking about a market size of ou rs. And more than the 
volume, it is the price at which it is being imported. So basically, the price is so low that it is 
preventing us from getting remunerated prices in the domestic market. 
Jatin Damania: So what was the average pricing in the Q2 as compared to Q1? 
Arvind Singhania: The import pricing? 
Jatin Damania: Import pricing and our pricing? 
Arvind Singhania: See, import pricing was in the region of about INR93, INR94, and our pricing had to match that. 
Otherwise, imports would continue. If we start charging more than the import pricing, the 
volumes will increase. So we are restricted in increasing our prices because of the imports. 
Jatin Damania: And how are the imports in the month of October, November? Have you seen any reduction in 
the imports or it still continue to remain at the higher level? 
Arvind Singhania: No, no. There is a reduction in import volumes. That is because our pricing we have maintained 
at import parity, which is not remunerative for us. That is why the imports have reduced in 
October, November. 
Jatin Damania: And in terms of the spreads, can you help us understand what are spreads in Q4 and what are 
the spreads right now in Polyester -- spreads, Q2 and the current October, November? 
Arvind Singhania: October, November, Pradeep will give the number. 
Pradeep Rustagi: So in the September quarter, the value addition, the difference between selling price and raw 
material cost was about INR19 to INR20 a kg. In the month of October, it improved marginally 
to INR22. And currently, we are in the range of about INR22 to INR25. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Jatin Damania: Okay. So we are -- probably we have seen near about 10-odd percent improvement in the overall 
spreads? 
Arvind Singhania: Yes. But that is not good enough, no. 
Jatin Damania: So that's not good enough, but at least there's some benefit in terms of the lower imports that we 
are getting will be factored in. 
Arvind Singhania: Yes. So we have applied to the government for imposition of antidumping duty and the 
government has initiated investigation already. So hopefully, in the near future, we expect 
antidumping duties to be imposed because we have a very, very strong case. The pricing at which 
the material is coming in from China, etc, is very, very unremunerative and predatory pricing, I 
would call it. So we are very hopeful of getting relief from the government through imposition 
of antidumping duty soon. 
Jatin Damania: Sure. And secondly, in your opening remarks, you indicated that Specialty Polymer has no 
impact on the U.S. tariff, but the major impact was seen in the Polyester Film. So can you help 
us understand what was the exact impact of the U.S. tariff from 25% to 50% on our numbers? 
Arvind Singhania: See, basically, all our value-added films go to America. And because of the tariffs, this got 
substantially impacted. So we lost a lot of sale in the value -added segment, the real profitable 
segment, we lost a lot of sales because of the U.S. tariffs in Polyester Film. But this was not the 
case as far as Specialty Polymers was concerned because of IP. 
 We are selling technology products, which are developed and we have patents on them. And 
really, there was not much alternative. So our Specialty Polymers business did not get affected. 
But there was a substantial impact on the Film business. 
Jatin Damania: But can you quantify that number? Because I guess the 25% to 50% was only for the 1 month? 
Arvind Singhania: No, no, no. It's not 1 month, the tariffs have been moving on for many months. 
Jatin Damania: No, I'm talking about the second -- the levy of 25% to 50%, the incremental 25% penalty because 
that came in the August Quarter 
Arvind Singhania: That is also from June -- August, sorry, August, since August. But 25% itself was quite high. 
We had to absorb part of that 25%. And so it has had an impact. 
Jatin Damania: Okay. And sir, now coming on to your broader numbers, like definitely, we --  last quarter also, 
there was some impact of mark to market  on foreign currency loan. This quarter also, we have 
seen near about around INR 15 crores to INR 20-odd crores. So what sort of foreign currency 
loan, which is there on the book? And what are the rescheduled payments?  When one look at 
the overall borrowings, the joint venture with Loop kicking in? 
Sourabh Agarwal: So first of all, the loss from foreign currency is not INR20 crores in quarter 2. It is around INR10 
crores, both companies together. So as we have been mentioning in our previous calls also, in 
our subsidiary, that is Ester Filmtech, we have taken a euro loan from OLB Bank Germany. And 
as you know that euro has significantly appreciated against rupee in the last 1 year, if you 
===== PAGE 9 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
remember, at the starting of the year, INR/Euro was at INR88. And today, it is trading at around 
INR103. 
 So that is the major reason for the mark-to-market losses, which is there in the books on the euro 
loans. We also have a small amount of dollar loan in the parent entity that is Ester Industries, 
which is around INR10 million. And the dollar has also significantly appreciated against rupee 
in the last 3, 4 months. In the last quarter itself, the appreciation was roughly around INR 3. So 
that is the reason why there is a mark-to-market loss, which is coming in the books. 
 But having said that, you will appreciate that these are notional amounts and the actual amount 
may not match with these numbers because these are on a -- because the currency can swing any 
way at the time of actual repayment. 
Jatin Damania: And sir, with the current borrowings as of standing right now, with the Loop kicking in with --  
because we have signed a contract with Nike as well and probably by December '27, we will see 
some progress on that. So what sort of borrowings limit or the pea k borrowings one should see 
when the project gets commissioned? 
Arvind Singhania: First of all, this project, this new project is a joint venture between Loop and Ester, 50- 50. It is 
not going to be on the books of Ester. It is going to be a separate company called Ester Loop 
Infinite Technologies Private Limited. So any debt to complet e this new project is going to be 
on the books of ELITe. It is not going to be on the books of Ester. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aman Sonthalia from AK Securities. 
Aman Sonthalia: Good evening Sir, a lot of imports has happened in the PET film. So I think the spread has come 
down significantly. So what was the spread in the previous quarter? And what is at the current 
moment? Because I think raw material prices has also come down. 
Arvind Singhania: Yes. But as I've always mentioned before, raw material pricing is not really significant in our 
business. Raw material is a pass -through. The margins depend on demand and supply. So 
basically, even if raw material pricing has come down, yes, the prices will come down. 
 If the raw material pricing had gone up, the pricing would have gone up. Margins are decided in 
commodity business on the basis of demand and supply. 
Aman Sonthalia: So how is the spread, sir, at the moment? 
Arvind Singhania: So we just mentioned that. Right now, it is about INR22, INR23. 
Aman Sonthalia: Okay. In the previous quarter, it was? 
Pradeep Rustagi: June quarter, it was about INR27, June quarter. 
Aman Sonthalia: In the September quarter, sir? 
Pradeep Rustagi: About INR19. We are talking about... 
===== PAGE 10 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Arvind Singhania: Currently, it is about INR22. 
Pradeep Rustagi: We're talking of 12 micron commodity film. 
Aman Sonthalia: Yes. So in the previous quarter, it was INR19. Right now, it is INR22? 
Arvind Singhania: Correct. 
Aman Sonthalia: And sir, I think recently, the government has removed the BIS on certain raw materials. So 
whether it will benefit us because of that? 
Arvind Singhania: Not really. Not really. I mean there might be a mild movement in our raw material prices in 
PTA, MEG, but it's for everybody. It's not only Ester, it's for everybody. 
Aman Sonthalia: Okay, sir. And sir, what about the imports? So do you think that government -- you have given 
a representation to the government regarding this antidumping duty. So do you think that 
government will look after it because ultimately, the flexible packaging buyers are getting it at 
a very cheaper rate. So whether the government will take this action? 
Arvind Singhania: Well, we are certainly very, very hopeful that the government will take action because we have 
a very, very strong case and the government has -- is there to protect the Indian industry also. I 
mean, do you think the government will allow unremunerative ex ports to come and kill Indian 
industry? Do you think that is the government stand? I don't think so. And the investigation has 
already begun. 
 And it is guided by rules and regulation. These are rules and regulations, which are there in the 
government -- yes, in the WTO that if there is predatory pricing and material is being imported 
at below -- and there is injury to the domestic industry. Most  important, the price at which it is 
coming in, if there is injury, the government is duty bound to take a look at it. 
Aman Sonthalia: Going by the sales volume, we have improved our sales volume. So that means, sir, demand was 
there only because of this higher import, the prices has come down. 
Arvind Singhania: Obviously, and I'll tell you another thing. When -- if and whenever the antidumping will come 
through, not only will the pricing and margins improve, volumes will also improve because all 
the imported material will get stopped. That will get -- all that vo lume will also come to the 
domestic industry. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Namaskar Sir, Thank you for the opportunity and thank you Singhania Ji for addressing 
your investors and participating in the Call and we hope your presence in the coming calls 
also, and we hope for your presence, for the coming times also. Sir, firstly, as you mentioned 
about the utilization levels, our mother plant at Khatima exhibited lower utilization levels. That 
was your number you gave for 75% or 79% for this quarter? 
Pradeep Rustagi: 75% for Khatima, 80% for -- 85% for Telangana and consolidated 79%. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: Was there a difference in the product mix for which the Khatima plant posted much below than 
-- or is it the impact of the -- only the import -- unabated import that has happened? 
Pradeep Rustagi: You're talking about the split between Khatima and Hyderabad? 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, yes. Yes, sir. Since the ramp-up has been higher from the Hyderabad unit. 
Vaibhav Jha: We have looked at the product mix as well as the customer mix, and we have tried to optimize 
the overall production, keeping both the product and customer in mind. So on a careful relook, 
we could find more opportunities to have higher production in Hydera bad, and that's what we 
have done. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, for this EPR part, extended producer responsibility, has there been any extension from the 
government? And what is the -- I mean how has that affected the demand, if any? 
Vaibhav Jha: So the direct impact of EPR is that now polyester has become the preferred substrate for the 
brand for all their flexible packaging needs. So this is likely to have 2 direct impact. One is the 
demand is likely to increase as we expect some switch from other substrates like BOPP into 
BOPET. The second impact is that there is going to be a higher demand for PCR films, which 
contain the recycled content and which sell at a premium to the regular films. Now we are seeing 
strong momentum in these directions. 
 But you are right, government gave a relaxation of a year, which is going to expire in March 
2026. Basically, what they said was that the -- whatever the obligations were in FY '25-'26, those 
could be deferred and be compliant in the subsequent years. So what it means is that in FY '25-
'26, the obligation was 10% of the flexible packaging and '26-'27, it was 10% and then thereafter, 
20%. 
So those who have not complied with the 10% in FY '25-'26 have to comply to 20% instead of 
10% in '26-'27. And we are seeing a strong momentum in the market wherein many big brands 
have already started gearing up for addressing the 20% obligation next year. 
 So our take is that somewhere around the first quarter of the calendar year or the second quarter 
of calendar year, we should see heavy demand for BOPET films and especially PCR content 
BOPET films. So it was a deferment of obligation and not an exemption from obligation. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, a couple of points first on the bookkeeping and then especially for Loop Industries. So allow 
me there. Sir, firstly, for the capital work in progress, the closing balance is INR85 crores. So if 
you could just explain how has that capitalization been because -- yes, have we capitalized any 
of our capital work in progress for the first half? 
Sourabh Agarwal: So as you are aware that we keep investing in both our sustenance as well as expansion capex 
on a year-on-year basis. And we also --  we have an amount there which is lying in the capital 
work in progress. And the projects are capitalized based on the lead time and the time lines, 
which is there to set up the project. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 Now the specific case of this INR85 crores, as we mentioned in our earnings -- in the beginning 
of the call that we have set up an extruder in Hyderabad. The total capex was quite significant 
there, which has started product commencement by the end of the September. 
 So that is one thing which is lying there, which has not yet been capitalized, and it will be 
capitalized in subsequent quarter. The balance amount which is lying there is more with respect 
to the projects which are ongoing in nature. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Sir, just taking the discussion forward to the Loop Industry part. Firstly, sir, you have 
mentioned about some volume offtake agreement with Nike and some other players. While 
looking into the Loop Industry, sir, INC NASDAQ listed, is the same entity  with whom we are 
doing this? So sir, when we look at their performance and their market cap, their guidance to 
their investors and other factors, those are depicting a very miserable picture for Loop as an 
entity. 
 So has the management factored in their pedigree at time of committing this JV? Because if you 
look at very -- one simple example, in the year 2021, the stock price for Loop Industry used to 
quote at $14. Today, it is closer to $1. So there is complete erosion where rating agencies have 
given a red flag to their -- and even in the -- while Googling out and while going through the 
AI-generated report, I could summarize that they have faced a lot of issues with implementation 
of projects earlier also. 
So just wanted to understand the type of investment we are doing with them and with their track 
record, how confident are we that they would be able to deliver since the technology is there 
from their side? So I would request the management to have a look and give us their 
understanding. 
Arvind Singhania: First of all, Saket ji, do you think that we would have tied up with Loop if we were not confident 
about Loop? Do you think we would have risked our money if we were not confident about their 
technology and their ability to deliver? Number one. Number two, please understand Loop is a 
start-up company where they have developed technology. They're not a producer of this product. 
 This is the first plant they're going to be putting up. I have been working with Loop for 6 years 
now. They have been continuing -- they have a pilot facility with 1,000 tonnes capacity in 
Montreal, Canada. This was the wisest thing that they did. They are the only start-up -- there are 
20, 30 start-ups who tried to develop chemical recycling. 
 Most of them or almost all of them have failed and closed shop. Loop is the only one which has 
survived. And they have spent $200 million to perfect this technology before trying to take it 
commercial. And now even bank like Societe General, one of the big gest banks of France, you 
must be knowing about them, have recently taken equity in their company through their private 
equity firm. And do you think companies like Nike or Taro Plast or Hyosung would tie up with 
a company which has no -- in which they didn't believe about the technology or their financial 
strength? 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, I am only... 
===== PAGE 13 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Arvind Singhania: Do you think Nike would not have done a due diligence on them? 
Saket Kapoor: I am very confident on my management where I have invested. But what track record Loop have 
exhibited, I'm just displaying to you the previous 4 years, sir. And it is well documented in their 
system, sir. 
Arvind Singhania: Yes, I know what you're talking about. I know anybody on plain reading would have the same 
thoughts as you. And it's a fair question from your side. But I'm just trying to tell you, please 
rest assured that Loop's technology is the best in the world. It's actually one of the only ones in 
the world which will be capable to deliver real textile to textile circularity. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. One more question -- yes... 
Arvind Singhania: And this technology has been tested over the past 5 or 6 years. Loop has been converting all 
kinds of polyester waste, including colored textile waste into DMT, rDMT and rMEG. This 
material has come to us continuously for the past many years. We have converted it into polymer. 
And this polymer has been used to get qualifications by most of the brand owners in the world, 
including Nike. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Mr. Saket Kapoor, may we request you to please rejoin the queue. We have 
participants waiting for their turn.  The next question is from the line of Tejpal, an individual 
investor. 
Tejpal: Hello, I am audible to you Sir, s o my first question is like for the USD 180 million chemical 
recycling project, how much of the capex already has been done and deployed? And how much 
has remained to increase over a project time line, sir? 
Arvind Singhania: Not much has been done right now in terms of actual spend. 
Tejpal: Okay. And... 
Sourabh Agarwal: No significant capex has been done. Right now, we are acquiring the land for the project. And 
against that only we have given an advance for the acquisition of land. 
Arvind Singhania: We expect to break ground by end of first quarter next year, calendar. So let's say, March, April, 
we break ground, and we expect to start up by end of 2027. 
Tejpal: Okay. Okay. And my second question is for the additional offtake arrangements with the partners 
such as Taro Plast and Hyosung TNC. Can you outline the expected revenue and volume 
visibility over the contracted period? 
Arvind Singhania: I think we cannot answer that. That's under confidential things. 
Tejpal: Okay. Okay. So my last question is, are you availing or expecting to avail any central or state 
incentive scheme for the chemical recycling project? And if so, what will be the financial impact 
of that? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Arvind Singhania: No. So right now, all our financial projections are based on without any subsidy from central or 
state government. If any such subsidies are made available by either central or state government, 
they will be taken in the books after approval. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Atul Daga from Daga Securities. 
Atul Daga: Hello, I am audible Sir, I had a couple of questions. The Specialty Polymer EBIT margin 
expanded to 37%. So what is the sustainable range going forward? 
Arvind Singhania: It should be in the same region, 35% to 40%. 
Atul Daga: Okay. Okay. Also on the same volumes grew by 50-odd percentage Y-o-Y, right, so how much 
of this was driven by new customers or existing accounts? 
Vaibhav Jha: So right now, the majority of volume growth came from the existing accounts, but we also saw 
development of new customers, which are going to pick up volumes in coming 3 to 4 quarters. 
Atul Daga: Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, one last question. How much volume was redirected due to this tariff 
disruptions? 
Arvind Singhania: Redirected? Sorry, I didn't understand your question. 
Atul Daga: So how was the volume impacted basically? 
Arvind Singhania: There was -- the volume impact because of U.S. trade tariffs was restricted to our Specialty Film 
business. 
Atul Daga: Okay. Antidumping duty, anything on that? 
Arvind Singhania: I've already answered that. The application has been made. The government has already initiated 
investigation, and they will have to go through the due process of law before it is imposed. I can 
tell you we have a very, very strong case and the government is very cognizant of this fact. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nimesh Pandeya an individual investor. 
Nimesh Pandeya: So I have a couple of questions. My first question is with the cash and cash equivalents at 
INR104.6 crores, how do you plan to strategically allocate capital over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Sourabh Agarwal: So there are 2 parts to the cash and cash balance that we have. So a part of the cash and cash 
balance is primarily for the purpose of funding the Loop project. So if you may recall that, we 
have raised the share warrant last year for the purpose of fundin g the Loop project. So major 
amount of this is going to be used for that. And the balance amount is --  will be basically used 
for the capital projects as and when required, which will be based on the business case of each 
and every capital project. 
Nimesh Pandeya: Got it. And my next question is amid ongoing margin pressures in the Films segment, what is 
your margin outlook for H2 FY '26 and FY '27? If you could shed some light on this? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Arvind Singhania: That depends on how soon the government will impose the antidumping duty and the U.S. tariffs, 
of course. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rohit from SK Securities. 
Rohit: Hi Sir, thank you for the opportunity, s o my first question is related to our demand 
environment. So what demand trends are you seeing in the flexible packaging domestically? 
Arvind Singhania: The demand growth is actually very strong for polyester film in the domestic industry. And like 
Vaibhav mentioned a few questions ago, because of the imposition of the requirement of use of 
PCR content in film, there is a shift from other substrates to pol yester film, which is further 
fueling demand growth for polyester. 
And plus on top of that, because of the reduction of GST on most household goods, which are 
packaged in flexible packaging. This itself -- because of the increase in demand of the FMCG 
products, there is a corresponding increase in demand for packaging. 
Rohit: Got it, sir. And in a similar way, what are the trends in export markets like Europe, U.S. or other 
markets? Any early signs of recovery there? I know that there is an impact of these other tariffs 
and all, but any signs of recovery? 
Arvind Singhania: Well, I think it's going to take a little bit of time. But overall, if India is growing at -- as far as 
polyester film is concerned, if India is growing at 10% to 12% per annum, then the global 
markets which were growing earlier at 5% to 6% per annum may h ave tapered down to around 
4%, 5%. But I guess once the tariff issues are settled, I think the growth rates will go back to 5% 
or 6%. 
Rohit: Got it. Got it, sir. And one more question, like regarding our expansion plan. So could you please 
elaborate that how you are going to fund that? So I know that related to -- we have raised some 
warrants.. 
Arvind Singhania: Yes. You're talking about the Loop project? 
Rohit: Yes, Loop project, yes, sorry. 
Arvind Singhania: Loop project, yes, the ELITe. So that is a project of about INR1,600 crores capex. It is going to 
be implemented by Ester Loop Infinite Technologies, which is a 50-50 joint venture company 
between Ester and Loop. And it's going to be funded by about INR500 crores to INR600 crores 
of equity and the balance INR1,000 crores to INR1,100 crores of debt. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, when we look at foreign currency risks as has been the case with our Telangana unit funding 
with the euro -- the rupee depreciation against euro, we will find a similar case in terms of our 
investment with Loop also since it will be all, I think, so d ollar-denominated. So what kind of 
hedging strategy or how are we going to insulate from the same? And sir, for this --  for the 
remaining half, what would be our current maturities for the debt repayment? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Arvind Singhania: The debt part, Sourabh will tell you what is going to mature over the next 6 months or over the 
next year. As far as the Loop project is concerned, the risk of foreign exchange loans will be far 
lower. because 100% of the production is going to be exported, which provides a natural hedge. 
Now I'll tell you the difference why it will be far better than Ester. We are going to be using 
cheap textile waste as raw material.  In Ester, we are using PTA, MEG virgin materials, which 
are benchmarked to international pricing. So we are getting advantage of rupee depreciation only 
on the value add, which is very small in the case of Ester. It will be much -- very huge in the 
case of Loop. So in fact, any depreciation is going to be beneficial in the Loop project, in the 
ELITe project. And it provides an automatic hedge, more than a hedge. 
Sourabh Agarwal: So our repayment schedule -- repayment maturity for the next 6 months will be roughly around 
INR40 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And that will be paid through the cash outflow only? Or what should be -- what is the 
current net debt number? And what should we end the year then? 
Sourabh Agarwal: Our current debt is around INR740 crores, which is on the gross basis. So you can adjust the... 
Arvind Singhania: Consolidated. 
Sourabh Agarwal: Consolidated debt. So you can -- after adjusting for the cash and cash balance, it will be roughly 
around INR650 crores. And at the end of the year, we will be around INR600 crores to INR610 
crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And sir, you mentioned about INR 19, the spread that is for the specialized film or the 
commodity? 
Arvind Singhania: No, commodity... 
Pradeep Rustagi: 12-micron commodity film. 
Arvind Singhania: 12-micron commodity. 
Saket Kapoor: And sir, can you explain the investment structure for the Loop JV? How are we going to fund 
the same? I think it's a 50-50 JV that we are going ahead for this INR1,600 crores capex? 
Arvind Singhania: Yes. So out of INR1,600 crores, INR500 crores to INR600 crores will be equity, which will be 
equally divided between Loop and Ester. So if Ester has to put about INR250 crores, let us say, 
INR250 crores, INR 270 crores, out of which INR 175 crores has already been raised through 
warrants, whatever is the difference, we will raise further as equity and that will be invested. 
The balance INR1,100 crores -- INR1,000 crores to INR1,100 crores will come as debt into the 
books of ELITe. 
Saket Kapoor: And for that, sir, we have not done any fund arrangement, banking arrangements since we are 
just... 
Arvind Singhania: We are in the process of tying up the funding, the financing for the debt. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: And the balance equity from Loop is still pending to be received? 
Arvind Singhania: It is coming -- it comes in equal. Whatever has to be put into ELITe comes in equal 50 :50 at 
every stage. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So INR175 crores from your -- our end has been contribution from their end also INR175 
crores. 
Sourabh Agarwal: No, no. Saket  ji, we have raised the share warrant of INR 175 crores, out of which we have 
received roughly around INR 85 crores in Ester Industries. As we have mentioned, there is a 
separate SPV for the purpose of executing this project. This SPV name is Ester Loop Infinite 
Technology Limited, which is a joint venture between Loop Industries and Ester Industries. 
Based on  the cash flow requirement of the SPV, both the JV partners are investing in the 
company. 
 So this money -- so there was a question regarding the cash balance available in Ester Industries 
balance sheet, so most of it is basically raised from the share warrants, which we will be pumping 
into the SPV as and when the -- as per the cash flow requirement of the JV. Till date, both the 
partners as on 30th September has invested roughly around INR 2 million each in the joint 
venture. I hope that clarifies. 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, sir. That clarifies.  And if I have anything, I will get back. I will join the queue again sir. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Yes madam. So sir, there was some issuance that happened at some INR 179 or INR175 rupees 
as I was asking. So what is the status of the pending warrant? I think so we have received 
payment for 75% at the issuance price of INR158 crores. So what is the pending? 
Sourabh Agarwal: Yes, I will answer your question. So the total value of the share warrant that we have issued is 
INR175 crores against which we have received till date around INR 85 crores for the --  as you 
are aware that in case of share of warrants, the total period available for investing is 18 months. 
Those 18 months have not yet expired, and we will call for the balance amount of money as per 
the requirement. 
Saket Kapoor: So what is the long stop date, sir, when is the 18 month ending, sir? 
Sourabh Agarwal: So the long stop date is around 6 to 7 months from now. 
Saket Kapoor: And sir this funding, which we have received for September is from the Promoter side only? 
Sourabh Agarwal: See, it's a mix -- yes, yes, it's a mix. 
Saket Kapoor: It's a mix of Promoter and non-Promoter? 
Sourabh Agarwal: Yes, absolutely. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
      Ester Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you for the elaborate answers, my congratulations for the type of presentation, which we 
are continuing with it. But please do -- we look forward for this type of information 
dissemination. It answers a lot of questions and very insightful also. Please continue with it. 
Vaibhav Jha: Thank you, Saket ji, for your very pin-pointed questions. We really appreciate it. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Arvind Singhania: I would like to thank all our stakeholders, partners and team members for their continued 
support, and thank you all for participating in this call. We remain committed to driving 
sustainable growth, delivering value and building on the momentum achieved i n the past few 
quarters. The successful implementation of the adopted strategy will define Ester's growth 
trajectory during the years to come. We look forward to a better FY '26. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Ester Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 