
===== PAGE 1 =====
                      Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 (Formerly Known as Creative Graphics Solutions (I) Pvt. Ltd.) 
Corporate office: A-31, Sector-58, Noida- 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India 
Registered office: 3F-305, 3rd Floor, SSG East Plaza, Plot No. 1 & 2,  
                                                                                Mamram Complex, Mayur Vihar, Phase-III, Delhi- 110096, India 
E-mail Id: accounts@creativegraphics.net.in, Mob:9560799003 
 CIN: L22219DL2014PLC263964 
   BRANCHES: BADDI, BANGALORE, NOIDA, MUMBAI, CHENNAI, HYDERABAD, AHMEDABAD, PUNE 
Processors of: Digital & Analogue Plates for Flexography, Letter Press, Corrugated Box Printing & U.V. Spot Coating 
 
 
Date: 14th March, 2026 
 
To 
The Head – Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Stock Code: CGRAPHICS 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analyst/Investor Call held on 11th March, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated 11th March, 2026, we wish to inform you that the management of the Company par ticipated 
in an investor summit titled “Bharat Connect Conference: Rising Stars – September 2025”, organized by Arihant Capital Markets Limited 
on 11th March, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please  find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same is also being made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
 
 
 
Puja Arora Mehrotra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited 
Analysts - Investors Meeting -11th March ,2026 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to final day of Bharat Connect conference. I would like to extend a warm welcome, all 
of you, to conference call of Creative Graphics Solution India Limited. 
 
Joining us today from the management team, Deepanshu Goel, MD, and Pulkit Agrawal, CFO. Before I hand over the call to management, let me briefly 
outline the flow of today's session. 
 
We will begin with the briefly introduction and opening remark from the management, following which we will move into the question-and-answer sessions. 
Participants who wish to ask a question may raise their hand using platform features and submit their questions in the chat box. 
 
We will first take a question from participants who will raise their hands, and thereafter move on the questions received from the chat box. If time permits 
toward the end, we will also address few questions that we will receive from the client. We are unable to join call today. 
 
Please note that we will take the last question approximately 5 minutes before the schedule end of the session, so that we can conclude the call on the time. 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to management for their opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Hi, everyone. I am Deepanshu Goel, Chairman and Managing Director of Creative Graphics Solutions India Limited. 
 I would give you through to the company's profile. The company was started in 2001. These are the some, that is the basic structure of the company. Creative 
graphic solution has 3 arms. One is creative graphics which deals in flexographic printing plates. Second is Wahren India Private Limited, which is a 
manufacturing diversification of pharmaceutical packaging. Third is CG premedia, which is a strategic investment for the direct communication to all the 
brand. It deals in mockups and other art working solutions to the brand owners. So, we got listed on 9th of April last year. 
 
And these are the business verticals of Creative Graphics, as I described, this deals in flexographic plates. Wahren deals in pharmaceutical packaging and CG 
Premedia in mock-up, and other artwork activities. 
 
So, if you see that there has been a lot of commonality, we started Creative Graphics Flexo almost 25 years back. and after that, three years ago, we started 
with Wahren and later on CG Premedia. Those are having a lot of common area of working. There are a lot of common clients, and because of creative 
graphics, our exposure was not into pharmaceutical companies, and we found an opportunity. 
 
To get this area discovered, which is ALU ALU FOIL, PVDC, PVC, and other pharmaceutical packaging for OSD drug. So, this is the journey we started in 
early 2000. Then we changed from our Proprietorship company to Private Limited in 2014, in between. We acquired a very reputed company by the name of 
Color Dot in Chennai in 2017. We acquired another company by the name of Digiflex in Baddi. And we started our pre-media business 2021 and launched 
ALU ALU FOILS And this business in 2023. And now we got listed last year, 9th of April, and now we started the new technology, new practice in Bangalore 
and Oman. 
 
And we had acquired in between some asset of PVC, PVDC and tender machine through NCLT, which have already been commissioned. 
So, this is a demographic presence of us. With the new flexo units coming in Oman and Bangalore. So I'll give you a brief description of Flexographic industry, 
So, for a lot of people, this could be a new. A line of business, a lot of people might not be knowing about the creative graphics solution India Limited, so I 
will take you a brief, take you through, for a brief knowledge of this subject. So, flexography is a process where we print on a substrate, this a printing process 
which can print on all the print media. And this is one of the safest and most sustainable process. There have been other processes like offset, gravure and third 
is flexography, which is a relatively new process. market is still dominated by regular gravure and offset process. 
And if you talk about the worldwide. Flexography has been a leader now. If we talk about the development part, it is the most used technology giving to 
advantages of sustainability, lesser cost of operation and versatility of the processes. 
 
So, flexography has a lot of application right from if you see any labels right from a Dabur Amala hair oil to pharmaceutical to any liquor they are being printed 
through flexography plates. If you talk about the flexible packaging, if you see any milk,  Tata salt, Amul Milk, and so many sanitary napkins, Pamper for 
children. A lot many things are being printed through flexography. Same with the Tetra Pack and this kind of packaging, which are barrier pack. 
 
And after that corrugation is a huge industry for flexographic printing. It was into offset package printing, but now the market is converting very fast to 
flexography printing. Children notebooks, paper cups, and there are so many other variants which are being printed with the flexography. 
 
So, this is a rough image of flexographic plate. So, what is the advantage of creative graphics? So we have 9 units across India. This business is based on a on 
a high decision quality, Low tax, the knowledge of the subject, knowledge of the printing, different kind of printing processes, knowledge of it. It requires a 
lot of knowledge. And understanding of even a small dot. It requires a lot of technical know-how. And you have to build an infrastructure, because this business 
is like a Zomato business. Everybody requires plate within a short duration, and it has to print at a very, very high precision graphics. 
So, we have over a period of 25 years, we have built a state-of-the-art infrastructure. That is the ecosystem right from getting a job from the client to delivery. 
We have made an impactable system to deliver within time in the high-quality plate. 
 
And we have been working with large clients, right, from Emami to Tata chemicals to Unilever to P&G, to PepsiCo and so many others. 
 
And, presence of present 9 places has given us advantage of being closer to the client, being reducing the turn around times and getting a very, very high 
quality and service approach. So we have been working with the large companies. We have a preferred buyer from the large company, like MacDermid, Kodak, 
which is now Miracle, Dupont, etc. 
 
So, this is a process where the client sends us a design. It goes to prepress, prepress is nothing, but it's an engineering of that design where we adapt the design 
to different printing condition, different inks, different papers, different films, and so many other parameters. So that is called color engineering and prepress, 
and after that, that sort file is get imaged. And a laser image onto a plate which is a nylon plate in a rough language. through a special machine, which is called 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
CTP, and after that CTP, we just process the plate through a lot of chemicals and goes through a lot of many processes to get a hard image embossed into that 
machine into that plate. 
 
So, these are very few clients of us. Just to give you a small glimpse of the profile of the customer we are working with.  
Now we have, as I told you, we have expanded with Bangalore, and we just have started in Oman. Oman is a strategic location for us, we are very, very 
enthusiastic about the new setup. It gives us an advantage of reducing our delivery time to different market of GCC and Africa and we see a lot of opportunities 
there. Bangalore is also a strategic investment where we are witnessing a huge growth in flexographic printing and processes. It gives a direct access into the 
south market. to Bangalore, Mangalore, and we think that we will be witnessing a huge growth in Bangalore too. 
 
For now, we come to the second vertical of our critical group which is bottom India. Wahren, was actually launched, soft launched in 23. And we have been 
making a basic Alu-Alu loop file to start with. We started with a low capex machine with a custom calico, and we had a capacity of 8,000 per annum. But 
within a span of two and a half years, we have already reached 80% of the capacity utilization. Our orders are spilling to the next month. So, we have gone for 
a next expansion, max expansion already. We have already acquired Italian European machine, which is again a state of the art machine which will take our 
capacity, install capacity from 8,000 ton to 20,000 tons. This is in the last leg of commissioning and we think that we will have a first commercial sale of the 
new machine from the first quarter of the next year. 
 
So, this is a basic structure. It requires OPA, adhesive foil and PVC. It is a very, very highly technical product, because when the cavities form the pressure, it 
should not crack, it should not delaminate. 
 
With our exposure and experience with lot many companies over a period of time, we could get this kind of a technology. And Wahren, I'll take that kind of 
route that Wahren's the fastest growing company and has been now within a Span of two and a half years, you have earned that kind of a reputation, which is 
making it easier for us to penetrate into a very high barrier market of pharmaceutical packaging. 
 
So, we have all the compliances which are required by big companies, BPD, DMF, we have built an impeccable infrastructure which requires a lot many 
machines, state-of-the-art machines and infrastructure. 
 
So, these are few clients, right from Cadila, Ajanta, Zydus, Macleods Also, we have now, Aristro, we have Torrent, we have So many other companies, 
Markland’s we have been supplying to a lot, many companies, and we have also started exports to different markets now. 
 
So we found that along with the Alu -Alu, which was a basic product of pharmaceutical packaging. We found that there is a lot of scope in the adjacent product 
because we can supply the different products to the same clients. But the one product which is very, very popular is PVC, PVDC, where the PVC layer is being 
coated with a PVDC solution. 
 
But the machine was very expensive, the initial investment was for a new machine was 20 crores. But we found this asset. We were lucky enough to get an 
asset at a very low price of 2 crore rupees through NCLT. So, we invested that, we invested in that machine and we, took over that infrastructure. And now 
this machine has already been commissioned and has started production. 
 
And we have started sampling to a lot many big companies, and we are hopeful that we'll start with at least 10 to 15% of the capacity utilization. To begin 
with, starting the next month. The market is huge when it comes to PVDC. If you're in the PVC firm, there's a very huge potential to the export market. This 
is a new facility. This is our new PVDC factory. 
 
These are the actual pictures of the new plant where you see that on the left side, there's a PVC PVDC machine, this blue machine, which is under this EHU 
environment. And the setting on the right is a tandem machine. Tandem is also a very, very important acquisition of us, which we also got through NCLT. The 
actual cost of this machine is close to 3 million dollars. But we got at a very, very cheap price of close to 5 crore rupees. 
 
This machine enables us to produce some special kind of products, which has a better realization and less competition when it comes to suppliers. It opens a 
different kind of a product line, which is being demanded in the market at a very, very huge quantities. We are very, very hopeful that, this acquisition will 
give a different paradigm to our company’s potential. 
 
And the third division of Creative graphics group is pre-media services. It's a very small entity. It is largely direct communication of our company to the large 
entities, like Mars, Unilever and PepsiCo and so many other companies where we do the soft. But for now, before initiation a new product, the product, the 
marketing team requires a mock-up of the new packaging, which we provide through CG Premedia. There are some artwork changes. We do it through CG 
pre-media business of us and one part is 3D CGI, where we make. You might have seen so many advertisements where a car is moving, or a chocolate, or 
these things are moving, this is done through 3D CGI, which we do. We also do in CG Premedia. So, these are a few clients of us of CG Premedia. 
 
So far, for the financial update, I would ask our CFO, Mr. Pulkit Agarwal, to give you all the updates. Thank you. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- I am Pulkit Agrawal, and I'll run you through the financial updates of the company. So, this slide shows the revenue growth that the company 
has achieved over the last few years. 
 
This is a promoter-led company started by a first-generation entrepreneur and with sweat and blood. In 2020, we were less than 50 crores of annual turnover 
with a single business that is flexography, and with only four or five branches. Since then, we have steadily continued to grow. As a business have grown at a 
CAGR of 51% last year, around the same time when we had reported these numbers, the CAGR was around 41%. So, we are actually improving on the growth 
on the top line year on year. We closed the last financial year, which is FY 24-25 at 250 plus crores of annual turnover, majority of this, came from the 
pharmaceutical packaging business, which is the ALU ALU  business. 
 
And the parent company, which houses the flexography business, was actually overshadowed by a newer business. So, we are investing money consciously in 
areas which are high-growth areas, while also growing the high profit margin business, which is the flexography business. The flexography business is high 
profit margin business, but the product is very customized. The pharma packaging business is a more volume-based business, where we can do a lot of volume 
very quickly because of focus on high quality, because of our existing network in the pharmaceutical industry, due to the presence that we had in the flexography 
business, we were able to achieve a lot of good in roads into the pharmaceutical packaging industry. 
 
And we are losing that as a launch pad for expanding into adjacent products, which are PVC, PDVC and tandem products that Deepanshu just mentioned. 
 
For the first half of FY26, we have done 175 crores at the consolidated level, so again, doing our best to continue the growth story. And the same is reflected 
on the profits as well. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
The profits have grown almost 68% CAGR over the same period. we closed the last financial year for the first time, achieving 20 plus crores of profit at the 
annual level. 
 
For the first 6 months of the year, we did profits of 12 plus crores at the PAT level after tax. And, we will continue to drive the business accordingly. So that 
we continue to grow. at the business front, after all the Capex is completed, that we mentioned, so we are doing several new expansions in the business in the 
flexography business, we have two new plants, which is Oman and Bangalore. 
 
And in the flexography, in the pharmaceutical packaging business, we have 3 new lines, the tandem line, the PVC, PVDC line, and the Alu-Alu capacity 
expansion. So, a lot of expansion going on. With all the expansion club together with the existing capacity that we have. I believe we have a visibility to 
achieve thousand plus crores of annual turnover. 
 
Now it is up to us to execute on this plan and achieve that over a period of the next couple of years. So, the road ahead is set for us for growth, and we are 
working headstone to achieve that.  
 
That is it, from our side in terms of a quick introduction, we would like to give enough room for people to ask their questions, so that we can answer them and 
do justice properly. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you, sir. We will now move further to the question-and-answer session. 
 
Prasenjit Paul, unmute yourself and ask your questions. 
 
Prasenjit Paul- Good afternoon, everyone. I hope I am audible. So, my first question is regarding the current Middle East conflict and the swearing oil price. 
What kind of margin impact you can foresee, if you can determine the percentage, like, this is the percentage of margin that will get impacted due to the Middle 
East conflict and rising oil price. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- The right knowledge of VUCA world is a lot of volatility, a lot of turbulence. It would not be right to give a right percentage; it would not 
be possible to give an exact percentage of impact. So, we are just waiting and watching, because there's a lot of impact on the supply chain also. The freight 
has been increasing. We are trying to commit to convert this change to the supplier, we are just waiting, and it will be too early to judge all these kinds of 
implied as if now. 
 
Prasenjit Paul- Okay. And sir, you have mentioned in the presentation of 1000 crore turnover target, so what's the internal target, like in how many years you 
are going to achieve, what CAGR rate? 
 
Deepanshu Goel - So, we think by.. Can we give that kind of a, Pulkit? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- So, we have stated earlier that we are looking to double our revenue every year. It will not happen in a straight line. But there will be, you 
know, lockstep kind of, growth. So, you can, basically do the forecasting from there. 
 
Prasenjit Paul- Okay, and if I just remove the word impact. So, is it even possible to sustain the current level of margin? Because I guess the low margin 
product contribution will come into the more into your overall revenue. So, even if I just remove the word Middle East conflict thing, so how much will be the 
margin will be impacted to achieve that turnover? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Very temporary situation, Prasenjit, as for the margin is concerned, it could have some impact currently, but over a period of time, we don't 
see any impact of war on our profit profile. 
 
Prasenjit Paul -Okay, okay, thanks, that's all, and we just know the message. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Hi Prasenjit, I request to please limit yourself. Only two questions. 
 
Prasenjit Paul- Yeah, I'm done. I am done, kindly proceed for the next participant. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Oh, thank you. Hello everyone, I request to please limit yourself only two questions, as we have limited time. Next to move, 
Raunak Bansal, please go ahead, unmute yourself. 
 
We need to move to next participants, Subham Jain, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
 
Subham Jain- Hello, am I audible? Yeah, sir, I have a simple question. I have been  hearing that there has been an oversupply in the aluminum packaging 
sector. Can you throw a bit of color on that if there's a supply issue or something like that in the industry. And how have you been positioning, yourself, given 
aluminum prices have been going up? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- So, when it comes to oversupply, we really don't see our orders per month are getting spilled to the next month. 
We are getting strong traction of orders for the exports also. There have been a lot many positive inquiries, and lot many productive interactions are happening 
on a daily basis. 
 
So we don't see any dip in the demand in coming years. There's a huge demand which is coming to pharma sector. 
So, as for the aluminum prices are concerned, being good so metal, it remains volatile item. It has become much volatile as of now. 
But largely, we are able to transfer any price changes to our buyers. We take orders every month, and the prices are on a N-1 basis. 
So, we don't see any challenges as of now. 
 
Subham Jain- Is it a complete pass-through or a partial pass-through of cost, to the… 
 
Deepanshu Goel- At times not possible to pass a complete change. At times, it is possible. So, it is a mix and match kind of a situation, different for the 
different clients. 
 
Subham Jain- Okay, sir. Yeah, sir, thanks for your time. 
 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 
Deepanshu Goel- Thank you, thank you. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you. Next question from Harshit Khadka. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Khadka- Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible?  
 
Deepanshu Goel- You are, Yes. 
 
Harshit Khadka- Thank you. Sir, what kind of capacity utilization are we looking for FY-27 and FY-28? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- So as far as the ALU ALU is concerned. We would be having a 20,000-ton capacity, installed capacity, and You think we would be able to 
achieve more than 50% of the installed capacity in year 27? 
and as far as the PVDC, other kinds of concern, we think that we would have an overall capitalization in the need of 30-40% to start for the FY27. 
 
Harshit Khadka- Okay, and what kind of console EBITDA margins are we looking at for the same period, like FY-27 and 28? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Pulkit, please. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- We generally don't give that guidance. And especially so, given the VUCA world that we are living in right now. 
I'll give you two pointers. We are very bullish on the Alu-Alu business,and this also speaks to the previous question. We are bullish on the value business on 
the long term. 
 
We expect the demand to continue strong. In any month, our order book has exceeded our supply capacity, which is why we have expanded the capacity. We 
are in the process of expanding the Alu-Alu capacity, and are also entering into adjacent products. Okay. In terms of margins, the aluminum prices have risen 
very quickly, which has impacted our margins somewhat in the past because of the oversupply. We have booked orders, but we have not been able to supply 
them. So next month when we procure raw material and supply. 
 
It impacts us. That said, we do not expect the impact to continue forever, because the new capacity will come in, and we will be able to meet orders within the 
same month. 
 
In the long term, we expect our EBITDA margins in the ALU-ALU value business to be low teens 11, 12%, maybe 13%, also to be, increased by the higher 
margin products that are the tandem line products and the PVC, PVDC products. 
 
And the Flexography business should continue to hold its EBITDA margins of high teens to low 20s. 
 
So that will be the contributing numbers for the overall, consolidated terms. Does that answer your question, Harshit? 
 
Harshit Khadka- Yes, sir. So, sir, when we say 1000 crore of top line, so how much of that contribution will come from the Alu-Alu business, as we are so 
bullish on it? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- So, Alu Alu value, I would say, around 75% to 80% will come from the pharma packaging business, which will include Alu-Alu, which will 
have PVC, PVDC, which will have the tandem line. 
 
Harshit Khadka- Okay, sir. Got it, thank you. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you. Next question from Deepak Poddar, please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Poddar- Hello, Am I Audible? Okay, great. Thank you very much for this opportunity and the good presentation. So, I just wanted to understand on 
the Wahren side. 
 
You mentioned the commercialization will be first quarter, right? I mean, so we expect revenue to start from first quarter itself, for Wahren and PVDC, I mean, 
any revenue coming in, currently, or we expect revenue to come from April only. 
 
Deepanshu Goel - you have, like, for the new expansion, we are in the last leg of commissioning. We hope to start actually production in the first quarter of 
the next year. 
And,for the PVC, PVDC line and tender line,we have already started sampling and,initial exercise. 
 
Deepak Poddar- Okay, okay, so at the annual… 
 
Deepanshu Goel- we have started very small commercial transaction. As in when required, but we need a good speed up in the coming year. 
 
Deepak Poddar- But revenue will start from first quarter. Would that be an item? But from Wahren a new capacity. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- For the new capacity, yes. For the some of this has already been started at a very, very low level, but for the new expansion, we would start 
from the first quarter, for sure. 
 
Deepak Poddar- Okay. Okay, okay, that's great. And given the… I mean, the capacity and the realization that we have, I mean, at 20,000, the revenue potential 
of Wahren would be close to 700-750 crores? I mean, would that be a right understanding? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- If a price range between that is true. Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar- Oh. And then for PVDC, it would be close to about, what, 200 to 250 crores, right? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Yes  
 
Deepak Poddar- Also, given the capacity utilization you mentioned, I mean, we do expect FY-27 to see a very robust growth, right? Because 50% capacity 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 
utilization from Wahren and 30-40 for PVDC rightly means plus we add flexo. So ideally, we do expect a very good growth for federal agent. 
 
Deepanshu Goel -Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar-Okay, okay, okay. That's great, and just one last thing, on the demand scenario, I mean, you did mention that we are very bullish on this, uh, 
on the pharma packaging side. But given the extent of our capacity expansion from 8,000 to 20, it's a big jump. 
I mean, will it be very difficult for us to kind of push through our new capacity? Because we are targeting 50% utilization, that ideally means we are moving 
up from 8,000 to, let's say by 10,000, I mean, at 80% capacity utilization, we'll be at 6 - 6,500, right, for this year. So, from 6,500 to 10,000 for next year. So, 
will it be very difficult for us to push through the material, or we have got enough demand, and it will not be a difficult product. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- I don't see any challenges, because we have been taking, or we are short of supplies every month. The order has been book has been bigger 
than our supplies, so our orders are spilling to another month. 
 
Secondly, there has been a lot many new clients acquisition. I don't see any challenge of this kind at all. 
 
Deepak Poddar-Okay, understood. Okay, all the very best people. That would be done from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you. Next question from Shubham Jain. Please go ahead, unmute yourself. 
 
Shubham Jain- Hello 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Hi 
 
Shubham Jain- Hi, Hi Sir, I have two questions. The first question is, sir, as you said that, you know, are slightly long-term ambition is to reach 1,000 crores 
in a couple of years, and assuming that you double the revenue every year, which is what, sir was telling, then maybe by FY28, we can expect this number to 
be achieved. 
 
So my question on this is, sir, in order to achieve this number, do we have to still raise any more funds or we will be able to do this with whatever investment 
we have done so far? 
And if we have to raise funds, then how are we gonna do this, either through equity or debt, and how much to the to what tune we have to raise it? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Good question. the first thing is that we are largely done with the Capex. We don't require any capex, maybe the large capex as of now, 
maybe a small here or there for some kind of material or some kind of a small capacity changes or some extension of something, but not nothing major. 
 
So, as for the working capitals are required, we would try to take that as much as possible initially, when required. We don't have any plan as of now to dilute 
the equity further. 
 
Shubham Jain -Got it. But, sir, with the existing, like, whatever investment we have done so far, and with the existing capacities, up to what revenue, we 
would not even need any debt. I'm just trying to understand, without any further dilution or any impact on the balance sheet in terms of… not balance sheet, 
sorry, EBITDA, impact. 
Basically, due to interest. What is the revenue that we can reach comfortably? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal-It's a tough question to ask, right? Because we are expanding on a daily basis. I can see that, at least for the next 6 months, we are okay and 
we are actively speaking with other sources of funds, which are debt-focused. So, depending on those discussions, I can say that, at least for the foreseeable. 
 
A few quarters, we will not need any support, additional support and we will have that discussion once we cross that bridge. That will be a function of how 
much working capital, the new business is consuming, how quickly we can rotate the capital. Right now, the business is too young to be speaking about those 
numbers. We obviously have our internal calculations, but we don't want to build expectations on those at the moment. 
 
Shubham Jain-Got it, got it, sir. And sir, the second question is that during the last con-call, you said that, you know, because we are trying to onboard our 
large pharma clients, obviously we have to sort of give them a good credit period, which is 90 days so now, keeping that in mind, how are we planning to take 
care of this working capital and the CFO part? Because I think CFO has been negative, obviously, because we are expanding and working capital also 
requirement will increase as we are giving 90 days credit. So, what is the plan to handle this? Because obviously this will directly impact your funding thing, 
I'm assuming. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal-That's a good question. So, our, debtor’s days have now transitioned to a higher number, as we are continuously targeting bigger and larger 
customers and in the pharma industry, it seems 90 days is the norm. 
 
So, we are working with what the market is expecting from us. We are right now looking at more debt, so that we can fund the working capital, and we are 
actively speaking with some financiers who can provide off-balance sheet solutions to step on our behalf and fund the debtors. So this is a scalable or balance 
sheet program. 
 
Shubham Jain- Understood and sir, who will bear the interest in that part? Which the solution, the off-balance sheet, I'm assuming for that, it's like an invoice 
bill discounting, right? Like, someone has to pay the upfront subvention for that. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- There's no free lunch. If we bear the interest, we make it into the price. 
 
Shubham Jain -Got it, got it. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- If the customer bears it, then… 
 
Shubham Jain-Understood. Thank you, thank you, sir. Thanks for answering all my questions. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you. Next question for Krimesh Gala. Please go ahead, unmute yourself. 
 
Krimesh Gala - Hello, can you hear me? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Yeah, Hi 
 
Krimesh Gala - How are you, sir?  so I wanted to ask, like, what is our selling price both in PVDC and ALU ALU as of now, and versus what it was in H1? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- He's asking what is the selling price of Alu-Alu foil now versus what it was in H1? and same for PVDC. 
 
Krimesh Gala -Yes. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- The PVDC,so,  we are relatively very new, we do not have any production in the last half year, so we just started. And, we talk about this, 
there has been a 7-8% increase in the pricing for a period of time, because there has been an increase in all the raw material prices. So, we talk about the general 
price change. It is, 7-8%. 
 
Krimesh Gala- Okay. And so, what are our utilization levels in the ALU-ALU plant as of now? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- It is close to 80%. 
 
Krimesh Gala -Okay. And so, there was a land parcel which you were gonna sell it, is it done? Or is it not done, then what are we… like, what is the problem? 
That's why? 
 
Deepanshu Goel-No problem, land parcel is still with us. There is, it has to be… go through all the normal processes. It is being made functional. There's a 
map is under Noida authority, So it will take some time. 
 
Krimesh Gala -Okay. Thank you. Sir, in case of tandem line, can you help us,like, what are the products, what is the realization level, and as the machine, up 
and started running and what is our peak revenue realization for the tandem line? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Tandem, lines are very, very interesting piece of, equipment, it is two studio on the line, it gives a liberty to a producer to make a very, very 
specialized products, the products like CR foils, the products like contraceptive films. The product, like, Lamita, if you know Lamitube, this is a product which 
is being used for all the toothpaste, or all this ointment, the product you see in a colgate, that is also very, very interesting product. And there are some different 
3 layer, 4-layer structures, which are… which cannot be processed through a normal machine. So, we… so this is… we are really, really bullish, and if you 
see all the ORS packaging. Can we meet through this product? Then it enables it actually enlarges the product profile of us, giving not many, you know 
penetration to the… into the untouched market. So, it will take some time to come to that capacity, because we are right now in the face of giving samples to 
pick up things like Landmark or so many other companies and, we think that… this capacity, because it's a different products at a different point, I will not be 
able to give you the right capacity as per say ton each because different product has a different production cycles? But if you see in numbers, We think it can 
add to, close to 100 crore rupees per annum in a full capacity. 
 
Krimesh Gala -Okay. Okay, so, and would we require any, working capital for next 2 years, since we are planning to grow 100% year on year? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal-Yes, yes, we are in active discussions for arranging that. 
We will definitely require working capital. 
 
Krimesh Gala -Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you. If I have any other questions, I'll get back to you. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Okay, thank you. Next question from Pratam Agrawal. Please go ahead. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Hi, Pritam, unmute yourself. Next question from Raunak Bansal. Please unmute yourself. 
 
Raunak Bansal- Hello, sir, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is, aluminum prices have risen in the past year, and it has put pressure in our Alu-
Alu margins as well in H1, we can see and further from H1 end, also, it has risen further. So, how have we tackled that and passed on the prices to our 
customers? I mean, what lag? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- For aluminum being very volatile in recent times, we, as I earlier mentioned, that we take some order. This is the monthly pricing, but at 
time, what is actually happening is that we take an order, but we're not able to complete the order because of some capacity shortages, then we have to take 
this order to the next month at the same price. That is the only challenge we have been facing. Otherwise, we are able to transfer that price to our buyers every 
month on the month basis. 
 
Raunak Bansal- So, one month, rice it will take. One month lag is there Yeah, so another question that I have is, like, this volatility in aluminum is there, so, 
like, can we expect more traction on the PVDC side in the coming year and we focusing more to utilize the PVDC capacity in FY27? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Sure, we are getting a lot of traction in PVC and PDVC. A lot of export inquiries. There are right now, our team is in Nepal, we have another 
show in Bangladesh, which are new upcoming markets. And there is a huge, Opportunity for us to cater to… 
 
Raunak Bansal- And also, sir, like, why are we are not hedging 100%, given the war times and such a volatile period? 
Why are we not fetching the aluminum practices?  
 
Pulkit Agrawal -I think the hedging costs have been prohibitively high in recent times. Other than that, we have no inhibition from hedging. 
 
Raunak Bansal-Yes, yes, you got that. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal Hello? Did you… did you get my answer, Raunak? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal – Got It. 
 
Deepanshu Goel -and secondly, we don't have any long-term contract with any of the client. 
 
Raunak Bansal- Yeah, but that would make the business risk-free, that was my point of view of asking this question. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
Deepanshu Goel-That is a point taken, and we know about the hedging, but there has been cost is so high in recent time, there is no point of taking that kind 
of a cost absorption. 
 
Raunak Bansal -Thank you for answering my question, sir 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd -Thank you. Next question from Manohar Rao, please unmute yourself and ask your questions. 
 
Deepanshu Goel- Hi, Manohar 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav- Hi, sir, there have been a lot of questions on these pricing and all that. Maybe I'll ask it clearly, so that, you know, for benefit of 
everybody as well. So, we did about 6% of net profit margin in the second half of financial year 25 in our Wahren business. Then we did about 4% of Net 
profit margin in the first half of financial year 26. So, we had a 10% gross margin cut, and about 2%, you know, and 200 basis points in the net margin, which 
got wiped off because of the aluminum increase. Now, since first half, there is another 20-30% rise in the aluminum prices. Is the management forcing the 
PAT margins to further fall from the 4% what we have done in the first half? Or how is it going to pan out in future, sir? I mean, that is the question, sir. 
 
Deepanshu Goel -So the whole of the Profit is not about the change in the pricing of aluminum. It is only not only the aluminum. There have been a lot of 
expansion going on. You know, there have been a lot of expansion, the new addition, so that is maybe a temporary some pressure on PAT, or  profit profile 
but on a longer duration, we don't see any challenge of this slot. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -So these should be maintained, sir? I mean, the H1 numbers which we have given. 
 
Deepanshu Goel - So this, I think we will not be able to give you that kind of a forecasting as of now. But they should be largely maintained. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav- Okay. And, second question, like, sir, you have told that you are having overflow of orders, and once the capacity will start, maybe, you 
know, then you will be better off in your margin profile. Could you just explain this a little bit more, sir? Like. 
 
Deepanshu Goel -Yes. Sure, sure, sure. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -In like months term, like how many months of extra order you have, or in tonnage terms, how many extra you have in, you know, when 
this commercialization starts, how does that not impact you or benefit you, sir? 
 
Deepanshu Goel -So, largely, Manhar, we carry 15-20 days of over orders. So we have been taking to the next month, so with the capacity… new capacity 
installation, we think that we'll be able to serve to the all the clients in the same month. There has been always pressure onto the production side to deliver it 
more, but there have been some challenges, because this production capacity. 
 So, with the new capacity, we think that it's going to start very soon. We see that will improve because our fixed costs will go down further, because we're 
going to adjacent, not many, very high increase in the fixed cost, we will see a larger over changes, this would eventually reduce the cost. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -Got it. Sir, sir,  one more question is, Given that, the difference between Alu-Alu and PVDC pricing is now very large because of the 
rise in aluminum prices. Are you seeing that the customers are demanding more PVDC now? Even the Alu-Alu customers, because the costing is so high? Is 
this shift happening now in the industry, and is it…Like, you might have a benefit as of now in the industry, given that. Any player who is just selling Alu-
Alu, if… because you have a multi-product now, will that benefit you? Because to help attain customer in a better way, is that something happening in that 
industry as of now? 
 
Deepanshu Goel- One of the biggest advantages of being in pharma industry is that changes come very slow. I would advantage or disadvantage is the antivirus 
so high, and also if they want to change a product, it's not easy. They can't do it because now the PVC PVDC is much cheaper. There are a lot of barriers 
involved. It's not just to show somebody that aluminum is a better product. 
 
There is different chemical formulation of medicines which work differently under different barrier. So, aluminum is a different barrier, different moisture 
properties and the PVC PVDC have a different moisture properties. So, it is not decided by a purchaser of a company that this product is cheaper, let's start 
using it. It has to go through all the process. It has to go through the stability which comes in the six months to one year goes through a lot of many things. It 
goes through the market. It is not an easy change. So I don't think this is going to happen in the near future. And both markets are going in a strong direction. 
The PVC market is getting connected to PVDC, so the whole, Overall OSB market is in a strong demand state. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -Sir, I have just one last question from Mr. Pulkit. In the earlier questions, we were, in the earlier con call, we were saying and talking 
about bill discounting. So what is the status on that, and how far we have been able to come on that, and what kind of progress we have been able to achieve 
on that? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal- We are in active discussions, Manhar, and there are some offers on the table as well. I will not be able to give you details about individual 
deals that we are working on. But there are some offers on the table right now. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -By when do we expect to at least materialize, sir? Not the individual deal, but any kind of materialization, by when do you see any kind 
of first breakthrough or metallization of any kind of bill discounting on any kind of contract? 
 
Pulkit Agrawal -I think within… within the next one month, we should be able to have something. 
 
Manhar Rao Yadav -Okay, sir. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
 
Pulkit Agrawal -Thank you. 
 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd- Thank you, all of you. Due to time constraint, we will allow now to conclude the call on the behalf of Arihant Capital, I would 
like to sincerely thank the management team for taking time as to join today. And for sharing their valuable insight about the company. 
 
If participants have any query, they may get in touch with the team of Arihant Capitals, and we will happy to assist you. You may disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 