[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: 20.03.2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C /1, G Block,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051, Maharashtra, India. 
 
Scrip Symbol: SUPREMEPWR 
Subject: Intimation of upgraded in credit rating under the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (‘Listing Regulations’) , we wish to inform that the 
CRISIL (Credit Rating Information Services of India Limited) has upgraded its long-term rating 
and short – term rating on the Bank facilities of the Company (‘Supreme Power Equipment 
Limited’), the details of which are as under: 
 
Name of the Agency  Ratings  Remark 
CRISIL CRISIL BBB/ Stable ( Upgraded 
from ‘CRISIL BBB-/ Stable’) 
 
Long-term Scale 
CRISIL CRISIL A3+ (Upgraded from 
‘CRISIL A3’) 
Short-term Scale 
 
A copy of Instrument Details for Credit Rating issued by CRISIL is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited  
 
Vee Rajmohan           
Managing Director 
DIN: 00844400 
[page 2]
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
CONFIDENTIAL
RL/SPPEPL/384597/BLR/0326/142145
March 20, 2026                                                                                                                                                              
Mr. Vee. Rajmohan
Managing Director
Supreme Power Equipment Limited
55, 10th Cross Street, 
SIDCO Industrial Estate,
Thirumazhisai, 
Tiruvallur - 600124
9940048258
Dear Mr. Vee. Rajmohan,
Re: Review of Crisil Ratings on the bank facilities of Supreme Power Equipment Limited
All ratings assigned by Crisil Ratings are kept under continuous surveillance and review.
Please find in the table below the ratings outstanding for the debt instruments/facilities of the company, and the rating 
actions by Crisil Ratings on the ratings as on date.
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.80 Crore
Long Term Rating Crisil BBB/Stable (Upgraded from 'Crisil BBB-/Stable')
Short Term Rating Crisil A3+ (Upgraded from 'Crisil A3')
(Bank-wise details as per Annexure 1)
As per our Rating Agreement, Crisil Ratings would disseminate the ratings, along with the outlook, through its 
publications and other media, and keep the ratings, along with the outlook, under surveillance over the life of the 
instrument/facility. Crisil Ratings reserves the right to withdraw, or revise the ratings, along with the outlook, at any time, 
on the basis of new information, or unavailability of information, or other circumstances which Crisil Ratings believes 
may have an impact on the ratings. Please visit www.crisilratings.com and search with the name of the rated entity to 
access the latest rating/s.
In the event of the company not availing the proposed facilities within a period of 180 days from the date of this letter, a 
fresh letter of revalidation from Crisil Ratings will be necessary.
This letter will remain valid till March 31, 2026. After this date, please insist for a new rating letter (dated later than March 
31, 2026).
Should you require any clarification, please feel free to get in touch with us.
With warm regards,
Yours sincerely,
                         
     
Sajesh Kv         Nivedita Shibu
Associate Director - Crisil Ratings         Director - Crisil Ratings
[page 3]
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
Annexure 1 - Bank-wise details of various facility classes (outstanding facilities)
S.No. Bank Facility Bank Amount (Rs. 
in Crore) Outstanding Rating
1 Bank Guarantee IndusInd Bank Limited 21 Crisil A3+
2 Cash Credit Axis Bank Limited 2 Crisil BBB/Stable
3 Cash Credit ICICI Bank Limited 5 Crisil BBB/Stable
4 Cash Credit IndusInd Bank Limited 4 Crisil BBB/Stable
5 Letter of Credit IndusInd Bank Limited 5 Crisil A3+
6 Proposed Working Capital 
Facility -- 2.63 Crisil BBB/Stable
7 Rupee Term Loan ICICI Bank Limited 40 Crisil BBB/Stable
8 Working Capital Term Loan IndusInd Bank Limited 0.37 Crisil BBB/Stable
Total 80
