[page 1]
 
 
Date: 25.09.2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C I Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai -400051, Maharashtra, India 
Sub: Summary of proceedings of 21stAnnual General Meeting of the Company for the 
financial year 202 5- 26 held on Friday, 25th September, 2026 at 02:00 PM (IST) through 
video conference (VC)/ other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM). 
Ref: Intimation under SEBI (Lis ting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We refer to our letter dated September 01, 2026, informing you about the 21st Annual General 
Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Members of the Company scheduled through Video  Conference 
(VC) / Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) on September 25, 2026.  
In this regard, we wish to inform that the AGM was held on Friday, 25th September, 2026, 
through VC/OAVM, in compliance with related circulars issued by Ministry of  Corporate 
Affairs, Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’) and other  applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013.  
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewi th the summary of proceedings of  21st 
AGM of the Company held on September 25, 2026. 
The meeting commenced at 02:00 P.M and concluded at 02:40 P.M.  
We kindly request you to take the above submission on record.  
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited    
      
    
Priyanka Bansal           
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
[page 2]
 
 
Summary of Proceeding of 21st Annual General Meeting of Supreme 
Power Equipment Limited 
 
 
The 21st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
(the company) was held on Friday 25th day of S eptember 202 6 at 02:00 P.M. through 
VC/OAVM in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and various Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) in this regard.  
 
Mr. Vee Rajmohan , Chairman of the Company , welcomed the members to the  21st Annual 
General Meeting  of the Company on virtual platform  and introduced those who were present 
along with him viz. M r. Tulasiraman Boologa Nathan CFO and  Priyanka Bansal Company  
Secretary, at the meeting venue -55, SIDCO INDUSTRIAL ESTATES, THIRUMAZHISAI, 
Thirumushi, Tiruvallur, Poonamallee, Tamil Nadu, India, 600124. Thereafter, the Directors who 
have participated in the AGM through VC introduced themselves. The members were briefed on 
details relating to their participation at the Meeting through audio-visual means and E-voting.  
 
The Chairman welcomed the Members to the AGM and on requisite quorum being present, called 
the AGM to order.  
 
Apart f rom all the Directors of the Company, Mr. R Rajaram representing M/s. PPN and 
Company Statutory Auditor of the company, Mr. Susanta Kumar Dehury, Proprietor M/s SKD & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, Secretarial auditor of the compan y, and Mr. 
Natarajan Sivashankaran , (M/s N. Sivashankaran & Co.), Cost Auditor of the Company were 
present at the Meeting through VC from their respective locations. 
 
The Company Secretary has briefed the members on the relevant provisions of Companies Act, 
2013 under which the meeting is conducted and the procedural aspects of the meeting.  
 
Chairman, then addressed the Members  wherein he has briefed about the performance of the 
Company during FY 2025-26 and future growth/strategic plans of the Company. 
 
Thereafter, the  Chairman w ith the consent of the Members present, has taken the Notice 
convening the AGM as read.  
 
Thereafter, the Company secretary informed the members, there were no qualifications, 
observations or adverse comments on statutory auditors’ reports on th e Standalone and 
Consolidation financial statements and matters, which have any material bearing on the 
functioning of the Company. 
  
 
[page 3]
 
 
The members were informed that the Company has also provided the facility of "E-Voting" on all 
the resolutions during AGM  for th ose members who have joined the meeting through Video 
Conference/Other Audio-Visual Means and not casted vote through "Remote e-voting". 
 
Subsequently the following businesses were put up for Shareholders approval at the Meeting as 
set out in the Notice of 21stAnnual General Meeting: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS: 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the audited Standalone Financial Statements of the 
Company for the fina ncial year ended 31st March 2026  and the Reports of the Board of 
Directors and Auditors thereon. 
2. To receive, consider and adopt the audited Consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the fina ncial year ended 31st March 2026  and the reports of the Auditors 
thereon. 
3. To resolve not to fill up the vacancy caused due to retirement by rotation of Mr. Devaraja 
Iyer Krishna Iyer (DIN: 09290465), Non -Executive Director, who retires by rotation at 
the 21st Annual General Meeting. 
4. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Vishwambran Nair Pradeep Kumar (DIN: 
10218276), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment as 
a Director 
SPECIAL BUSINESS:  
  
5. To ratify the remuneration of the Cost Auditor(s)  for the financ ial year ending 31st 
March, 2027. 
6. To approve material related party transactions between the Company and Danya  Electric 
Company (Partnership firm). 
7. To approve increase in overall borrowing limit of the Company under section 180(1)(c) 
of the Companies Act, 2013. 
8. To seek approval under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 for creation of 
mortgage or charge on the assets, properties or undertaking(s) of the Company. 
9. To approve giving loan or guarantee or providing security under Section 185 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
10. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), to make 
investments, give loans, guarantees and security in excess of limits specified under 
section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
[page 4]
 
 
 
11. To approve the re-appointment of Mr. Vee Rajmohan (DIN: 00844400) as Chairman and 
Managing Director of the Company. 
12. To approve the Re -appointment of Mr. Vishwambran Nair Pradeep Kumar (DIN: 
10218276) as Whole-time Director of the Company. 
13. To approve the Appointment/ Regularization of Mr. Ramesh C Behera (DIN: 07590747) 
as an Independent Director of the company for a first term of five consecutive years 
The Chairman informed the members that Mr. Susanta Kumar Dehury, Practicing  Company 
Secretary was appointed as Scrutinizers to conduct the "remote e -voting" and "e-voting" in a fair 
and transparent manner. 
 
The Company has not received any request from the shareholders to speak at the meeting  then 
Chairman to proceed with the further proceedings of the meeting. 
The Chairman informed that a consolidated report on total votes cast in favour and against above 
resolutions would be submitted by the Scrutinizer within prescribed time limit and authorised the 
Company Secretary to declare the voting results and submit the voting results to the Stock 
Exchanges and publishing it on its website https://www.supremepower.in/. and the website of 
NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
The Chairman then concluded the meeting and informed the Members that the e -voting facility 
would be available for 15 minutes after closure of the meeting. He also thanked all the Members 
and Directors for their participation in the meeting. 
 
The Chairman also authorized Priyanka Bansal, Company Secretary to conclude the meeting 
after the end of the voting.   
 
The meeting concluded at 02:40 P.M. after expiry of 15 minutes of voting period. 
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
 
 
Priyanka Bansal       
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
  
 
