SOURCE: Supreme Petrochem Ltd — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call, held 29 July 2026
FILED: 2026-08-04 (Reg 30). Bull AI document_id 56c5ebe3-8a2e-4480-b19d-518666e5509d
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-18 via Bull AI get_document_chunks, pages 1-14 (full document, chunks_count 14,
no further pages exist for this transcript).
Management on call: Rakesh Nayyar (Executive Director and CFO), Dilip Deole (AVP Finance and
Accounts), D. N. Mishra (Company Secretary). Moderator: Purvangi Jain, Valorem Advisors.

===== PAGE 1 =====
SUPREME PETROCHEM LTD
Regd. Office: Solitaire Corporate Park, Building No. 11, 5th Floor, 167, Guru Hargovindji Marg,
Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai-400 093, INDIA
Tel: 91-22-6709 1900 Fax - 022 - 4005 5681 CIN : L23200MH1989PLC054633
Website: www.supremepetrochem.com Email: corporate@spl.co.in
Ref: CFA/CS/86/AGM_37/2026-2027
Date: August 4, 2026
To, BSE Limited, Scrip Code - 500405; National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, Symbol - SPLPETRO
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Supreme Petrochem Ltd ('The Company')
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
Please refer our letter dated July 23, 2026, wherein we had informed that Earnings Conference
Call of the Company will be held on July 29, 2026 to discuss Q1/FY2026-27 earnings. Transcript
of the Conference Call is enclosed herewith.
For Supreme Petrochem Ltd, D. N. Mishra, A.V.P (Legal) & Company Secretary.

===== PAGE 2 =====
Supreme Petrochem Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call — July 29, 2026
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 and FY27 conference call of
Supreme Petrochem Limited... I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem
Advisors.
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good evening, everyone... We represent the investor relations of
Supreme Petrochem Limited... Let me mention a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements
made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature... Now, let me introduce you to
the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Rakesh Nayyar
- Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Dilip Deole - A.V.P of Finance and Accounts, and Mr. D. N.
Mishra - Company Secretary. Without any delay, I request Mr. Rakesh Nayyar to start with his
opening remarks.
Rakesh Nayyar: Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a pleasure to welcome you to
the Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of FY 2027.

===== PAGE 3 =====
Financial and Operational Performance Report
Revenue and Profitability Highlights
- Revenue (Standalone): INR 1693 crores for Q1, reflecting a 22% year-on-year growth. Growth
  driven primarily by significant increase in raw material prices due to conflict in West Asia.
  Lower volume sales offset by higher pricing.
- Operating EBITDA: INR 331 crores, marking a 188% year-on-year growth. Operating EBITDA margins
  improved to 19.53%. Total EBITDA (including other incomes): INR 348 crores with margins of
  20.3%.
- Net Profit After Tax (PAT): INR 236 crores. PAT margin for the quarter stood at 13.96%.
- Operational Performance: Sales volume of manufactured products: 70,842 metric tons (vs. 93,853
  metric tons in the same quarter last year). Decline of 24.5% in sales volume year-on-year.
  Decline attributed to negligible exports due to West Asia crisis and subdued demand from the
  non-OEM segment.
Market and Supply Chain Challenges
- Geopolitical Tensions in West Asia: Disruptions in cargo movement through the Strait of Hormuz
  led to significant interruptions in liquid and container shipments from the Gulf region. All
  three styrene plants in the region (traditional suppliers) suspended operations due to safety
  reasons, creating significant supply chain challenges.
- Supply Chain Adaptations: Company established alternate supply arrangements to meet domestic
  customer requirements without interruption. Exports were minimal due to reduced availability of
  styrene monomers, significant increase in freight rates, reduced shipping availability and
  longer voyage times.
- Raw Material Prices: Styrene monomer prices in international markets remained elevated for most
  of the quarter. Prices softened briefly towards the end of June. Renewed escalation of
  hostilities in West Asia led to a subsequent increase in styrene monomer prices.
Policy and Market Impact
- Temporary Suspension of Import Duties: Import duties on commodity polymers were temporarily
  suspended to offset high import costs. This led to unnecessarily increased imports, eroding
  market share for domestic producers.
Expansion Projects Update
- Phase 2 Expansion of EPS Capacity: Successfully completed.
- New Initiatives: Initiated projects for a new line of wide-width EPS board with a capacity of
  150,000 cubic meters. Expansion of compounding capacity from 50,000 cubic meters.

===== PAGE 4 =====
Expansion Plans and Capacity Increase
- The company plans to expand its styrene capacity from 20,000 tons per annum to 80,000 tons per
  annum. These expansions are expected to be commissioned by June 2027.
- Additionally, the board has approved the installation of a new 80,000 tons per annum
  polystyrene production line at its Amdoshi complex in Maharashtra. This project is expected to
  be completed by December 2028. The expansion will increase the company's total installed
  polystyrene capacity from 3,00,000 tons per annum to 3,80,000 tons per annum.
- Total estimated investment for these projects is INR 450 crores. The funding will be entirely
  through internal accruals.
Q&A Session
Nirav Jamudia (Anvil Wealth): ...on the demand side, how was the situation where the customers
were willing to take the material at a higher price...
Rakesh Nayyar: As I said in my opening remarks, the demand from the non-OEM segment was very
subdued. Almost 50% demand from the non-OEM segment had evaporated in this quarter. That could
partly be because of the high prices. Also, the downstream processors had issues with the gas
supply availability. As far as the OEM segment is concerned, the demand was good. Demand was
stable. The prices were high because the styrene availability... was stopped from the Middle
East, which is one of the major suppliers. As far as imports are concerned, authentic import data
is not available after the government issued a notification in March making the publication of
import data a crime.

===== PAGE 5 =====
Unofficial Market Sources: Around 20,000 tons of polystyrene was imported this quarter.
Nirav Jamudia: Whatever has been the volume fall... is predominantly... the non-OE polystyrene
volumes... correct?
Rakesh Nayyar: Marginally, they were better but then it's the non-OE sector as well as the exports
- exports were absolutely down. We exported barely around 10-12% of what we normally export in a
quarter.
Nirav Jamudia: Based on your experience of various disruptions and cycles in the past, how has
been the situation different this time...
Rakesh Nayyar: It's actually something not like what has happened in the past. It is entirely a
different situation because in the past, some plants may shut down because of some force majeure
conditions... here it is a prolonged and from full region. It is not one plant, one source but it
is a full region from where the material is not coming in and even during COVID times, this
situation was not there. This is entirely a different scenario, not comparable to the past events
at all.
Nirav Jamudia: ...for the newly expanded capacity also where we have announced 80,000 tons of
expansion, what could be the demand drivers going forward?
Rakesh Nayyar: Predominantly the country is moving towards exports. All appliance manufacturers
are setting up big capacities for exports also and under PLI scheme as well. And we already
during the peak months find that we are using our capacity to the fullest extent... the demand
growth is what is leading us to build additional capacity now.

===== PAGE 6 =====
Nirav Jamudia: ...on the compounding side... how are we seeing those compounding volumes in FY27...
Rakesh Nayyar: FY27 right now considering what has happened in the last quarter that is not the
benchmark for the remaining part of the year. But then what we have seen in the past is our
experience in the previous year and our compounds are doing well in the market. And now we are
moving more towards the ABS compounds. Our ABS compounds even in the quarter gone by has done
very well. And we see a lot of growth coming in there. So, we are now setting up lines mainly for
the ABS compounds.
Nirav Jamudia: ...do we feel that the expanded capacity can be exhausted over a period of next 2
to 3 years...?
Rakesh Nayyar: Certainly yes, that is the aim we have and with that view only this capacity is
being put up that this will come up by June 2027 and in the next 2 years or so thereafter we
should be able to use this capacity.
Nirav Jamudia: ...What could be the trading sales in 1st Quarter?
Rakesh Nayyar: Trading sales in the 1st Quarter is not as high as the earlier days. I do not have
the number here but I think around 17-18% of the top line.
Aditya Khetan (SMIFS Institutional Equities): ...on the non-OEM demand when we say that demand was
down by some 40-50% and also... higher imports coming into the country. ... was the demand also
from the non-OEM side was there but higher imports came in that took our market share?

===== PAGE 7 =====
Rakesh Nayyar: I did not say that the higher imports were coming. I said the imports were coming
because there was a duty exemption and the imports number as per market estimates could be close
to 20,000. But that is the number which is a very regular number. Last year imports were also
closer to 87,000 tons or so annual imports... it is not that it happened only in this quarter.
These kind of imports have always been seen in the past.
Aditya Khetan: ...any sort of a volume guidance if you can provide?
Rakesh Nayyar: Giving any guidance at this stage when the situation is very fluid is very
difficult. The non-OEMs are coming back. Their demand is stabilizing also now but then the way
the uncertainty is there in the West Asian region today there are concerns with regard to the
exports, with regard to the availability of styrene and the volumes of styrene coming in and
there are other concerns with regard to the availability of shipping space, voyage time freight
rates, etc. All those concerns are there at the moment so I would not like to hazard any guess
with regard to the volumes until otherwise situation becomes very normal.
Aditya Khetan: ...how do you see this quarter's number, so what is the sustainability of this
margin 19% suppose if the non-OEM demand comes back...?
Rakesh Nayyar: The base price of polystyrene and other polymers is all decided keeping in view the
global trends if global deltas are strong, we also will have better margins if global deltas are
weak or

===== PAGE 8 =====
they are back to the normal, it will be the normal margins for us. This margin which has come in,
is like an aberration because of the global deltas were very-very strong from USD200 for GPPS,
global deltas have gone up to plus 300 plus and for HIPS which used to be around USD275 to USD300
went upto 400 plus. Those aberrations will get normalized over a period of time.
Aditya Khetan: ...what would be the volumes of ABS in this quarter?
Rakesh Nayyar: We don't give any volume separately, this is all Styrenics business, so they all
come under the Styrenics side only, I am sorry I won't be able to share that number with you.
Disha Chamriya (Trinetra Asset Managers): First question was what drove this sharp profit
improvement in Q1 FY27? Like how much of it is sustainable, how much is from the volume growth
versus the price growth?
Rakesh Nayyar: I have already said that we did not have any volume growth rather there was
negative volumes. We had 25% reduction in volumes as compared to the corresponding quarter of the
last year and these margins have come in because the global deltas between the building block and
the end product widened and that helped us also.
Disha Chamriya: ...outlook on this product realization and spread for the rest of FY27...?
Rakesh Nayyar: It's very difficult to say because the whole situation is fluid... I wouldn't
hazard any guess right now in terms of the volume. We know that we can handle the situations well.
Sailesh Raja (360 One Capital Market): Last year we have reported 1 lakh tons of EPS volume and
you mentioned that we operated at 88% utilization level. So, now we have expanded the capacity to
1,43,000. So, till date we have not focused on EPS exports. We focus only on the polystyrene
exports. What are the efforts that we are making to do more exports of EPS...?

===== PAGE 9 =====
Rakesh Nayyar: Sailesh, we have made efforts. Particularly to export to Europe. Our grades have
also been approved in Europe. But of late because of all these disturbances and the shipping
freight rates having jumped sharply... the exports have taken a back seat particularly also in
view of the limited availability of styrene monomer. We are more focusing on meeting all the
demand from the domestic customers at the time being for the last four months. But once the
situation normalizes and the shipping opens up, we would certainly be exporting EPS.
Sailesh Raja: What is the overall industry demand for the ABS-based compounds?... I believe ABS
compounds will give better margin and ROCE for us compared to direct external sales of ABS.
Rakesh Nayyar: I am sorry, I don't have any ready numbers of the market for ABS compounds. I know
that whatever capacity we are putting there is enough demand for us to sell in the market the
capacity we are building at the moment. In the next three to four years we should be able to
fully sell out that capacity.
Sailesh Raja: The compounds market is fully fragmented, and many competitors reportedly offer
40-50 days of credit... Will our strategy continue to focus on high value-added applications and
customer segments that require lower credit rather than cashing volumes?
Rakesh Nayyar: Our focus will be... first one to focus on the value-added customers and to focus
where the credit discipline is there. We do not supply our material where there is no credit
discipline... in this business longer credits are given. It's payable when able story also with
some of the suppliers but then our principle is not that. Even in our subsidiary company in the
last one year we have been working on changing that mindset as well. In that process, the growth
comes at times at a slow rate but then finally that's the objective that we will be doing
value-added trades with a credit discipline only.

===== PAGE 10 =====
Sailesh Raja: Is the market big enough where there is no credit given to the customers?
Rakesh Nayyar: All our compounding business, we have been successful doing this way.
Sailesh Raja: Could you please elaborate your CAPEX roadmap for the next 3-4 years? Specifically,
how will investment be allocated between the existing PS, EPS business and the newer growth area
XPS, ABS and compounds?
Rakesh Nayyar: Our EPS is all done now. Right now in the near horizon we do not have any EPS
expansions. We are looking at expanding at our Chennai capacity but then that is still some time
to come by. Currently we are only focusing on our ABS line 2 and XPS and our compounding lines and
now only the day before our board has approved our polystyrene 5th line for us. These are the
areas where we are currently focusing. All capacities will be on board by March 2029. CAPEX and
all will be done from internal accruals.
Sailesh Raja: Sir, this year how much CAPEX are you planning?
Rakesh Nayyar: This all CAPEX put together would be closer to 900 crores.
Vipul Kumar Anupjan Shah (Sumangal Investments): What are the current prices for styrene monomer
and what were they for quarter average for 30th June?
Rakesh Nayyar: Current prices landed in India CIF is around USD1300... last quarter... the range
would be closer to around say USD1350 to USD1400. The peak was USD1500 plus.

===== PAGE 11 =====
Rakesh Nayyar: No. It had come down towards the end of month of June only when there was a peace
accord which was temporary and immediately all the prices of all polymers had fallen then only
when the peace accord was done. But then the margins, the deltas have improved slightly after the
new eruption of war but then not at the same levels.
Vipul Kumar Shah: Can you quantify what is the current delta?
Rakesh Nayyar: Current delta for GP would be closer to USD250 to USD275.
Vipul Kumar Shah: And HIPS?
Rakesh Nayyar: HIPS could be closer to USD350 or so.
Vipul Kumar Shah: ...this styrene monomer is the raw material is also exempted from import duty
right now?
Rakesh Nayyar: No. It is the same. Everything is pre-1st of April now.
Aditya Khetan: ...on to the CAPEX part you mentioned some 900 crore odd cases for all these
expansions. So, does this include the XPS capacity like from 72,000 m3 to 125,000 announced?
Rakesh Nayyar: ...I said that we are setting up a new line of 150,000 m3 of the wide-width board
now. And that cost is included in the 900 crores.
Aditya Khetan: ...on to the compounding facility figure... last quarter number of 60,000 tons, but
in this presentation, we are expanding from around 50,000 to 80,000. Just a clarification on the
number side capacity of ABS compounding. Is it 50 or 60?
Rakesh Nayyar: No. The last was our 50,000 we had done. Earlier we were at 30,000. We implemented
20,000 tons last year. So, it was 50,000. And now 50,000 will be increased to 80,000 tons.

===== PAGE 12 =====
Aditya Khetan: ...on to when we look on to the ABS side, how you see the ramp-up today... because
we have also heard some players globally shutting down some EPS plans. Any updates...?
Rakesh Nayyar: It's not very crowded in the global. It's crowded, of course, in China. And the
demand in India will grow, particularly with regard to the energy efficient buildings for cold
storages, cold supply chain, and construction. So, we see that there will be a demand growth in
these areas, apart from of course the traditional packaging businesses.
Santosh Kheshri (SKKHUF): ...did the industry also grow in a similar way? Or we grew faster? Sorry,
de-growth. So, we had a de-growth lesser than the industry or it was at par with the industry?
Rakesh Nayyar: No, at par with the industry. EPS is very fragmented in up north... as far as
polystyrene is concerned, we feel that the industry also de-grew at the same rate as what we have
done.
Santosh Kheshri: ...given that the industry also didn't grow and we also had a de-growth, so what
gives us confidence to add capacity...?
Rakesh Nayyar: A project is not set up for the temporary events of one quarter. Picture on a long
term basis and where the industry is going, where India is going, where Indian demand is growing
and what are the export possibilities going forward has to be kept in mind and this project is
going to come only towards the end of 2028. It is three or two and a half years from now.
Santosh Kheshri: ...regarding the prices. So, the prices in terms of our products being sold were
in line with the industry sales prices or we had some Speciality products...?
Rakesh Nayyar: We have certain specialized grades. They always fetch better prices than the
industry prices.

===== PAGE 13 =====
Sahil Sen (individual investor): ...are the alternate styrene's or sourcing arrangements
structurally more expensive than the traditional Gulf supply chains?
Rakesh Nayyar: Of course the freight rate are more. The freight cost will increase because the
Gulf is only four days voyage, five days voyage, max one week voyage. Other sources will be a
longer voyage time and plus the shipping availability constraints.
Sahil Sen: ...what could be the potential impact on margins in the coming quarters?
Rakesh Nayyar: As I said earlier, it's very difficult to say anything about the margins at the
moment because the margins are dependent upon global deltas.
Vipul Kumar Shah: What will be the asset turn for all the expansions for ABS, polystyrene and XPS
boards? Can you give the expected asset turn 2x for almost all the products?
Rakesh Nayyar: All the products put together on full capacity basis, there will be twice.
Vipul Kumar Shah: ...what will be the terminal ABS capacity after full expansion?
Rakesh Nayyar: It will be 140,000 nameplate capacity.
Rohan Joshi (individual investor): ...given the sharp increase in the prices, what has been the
customer response to it? Are the realizations holding, improving?
Rakesh Nayyar: There was some impact on the non-OEMs. But then the OEMs were stable. Their demand
was the same, better demand. And now, in this quarter, we are seeing that the non-

===== PAGE 14 =====
OEMs have reconciled to the increased prices because it's a global phenomenon. So, the demand from
the non-OEMs is back into the market now.
Rohan Joshi: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference
over to the management team for any closing comments.
Rakesh Nayyar: Yes. Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Call. If you have any further
questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our Investment
Relations Managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Supreme Petrochem Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines.
