
=== PAGE 1 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
 
Aequs Limited (formerly known as Aequs Private Limited) 
Corporate Identity Number: L80302KA2000PLC026760 
Registered Office: Aequs Tower, No. 55, Whitefield Main Road, Mahadevapura Post, Bengaluru - 560048, Karnataka, India  
T: + 91 080 61348000 
Corporate Office: Aequs SEZ, No. 437/A, Hattargi  Village, Hukkeri Taluk, Bel agavi – 591243, Karnataka, India   
T: +91 0831 4222500  
www.aequs.com  
 
June 02, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,    20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 051.     Mumbai - 400001. 
NSE Scrip Symbol: AEQUS    BSE Scrip Code: 544634 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations”), enclosed herewith is the 
transcript of the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call  held on Tuesday, May 26, 2026 on the 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
 
The above -mentioned transcript will also be uploaded and made available on the Company’s website at  
https://www.aequs.com/investor/ 
  
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
For Aequs Limited  
 
 
 
__________________________ 
Ravi Mallikarjun Hugar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A20823 
 
Encl.: As above 
=== PAGE 2 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
 
 
“Aequs Limited 
Q4 & Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2026 
                
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARAVIND MELLIGERI – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AEQUS LIMITED 
 MR. RAJEEV KAUL – CO-FOUNDER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AEQUS LIMITED 
 MR. DINESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AEQUS LIMITED 
 MR. HARISH BANG – VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE – 
AEQUS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 3 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: Good evening to all the participants on the call, and thank you for joining in. We welcome you 
to the Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Aequs Limited. Before we proceed, 
let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve 
known or unknown uncertainties and other factors. These statements should be viewed together 
with our business risks, which may lead to actual results and performance differing materially 
from what is expressed or implied. 
 To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the management of 
Aequs Limited represented by Mr. Aravind Melligeri, Executive Chairman and CEO; Mr. 
Rajeev Kaul, Co-Founder and Managing Director; Mr. Dinesh Iyer, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Harish Bang, Vice President -Finance. We will start the call with a brief overview of the 
previous quarter and the full year and then conduct the question and answer session. 
 With that said, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aravind Melligeri. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Aravind Melligeri: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining. FY26 has been a truly landmark 
year for Aequs, defined by strong execution, meaningful business expansion, and our IPO, a 
transformational milestone that marks a new chapter in our journey as a company. 
 Today, we stand as a globally scaled precision manufacturer driven by the combined strength of 
our aerospace and consumer verticals. FY26 has firmly validated our platform strategy, 
showcasing our ability to execute tenaciously and captures the growth opportunity across our 
portfolio. 
 Our focus on execution is clearly reflected in the financials, with our full year consolidated 
revenue growing by 33% to INR12,304 million. EBITDA grew 43% to INR1,545 million, with 
the margins expanding to 13%. We capped -off the year with the strongest qu arter in Aequs 
history, with INR3,671 million in revenue and 47% year-on-year growth. 
 Crucially, the performance was unified. Both our aerospace and consumer segments delivered 
strong growth across the board. While our financial performance reflected our current 
momentum, our strategic focus remains firmly on the future. 
 This year, we made significant strides in laying the foundation for our next phase of growth, 
with substantial new investments spanning both our aerospace and consumer segments, firmly 
anchoring our long-term manufacturing ambitions in India. 
 In February 2026, we signed an MoU with the government of Tamil Nadu to invest INR1,900 
crores for 10 years for a new vertically integrated aerospace manufacturing ecosystem within a 
new aerospace and defense park at Hosur, across 250 acres in the SIPCOT Shoolagiri Industrial 
Park. This will be India's first fully vertically integrated aero engine and landing gear 
components manufacturing ecosystem. 
 And in March 2026, we signed a second MoU with the government of Karnataka, committing 
investments of INR2,856 crores over five years across our existing clusters in Belagavi and 
Hubballi. This covers expansion of our aerospace precision engineering operat ions in Belagavi 
=== PAGE 4 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
and significant capacity enhancement for our consumer segment at our Hubballi manufacturing 
cluster. Collectively, these investments accelerate our broader objective of making Aequs and 
India a premier destination for global aerospace and consumer precision manufacturing. 
 To help execute on our large -scale ambitions, we are actively deepening our leadership bench. 
We are pleased to have Ravi Kumar Assudani join us as head of engineering for consumer 
segment effective Q1 FY 2027. Ravi brings over 16 years of experience at Apple Inc., where he 
led global tooling and manufacturing design operations across multiple product lines. 
 Scaling precision component manufacturing for global consumer electronics OEMs requires a 
unique combination of engineering depth and operational discipline, and we continue to enhance 
both. In our journey of continuing the expansion of our capabilities, we established an advanced 
materials R&D ecosystem at IIT Dharwad campus. 
 The facility will focus on cutting -edge material characterization, failure analysis, and 
manufacturing process simulation. This partnership reflects Aequs long -term commitment to 
strengthen India's advanced manufacturing ecosystem through sustained investm ents in 
research, innovation, and skill development. The collaboration will enhance IIT Dharwad’s 
applied research capabilities and industry engagements, apart from enabling Aequs to deliver 
cutting-edge products to its customers.  
 Now I turn to the financial outlook. As we enter FY27, our financial priorities are clear. First, is 
to continue to grow aerospace revenues profitably. We have the order book, the capacity and the 
customer relationships to support this, which should deliver 25% to 30% revenue growth, with 
EBITDA margins maintained at 20% at the segment level. 
 Second, drive consumer utilization, unlocking the operating leverage embedded in our existing 
asset base. Third, move our consumer EBITDA to break even by Q4 FY27, which will be a 
major inflection point for our consolidated profitability. 
 At a consolidated level, we are expecting approximately 45% to 50% top -line revenue growth. 
More importantly, this growth is highly efficient. We project doubling our operational EBITDA, 
proving immense operating leverage embedded in our current business model. FY27 is about 
translating our expanded capacity into significant financial returns. I will let Rajeev walk you 
through the segment -level mechanics of how our aerospace and consumer divisions have 
performed and will deliver these numbers. 
 Before I hand over, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Dinesh Iyer, our Chief Financial 
Officer, who has informed us of his decision to step down at the end of June 2026 for personal 
reasons. Dinesh has been an instrumental and exceptional partner to t his organization, and we 
are grateful for his contribution and wish him very best. 
 We are in search of our CFO replacement and will communicate the same as soon as he or she 
is appointed. Meanwhile, Harish Bang, who most of you know, will be in-charge and your single 
point of contact. 
 With that, over to Rajeev Kaul, Co-Founder and Managing Director of Aequs. 
=== PAGE 5 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Rajeev Kaul: Thank you, Aravind, and good evening to all of you. It is a pleasure to speak with you again as 
we close out what has been a very significant year for Aequs operationally. Our manufacturing 
footprint spans 2.22 million square feet across three integrated c lusters in India; Belagavi, 
Hubballi and Koppal, supported by facilities in Cholet, France, and Paris, Texas in the United 
States. 
 Our installed annual capacity has grown to 4.70 million, machining and molding hours on an 
annualized basis. We scaled our manufacturing operations steadily throughout the year to 
support the new and existing programs closing FY26 with a robust footprint of 434 CNC 
machines and 179 molding machines. This represents a disciplined expansion of our 
manufacturing muscle. We evaluate capacity requirements continuously and keep adding based 
on our requirements. 
 Turning to our aerospace segment, our operational momentum translated into exceptional 
financial delivery. The vertical delivered revenue of INR3,040 million in Q4 and closed the full 
year at INR10,464 million, representing a robust 27% growth year -on-year. But beyond the 
revenue growth, what is significant is our portfolio expansion. 
 We added 433 new parts in Q4 alone, taking our total aerospace portfolio to 5,654 SKUs, with 
a 26% increase in the portfolio since last year. This represents the breadth and complexity of our 
engagement with global OEMs. Each of these SKUs represent a rigo rous qualification cycle, a 
secured long-term contract, and a deep-rooted relationship with our customers acting as a high-
entry barrier to others. 
 As a result, our order book in aerospace stood at robust  USD $889 million. We're also actively 
moving up the value chain into landing gear and engine components, where our integrated 
forging, machining, and surface treatment capabilities deliver significant competitive 
advantages. These are higher complexity, higher value products that command better margins 
and deeper customer relationships. 
 Moving to our consumer segment. The business is scaling steadily, which is reflected in its 
growing contribution to our overall top -line. In Q4, consumer accounted for 17% of our total 
revenue, up from just 5% a year ago. For the full year, its contribution grew from 11% in FY25 
to 15% in full year business in FY26. 
 This growth aligns with a planned transition from pilot production to commercial ramp -up. 
Based on the increasing requirements from our customers, we are expanding capacity. This will 
feed directly into our operational targets for FY27. Our primary focus this year will be driving 
capacity utilization from 23% today to a target of 40% to 50% by the year end. 
 Talking of our consumer business, as you may be aware, Hasbro has informed us that it has 
revised manufacturing and sourcing strategy and told us they will stop raising POS with us. 
While this decision was unexpected, it will not impact the overall growth of the business. We 
continue serving other equally large and strategic customers. 
 Looking at the broader consolidated picture, the heavy depreciation load from these strategic 
consumer investments will – keep our overall PAT negative for much of the year. However, as 
=== PAGE 6 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
our consumer volumes ramp -up and our aerospace segment continues its strong performance, 
we fully expect to see consolidated PAT hit break-even by H1 FY28. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call to Dinesh Iyer, our CFO, for a detailed review of our 
financials. 
Dinesh Iyer: Thank you, Rajeev. Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the key financial highlights 
for Q4 and the full year FY26. Q4 delivered INR3,671 million in revenue, our highest quarterly 
revenue ever. This reflects continued ramp -up in aerospace programs and accelerating 
production in consumer segment. EBITDA was INR321 million at 9% margin. 
 The margin compression from Q3 reflects the timing of consumer electronics capacity coming 
fully online. In Q4, we saw the full run rate of depreciation on consumer capex alongside the 
full operating costs while the plant is still operating at low utilization. This is the expected profile 
during the manufacturing ramp-up phase. 
 Reported PAT for Q4 was a loss of INR541 million. This includes higher depreciation from 
consumer capex and increased tax provisions on the profit from aerospace segment. Our 
underlying operational trajectory continues to improve. 
 For the full year, consolidated revenue grew 33% to INR12,304 million. EBITDA grew 43% to 
INR1,545 million with margins at 13%, a 100-basis point improvement from 12% in FY25. Full 
year PAT was a loss of INR1,133 million. The negative PAT margin reduced from negative 11% 
in FY25 to negative 9% in FY26, a 200-basis point improvement. 
 Including our proportionate share of the joint ventures, consolidated full year revenue was 
INR13,466 million, up 34% year -on-year with EBITDA of INR1,830 million, reflecting a 
growth of 42% year-on-year, at a margin of 14%. For Q4, revenue was INR3,984 mi llion with 
45% growth year-on-year, with EBITDA of INR417 million, at a margin of 10%. 
 Coming to detailed segment performance, the aerospace segment delivered a very strong 
performance, with full year revenue of INR10,464 million, up 27% year-on-year, and EBITDA 
was INR2,813 million, up 76% year-on-year. For Q4, aerospace segment revenue was INR3,040 
million, growing 29% year-on-year, and EBITDA was INR1,010 million, reflecting a growth of 
over 100%. 
 Aerospace segment ROCE for FY26 was 20%, up from 14% in FY25, which is in line with our 
expectation, and demonstrates our ability to scale efficiently. The consumer segment contributed 
full year revenue of INR1,840 million, up 84% year -on-year. The consumer segment EBITDA 
loss was INR783 million for the full year , a 173% increase year -on-year, which reflects our 
planned investment to build capacity at scale. 
 In Q4, the revenue was INR631 million, with EBITDA loss of INR473 million. Q4 was the first 
quarter where all manufacturing costs hit simultaneously with new capacity that was recently 
commissioned. The consumer electronics team is moving through the lear ning curve of a new 
production environment. 
=== PAGE 7 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 This is standard in a manufacturing ramp-up phase. As utilization improves from 23% to our 
40% to 50% target for FY27, the depreciation and fixed costs will be absorbed across higher 
volumes, and margins will recover sharply. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Total assets stood at INR26,905 million as of March 31, 2026, 
compared to INR18,598 million a year ago. This increase reflects the significant capital invested 
in consumer electronics capacity during the year, increased working capital in line with revenue 
growth, and retained IPO proceeds. 
 Our net debt-to-equity ratio was 0.23 as of March 31, 2026, an improvement from 0.99x at the 
end of FY25, which shows that we are well capitalized for the next phase of growth. Fixed asset 
turnover moderated to 1.18x in FY26 from 1.84x in FY25. This is expected as we have added 
significant consumer electronics assets that are not yet generating proportionate revenues. As 
utilization improves through FY27, this ratio will recover meaningfully. 
 Net working capital days increased to 151 days in FY26 from 132 days in FY’ 25, which was 
primarily driven by growth in revenues. Cash and cash equivalents stood at INR3,015 million 
as of March 31, 2026, compared to INR609 million at the end of FY25. 
 Finally, on a personal note, I announced earlier this year that I will be stepping down as CFO at 
Aequs at the end of June 2026. It’s been a great pleasure to serve Aequs through the IPO and in 
this wonderful journey of becoming a listed company. The busin ess is in an excellent position, 
well capitalized, growing strongly, and with a management team that is deeply committed to 
delivering on our promises to shareholders. Thank you. 
 With that, over to the moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Your first 
question comes from the line of Nikhil Jain with IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Jain: So, my question is regarding capex, segmental capex. What is the planned capex for FY27-'28 
in both the segments separately? And on the second question, after discontinuation with Hasbro 
on the toys business, any roadmap of ramp-up expected with Mattel? 
 Harish Bang: On Capex: In our aerospace segment, we have planned about INR160 crores approx. And in our 
consumer segment, we have planned about INR500 crores approx for the full year FY27.  
Rajeev Kaul: On the second question, Yes, we have signed a long-term agreement with Mattel and both sides 
are fully committed to scaling volumes. We also expect Mattel volumes to absorb the capacity 
impact from Hasbro. More broadly, we continue to engage with large strategy customers across 
the consumer segment and remain confident that overall growth of the business will not be 
materially impacted. 
Nikhil Jain: Okay. And sir, any PLI income booked for FY26? 
Harish Bang: No. So, FY27 will be our first year where we will be eligible for the PLI. 
Nikhil Jain: Okay. And broadly, your guidance on revenue & margins?  
=== PAGE 8 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Harish Bang: So, on aerospace, as Aravind mentioned earlier, we are expecting a growth of 25% to 30% and 
maintaining EBITDA numbers at about 20% level. On consumer, we see a revenue growth of 
about 125% to 150%. And Q4  FY27 will be the quarter wherein we will hit EBITDA break -
even. 
Nikhil Jain: Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Priyankar Biswas from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: Thank you for the opportunity to ask this question. Sir, could you please elaborate on whether 
there was any impact in March and the last week of February due to the West Asia crisis? This 
may have been on account of airspace closures, as well as the signi ficant increase in air freight 
costs. 
 So, would that be a right assessment? And if that had happened, what sort of margin impacts we 
would have seen? So, what I'm trying to understand is, if this one off the events, let's say, were 
not there, so what would have been our fundamental margin? 
Aravind Melligeri: Well, in the last quarter, we did not see any significant impact from a margin perspective. Our 
material prices are largely covered under long -term agreements. What we did see were some 
supply constraints and a slight increase in logistics costs, but in our view, these were not material 
for the business. 
 We have long-term agreements that takes care of the material. So, logistics side, only thing what 
we have seen is the expansion of the working capital. We are bringing inventory almost four 
weeks to six weeks ahead of the time, so that we don't have any p roblem in delivering to our 
customer commitments in aerospace predominantly. This is mostly on the aerospace side. 
 And on the consumer side, plastics especially, material prices have shot up. But because we have 
back-to-back agreement with the customers, that has been a pass ed-through to customers.  
Therefore, there has not been a significant impact on performance. The increase in inventory 
and working capital days during the quarter was mainly driven by our need to stock material 
ahead of requirements. 
 
Priyankar Biswas: So, would it be fair to say that the large build-up of working capital that we saw in fourth quarter, 
so that is predominantly on aerospace and because of the excess inventory you need to carry, 
because of the crisis at the moment? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yes. And we are taking precautions to do this most probably for another two quarters till we see 
the stabilization. Because generally the logistics has increased by five to six weeks what we have 
seen -- sea logistics. Air has gone up by six days to eight days, somewhere in that range. 
Priyankar Biswas: Okay. So, let's say if we have some sort of a normalization eventually. So, we should see, let's 
say, the working capital, let's say, moderate. Would that be a fair assumption 
=== PAGE 9 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Aravind Melligeri: Working capital has  been impacted, right? We saw some of the numbers. We went from 13 2 
days to 151 days 
Priyankar Biswas: Okay. This is just for sake of clarity for everyone. I know you have provided the exports and the 
domestic break-up, but I also understand most of your domestic sales are also, sort of, deemed 
exports or, let's say, domestic dominated. So, what percentage of your overall sales would be, 
USD-linked, even though the currency is depreciating so fast? 
Harish Bang: Yes. So, including deemed exports, it could be about 93% to 94% overall in US dollar. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go 
ahead. 
Suraj Malu: Hello. Sir, can you help understand what is the current gross block in consumer electronics? 
Harish Bang: So, at a consumer overall level, we have a gross block about INR830 crores approx. 
Suraj Malu: And you are adding INR500 crores to that? 
Harish Bang: That's correct. 
Suraj Malu: Got it. And at total consumer electronics, we can expect a 2x asset -- turn at peak utilization? 
Aravind Melligeri: So, it should be closer to 1.5 level in the consumer electronics side. 
Suraj Malu: Understood. And the last question is, in FY26, in aerospace, we have delivered an EBITDA 
margin of 27%. And now for next year, we are guiding at 20%. So, just can you help understand 
the reconciliation? 
Harish Bang: So, 27% is the segment EBITDA, which includes other income and it excludes the unallocated 
corporate costs. 
Suraj Malu: Okay. And like to like, what will that be? 
Harish Bang: So, we continue to drive 20% EBITDA margin excluding these two elements. 
Suraj Malu: Understood. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavika Singhvi from Niveshaay. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavika Singhvi: So, basically on the aerospace side, I want to understand that we are delivering quite good 
margins from last two quarters. And we have also added 1,000 approx parts. So, are we achieving 
these margins because of a higher share of high -margin products? Also, going forward, can we 
expect margins to improve as new products are added in the aerospace segment? 
 
=== PAGE 10 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. I mean, look, this is a normal course of business and complexity of what we do. And we 
expect this margin to sustain as we grow and our ability to execute more number of parts. And 
as we increase our vertical integration into engine component side, we do expect some margin 
expansion. However, aero structures, which currently constitute a major portion of our parts 
portfolio, are broadly in line with the margins we are delivering today. Our focus remains on 
maintaining operating margins at around the 20% level. 
 
Bhavika Singhvi: Got it. And on the consumer side, as we see that we have already did good capex, and we are 
also planning to do capex in FY27. And as I look at the current utilization of consumer, it's 23%. 
So, can you make me understand why we are going with the, like, additional capex when we are 
already underutilized at 23%, as we are seeing the additional products getting added in the 
consumer electronics, or if you can give me the clarity on that? And also, if you can provide me 
in terms of what exact ly we are doing on the consumer electronic s side, and what volumes we 
are making currently, and it can go to at what extent? 
Aravind Melligeri: Well, look, the customer wants us to have a meaningful share of their requirements, you know , 
And together we are committed to scale up the operations and absorb more work in India. And 
this additional capital is basically, driven by clear customer demand and the opportunity to 
capture the meaningful share of the customer India manufacturing requirement. 
 The current asset base is still in the ramp-up phase, with a 23% utilization, it will go up. And we 
continue to expand that, mak ing sure that we are going to be a significant supplier to this 
customer in the country. You know, if we don't do it, then the customer will see some alternates 
otherwise, because it's important that we scale and deliver their needs. 
 And so, there is a timeline in which we have to do this. And we will continue to  make sure that 
we are aligned on that. And we are both committed to make sure that where utilization goes up. 
And that's why we've guided our EBITDA break-even in the Q4, as utilizations improve.  
Bhavika Singhvi: And what margins we can expect at our optimum utilization from the consumer side?  
Aravind Melligeri: In consumer, we have guided the similar margins as the aerospace, overall 20% EBITDA is our 
long-term goal. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Okay. And as I see on the Q4 side, there is a n increase in the other expenses. So, can you give 
me understanding why there is a sudden increase in Q4 other expenses? Is there any particular 
expense which you want to mention? 
Harish Bang: So, as Dinesh mentioned earlier, Q4 was the first quarter where all the costs pertaining to the 
consumer capacity came in, since we commissioned the plant and started commercial production 
in Q3. So, the increase is across all the expenses what we see in Q4. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Okay. And if you can give me the clarity of ROC E, which can be expected from the consumer 
segment going forward at optimum utilization with all the additional topics we are doing? 
=== PAGE 11 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Harish Bang: So, at a steady state basis, I mean, we see expect same ROC Es as we do in our aerospace 
segment. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Praveen Kumar from Equitas Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question was on the consumer electronic segment. In 
the earlier call, you had referred to the client asking you to, expand your capacity. But this time 
around, you are talking about increasing the utilization and, achieving EBITDA breakeven. So, 
does this imply that over the next few quarters, your focus will be more on ramping up rather 
than, demanding more from the customer in terms of more product lines, etc.? 
Aravind Melligeri: Obviously the focus always is to maximize the utilization. At the same time, we are also 
investing this year as Harish mentioned, we are investing about INR500 crores new capital into 
the consumer business. So, it's a combination. So, we're not changing our objective. Obviously, 
whatever assets we have, we want to maximize the utilization. 
Praveen Kumar: Understood. But just to understand this in more detail, like you're putting already INR500 crores 
more capex on top of what you've done. So, looking at your peak utilization of 1.5x, even if I 
take half of that, just on this INR500 crores incremental capex, half of that 1.5x should give you 
closer to INR350 crores kind of number, right? So, I'm just trying to understand, is that the kind 
of top line that you're likely to see from the consumer electronics part in the next year or so? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. I mean, we have guided towards going to 50% utilization,. So, that's what it is in terms of 
capacity-wise.  And our goal is to g row by 125% level this year from a consumer business, 
predominantly driven by the consumer electronics. 
Praveen Kumar: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ashish Poddar with Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Poddar: Yeah. Thank you. Sir, my question is related to the aerospace revenue growth potential. While 
we are targeting 25% growth in FY27, looking at your order book position, which is roughly 
around 8 to 9 times of last year's revenue, and we are adding more  revenues in terms of engine 
components and other verticals over the coming years. 
 So, what kind of growth CAGR can we expect from a longer-term perspective? I'm talking about 
5 to 10 years perspective. Can we see the similar rate of 25% CAGR for the next 10 years, or it 
is not the case? If you can give some clarity, sir? Thank you. 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. I mean, look, we have given the guidance based on the customer demand and order book. 
There are not many aerospace companies in the world at our size that are growing at this rate 
organically. It's a complex business to grow, adding hundreds of components every month, and 
also adding machines to support that, FAIs and everything. And we feel very strongly this growth 
rate is achievable, because we have achieved and we have visibility. 
=== PAGE 12 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 As we expand, regarding this specifically asked about the engine components , that is not going 
to be impacting us much this fiscal year. This is a long -term, starting FY28, we'll start seeing 
some of this coming into the revenue. 
 So far this year guidance is concerned pretty much what we have, aerostructures focused  the 
business growth coming in, and we'll add some  on the  engine side, but it is predominantly 
continued to be our core, what has been in Belagavi Aerospace cluster. And the opportunity is 
there, we see a multi-year opportunity to grow this business at this rate. 
Ashish Poddar: At this rate, you are saying? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. We don't see any reason. The 20 -plus percent is what we have guided in the past, in the 
long-term 
Ashish Poddar: And with a similar rate of EBITDA margin which you are guiding? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. That has been our guidance always. 
Ashish Poddar: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Chowdhary with Toro Wealth 
managers LLP. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: Yeah. Hi. Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Just, I had two questions. Sir, we've 
been guiding that consumer margins will be probably heading towards the aerospace margins. 
So, just wanted to understand when we see Chinese precedent for our products. We see that 
probably the margin compression has happened over 8 to 10 -year cycle. So, just wanted to 
understand, will we also have a similar trajectory after we achieve those margins? 
 Second is, wanted to understand that in DRHP had probably flagged that critical equipment ’s 
dependency on China, and lately, we've been hearing some feedback that Chinese have been 
restricting a lot of equipment ’s. So, are we facing any issues in getting those equipment ’s? If 
there's any non-Chinese vendors, like have we found any non-Chinese alternate vendors for the 
same? 
Aravind Melligeri: Look, from the consumer electronics side, we are in the components manufacturing business and 
we feel confident of our capital and value addition, what we do in these products. We should be 
able to sustain our EBITDA margins in the long run, once we get maturity in the business. We 
don't see that as a concern. 
 And there are suppliers in China who continue to do this. And I don't think we have any concerns 
about that, our ability to sustain those margins, because it reflects the value -add we do on the 
products and the components. It's not like assembly business. So, that's what I want to bring the 
differentiation and communicate to you. It's a highly complex, you know, huge amount of value-
add on these products, what we do in-house. So, that's a big differentiator. 
 And coming down to the China geopolitical issues  on equipment, look, we have had, gone 
through some of these challenges in the past. It continues to evolve over a period of time. At the 
=== PAGE 13 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
same time, we are working with customers always to find alternate different geographic 
locations, including India. 
 But it takes time to get the suppliers developed and qualified for this kind of equipment. These 
have happened over decades in China, and it won't happen overnight here. So, we just need to 
be going through that process, working with the customer 
Nikhil Chowdhary: Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Aravind Melligeri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Priyansh Miri with NGP Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyansh Miri: Sir, I want to understand the split of revenue between the 3 verticals within the consumer 
portfolio, consumer electronics, plastic and durables. Can you throw some light on that? 
Harish Bang: So, we essentially track at consumer segment level and the numbers what we have given is at 
the overall consumer level. Consumer durables, is a joint venture, which doesn't get consolidated 
in the consumer segment since it's a 50-50 JV. 
Priyansh Miri: Okay. Understood. So, next question is on the plastics, particularly on the toys part of it. So, do 
we own the IP for this product or we have some sort of partnership with some other vendors who 
we share in terms of design in plastic division? 
Rajeev Kaul: See, we are into contract manufacturing. So, we only manufacture for brands. So, we don't own 
any IPs. 
Aravind Melligeri: We might have processes IP, we might have developed certain processes to do some things, but 
we don't really patent them. That's more of an internal process what we consider. 
Priyansh Miri: Understood. Sir, one more question on the long -term strategy. I just want to understand what 
sort of dependency this consumer whole division has on aerospace. That is one first part of the 
question. 
 And second, are we looking into say, 5 year or 10 years down the line this whole consumer 
portfolio to be spin-off from the core business? Why am I saying this? Because sir, if you have 
got two separate line of business merging on the same entity type, we get a whole-core holding 
company discount, right, at overall level, which doesn't let us re -rate to the peers that we have 
in aerospace. So, I just want to understand the whole strategy behind this, ma king it within the 
same company? 
Aravind Melligeri: Look, we are building a precision manufacturing platform here. The verticals are more of a 
capability certain specific to products, but we have a common, -- for example, we have CNC 
machines in both the places, consumer side and aerospace side. So, that's like a precision 
manufacturing piece. And similarly, injection molding will go both the sides. 
=== PAGE 14 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 So, I think it is not a two business  whole-core discount. That is not what we are talking about 
here. We are trying to build capability here, a platform here, so that we can scale this in the right 
way. 
Priyansh Miri: Okay. Sir, if I understood this correctly, just a follow-up question, the same CNC that is used in 
aerospace interior that we built in the dashboard, plastic molds, that's the same CNC machine 
we are utilizing for, say, plastic toys. Is that a fair understanding of the whole process? 
Aravind Melligeri: No, CNC machine is just machining happens on each of these products. You got to come and 
see, at some point in time  visit our facilities when next time visit happens, reach out to our 
investor relations team, then you get to see capabilities, differentiation, and also commonality. 
Priyansh Miri: Okay. Sir, product lines are different… 
Dinesh Iyer: Yeah. Sorry, just one more clarification to your comment. CNC machine is for metal. So, it's not 
in toys. Molding machine is for toys, just to clarify. 
Priyansh Miri: Yes, sir. Sorry. Yeah, I meant molding machine, sir, like the molding machine that we use for 
aerospace are different lines altogether when you talk about toys and aerospace line. 
Dinesh Iyer: No, again, let me clarify. CNC machines are used for metals, which is what we use in aerospace 
and consumer electronics, which Aravind just mentioned. For toys, which is plastics, it is 
molding machines. So, these are very, very different machines. I hope that helps. 
 What Aravind was clarifying was, the nature of work is precision manufacturing. So, that is the 
common platform we are building. Industries that are served are aerospace, consumer 
electronics, and so on. Is that helpful? 
Priyansh Miri: Yes, sir . Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next follow-up question comes from the line of Nikhil Jain with IIFL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Jain: Sir, I have a question on raw material. So, I'll try to break this down in three parts. Part one, we 
understand that procurement of raw materials like titanium and superalloy, especially typically 
involves longer lead time. So, could you please help us quantify the usual lead time for sourcing 
such metals, and how far in advance you typically plan and hold inventory? 
 On the second part, is there a meaningful difference in procurement cycle and inventory planning 
between aeroengine and aerostructure business? And lastly, given the West Asia crisis, are you 
seeing any disruption or taking a different approach to sourcing and inventory buildup compared 
to the normal strategy? 
Aravind Melligeri: Well, okay. Titanium and the superalloy, some of the steels, for example. In fact, right now, 
steels have one of the longest lead times in the industry. Some of the specific steels as high as -
- we're talking 65 weeks to 75 weeks lead times. And titanium t ypically is 52 weeks lead time. 
We have to plan. We can always buy a spot, but the cost is going to be prohibitive. So, it's all 
about planning and executing. 
=== PAGE 15 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 So, the procurement strategy is all about making sure that customer gives you the right demand 
and you plan your procurement based on that.  And obviously, what you mentioned, your third 
question of current disruption, geopolitical, West Asia issues, what we are seeing are all 
impacted. That does disrupt. That's why we always have certain amount of material covered 
before the beginning of the quarter. 
 And in this kind of situation, we proactively cover a little more, maybe 125% of our needs in a 
quarter, which may spill over to the next quarter demand also. We may have been typically 70% 
in the past, in the beginning of the quarter. 
 So, we have to go through some strategy changes to address this. And it costs us working capital, 
but at least we are making sure the customer deliveries are there and we're protecting our 
customer needs. 
Nikhil Jain: Okay. And sir, the difference between aeroengine and aerostructures raw material usage? 
Aravind Melligeri: Look, we are dealing with almost every material today. And most of the time, the material is 
enabled by the customer in terms of where to buy. So, it's more driven by that. It's just a different 
process. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Disha with Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Disha: Yes. Thank you so much, sir, for this opportunity. So, sir, we've seen Q4, the depreciation 
impact. And given that we're planning for the capex in FY27, how should we look at the overall 
run rate for depreciation and interest for FY27? 
Harish Bang: Yeah. So, Q4, our depreciation was about INR45 crores or INR46 crores approximately. So, of 
course, that will be the run rate plus the additions during the year. So, there'll be some addition 
on the depreciation for the capacity enhancement what we are doing in both the segments. 
Disha: And on the interest?. 
Harish Bang: Yeah, we will see a reduction in interest as compared to previous year. 
Disha: Okay. And you mentioned, sir, that the steady -state margins for the consumer business can be 
18% to 20%. Any sort of rough timeline as to when we can reach that and what sort of margins 
can we target for this business in FY28? 
Aravind Melligeri: It's pretty much driven by the utilization. You know, when you get to 50%, our expectation is to 
get 40% to 50% this year. When you get to somewhere around 75% utilization  level, we start 
seeing the margin levels. So, journey continues. 
Disha: Okay. So, this 18% to 20% can be seen at 75% to 80% utilization? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. 
Disha: Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
=== PAGE 16 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Aravind Melligeri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deep Shah from New Vernon Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah: Sir, my first question is if we just look at global consumer electronic supply chain, given the 
quality control hurdles, how Chinese manufacturers have accelerated over a 15 to 20 -year time 
frame. If you could just share your capabilities or your rejection rates or yields in this segment, 
and how do you plan to scale up? Will we see significant improvement in FY27 and FY28? 
That's my first question 
 My second question is over a three -year time frame, how should one look at capital? Will we 
see – I mean, I would assume that you would need probably INR1,500 crores of capex over three 
years. So, how do we plan to fund this capex? These are my two questions, sir 
Harish Bang: So, on the capex front, I will answer. Essentially, for FY27, we will leverage borrowings and 
also some bit of internal accruals to fund the planned capex. 
Rajeev Kaul: See, with respect to your question on the yield perspective, we cannot comment on a specific 
yield metrics as these are customer confidential. However, the consumer electronic operations 
are progressing to the normal learning curve. Currently, we are going  through a learning curve 
of production environment and our focus is currently improving utilization, process maturity, 
quality, and operating efficiency as volume scales. 
Deep Shah: Yes, yes. That answers my question. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Praveen Kumar with Equitas Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: Hello. Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. I had a question on the aerospace segment. In this 
segment, since you have surface treatment capabilities, which some of your domestic 
competitors may not have, and which might help you to deliver more integrat ed and larger 
products, how do you see that helping you in the next few years in terms of winning more SKUs 
and, expanding this part of the business? Thank you. 
Aravind Melligeri: Well, I mean, look, this is a very integral part of our business. In fact, we not only support 
ourselves, our own requirements, we also support the rest of the market in India. Our joint 
venture with Magellan Aerospace - API is part of our JVs, and they perform very well, as in line 
with our overall core aerospace business. 
 And so we feel very strongly, and this helps us to deliver the new parts at a rate which nobody 
else does in thein region, what I would say. For that matter, globally, I don't know how many 
customers, how many suppliers deliver 100-plus, 150 parts per month. 
Praveen Kumar: So my question, -- yes sir, go on. 
Aravind Melligeri: That's a definite MOAT for us as a company. We have invested over the last 15 years to get 
there. 
=== PAGE 17 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Praveen Kumar: So where do you see that translating into, you know, see, because you have this capability to 
deliver probably faster turnaround time and maybe to get into more integrated larger product 
parts, etcetera. So where do you see that playing out over the next few years? Do you think your 
customers are beginning to take notice of that and giving you more orders which reflect this 
capability? 
Aravind Melligeri: Yeah. I mean, we are seeing our order book growing faster than what it has done in the past. So 
it's definitely helping us. And also, we are adding more parts on a quarterly basis. That reflects 
our performance, our customers’ ability to absorb the volumes, and our ability to deliver at the 
same time. 
 
Praveen Kumar: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhavey Ahuja with Asymmetric Asset 
Managers LLP. Please go ahead. 
Bhavey Ahuja: I have one question on the consumer segment. So as we got to know that consumer revenue 
share has grown immediately from almost 5% to 17% from last year as we see. It is obviously a 
significant scale-up. However, we still see that the segment is still EBITDA loss-making. 
 And as we understood that Hasbro has existed as a client and recently, we have diversified with 
Mattel. So given this backdrop, and alongside the capital expansion as it has been done, so like, 
how confident the management is on the consumer breakeven, which was mentioned today, like, 
is there any path to breakeven? 
Dinesh Iyer: So to your question, I think like we covered in the earlier call, just to reiterate, Q4 was the first 
quarter where all the manufacturing costs hit us in the consumer electronics business, because 
the full capacity was commissioned towards the end of Q3. S o Q4 is the first time where the 
entire cost, all the operational cost, everything has hit us. 
 This is the standard process in any ramp phase. There is a date on which you start commercial 
production, all the costs start hitting. As we mentioned earlier, as utilization improves from 23% 
to 40% to 50%, the absorption of depreciation and fixed costs w ill be significant through the 
higher volumes and margins will recover sharply, which is why we have guided that in Q4 FY27, 
we should be at EBITDA breakeven. I hope that addresses your question. 
Bhavey Ahuja: Yeah. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Navin Vijay with NS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Navin Vijay: Good evening, sir. My question is on the consumer segment. To an earlier participant, you had 
mentioned that the current gross block is INR830 crores and we are going to add INR 500 crores 
in the subsequent years. That makes it INR1,330 crores. And you had  also mentioned that the 
asset terms will be 1.5. That gives a turnover of INR2,000 crores in the future. My question is, 
when do we envisage to hit that number, ballpark, sir? 
=== PAGE 18 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Aravind Melligeri: Most probably closer to in '29. 
Navin Vijay: '29, okay. That was my only question, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next follow-up question comes from Bhavika Singhvi from Niveshaay. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Yeah. Thank you for the question. So sir, on the aerospace side, I want to understand that as we 
have our entity in France and even in USA, and can you tell me how both entities are contributing 
in aerospace segment? Because as per my understanding, they are underutilized. So, are we 
expecting these two capacities getting ramped up in coming quarters? If you can make me 
understand, what exactly are we doing in the France and USA units? 
Rajeev Kaul: See, in North America -- the US basically is predominantly working for the US ITAR, US 
defense piece. And in France, we work on engine and landing gear component s. We are not 
adding anything for any capacity. Actually, our whole focus of adding capacity is only in India. 
These sites are basically to support us bring -- like France helps us bring our engine and landing 
gear capability. 
 And North America keeps us doing low -- like there are a lot of programs where there are low 
volumes and everything and supporting also the US defense side. These are the differences. So, 
that is our predominant focus from the manufacturing perspective in these regions. 
Rajeev Kaul: In the utilization perspective, typically, in these regions, it is not driven from the machining, the 
way what we see in India. In these regions utilization is driven by the number of people, people 
hours that actually drives the utilization. We normally run these utilization, if we see from the 
capacity is like a single shift basis, that is how we operate. So, the right way to look at the 
utilization is the people hours there. 
Aravind Melligeri: Because of the system where the way it has been published, it still measures on the machine 
hours. That is why it looks lower. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Okay, got it. And so, as we say that we are like a wholly vertically integrated facility in the 
aerospace side, I want to understand that in the aerostructures, where  we majorly operate, does 
this vertically integrated setup provide a benefit on the margin side, or we are making the same 
margins as any other player in the same part like aerostructures are making or do we see any 
improvement in the margin because of our advantage being vertically integrated? 
Aravind Melligeri: We believe we have a right level of margins for this business. And at the rate at which we are 
scaling, obviously, if we increase our margin, our win rate might come down. Those are all the 
competitive environment globally we play. So, it is a commercial call where we feel we are 
achieving the right level of ROCE, right level of growth, that’s the combination which we have, 
we believe it is the right number where we are. We feel confident to continue to grow at this 
rate. 
Dinesh Iyer: So, also just to add, I think the way you should look at it and just to highlight, when we built an 
ecosystem, I think the intent is to give a solution to the customer. So, margin is one element, but 
the ability for the customer to give more and more work in an integrated ecosystem within a 
=== PAGE 19 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
single zone. And we mentioned this in earlier calls also, there are increasing requirements of 
ESG where the parts should not travel a lot. 
 All these are solutions where within one zone in Belgaum, we are able to service. And these are 
the competitive advantages that we get where our right to win business is higher. So, margin is 
one element for our ability to grow and get deeper into the customer. 
 So, for example, this engine ecosystem that we are building, again, the success that we have had 
here, gives the customer confidence to help us build there as well. So, what you have to look at 
it is that this is a very long-term relationship with a very large tail of order book and our ability 
to win this and increase our share of customer wallet is what is important. 
Bhavika Singhvi: Okay. Thank you. That's all. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Pranjal Agarwal from Molecule Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranjal Agarwal: Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. My question is focused on the funding. Firstly, 
I just wanted to understand this INR2,800 crore s in Karnataka, that is cumulative or it's a new 
capex that you're planning over 5 years? 
Dinesh Iyer: Yeah. It's over the next 5 years investment. 
Pranjal Agarwal: Okay. As for consumer division, we are planning INR500 crores this year. Are there any 
guidance across next 5 years what we are planning on investing there? 
Dinesh Iyer: So, I think we can't really split that data, which is why directionally INR2,800 crores plus is the 
investment. Like we have mentioned, this is across our Belgaum and Hubli clusters. So, like you 
said, this year, like Harish mentioned earlier also, INR500 crores roughly and INR160 crores in 
aerospace. If you see over 5 years, you'll see some similar pattern of investment. 
Pranjal Agarwal: Fair enough. My last part would be around funding of this capex. Can you just throw some light 
on it? Like I understand INR660 crores this year you're planning through internal accruals. How 
are you exactly you're planning for the rest and how do we plan on going about that? 
Harish Bang: So, as I mentioned earlier, we'll be leveraging debt fund this capex along with internal accruals. 
Pranjal Agarwal: Can you just give a breakdown on that if possible? 
Aravind Melligeri: Let’s take that offline. 
Harish Bang: Yeah. 
Pranjal Agarwal: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as our last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
=== PAGE 20 of 20 | concalls/Concall_Jun_2026_Transcript.pdf ===
  Aequs Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Aravind Melligeri: Thank you, everyone. I appreciate you  taking the time to be a part of this call and please feel 
free to reach out to our team for any further questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Aequs Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you everyone 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 