[page 1]
                                                                                                                                
               
 
   Dynamic Cables Limited  
CIN: L31300RJ2007PLC024139 
 Regd. Office & Unit-1: F-260, Road No.13, VKI Area, Jaipur-302013 (INDIA) 
Ph: +91 141 2262589, 4042005 | Email:info@dynamiccables.co.in|Website:www.dynamiccables.co.in 
 
                                                                                                         
Date: 23.07.2026   
To, 
 
BSE Limited,                                                      National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                 Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street,                                                      G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001                                               Bandra(East) Mumbai-4000501 
Scrip Code: 540795                              Scrip Symbol: DYCL 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call for Un-audited Financial Results for Quarter ended 
June 30, 2026. 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call held on 
Monday, July 20, 2026 to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results for Quarter ended June 30, 
2026. 
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.dynamiccables.co.in/transcriptconcallQ1FY27.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dynamic Cables Limited  
 
 
Naina Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A56881 
 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
[page 2]
   Page 1 of 16 
 
  
  
“Dynamic Cables Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH MANGAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
DYNAMIC CABLES LIMITED 
 M R. MURARI LAL PODDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DYNAMIC CABLES LIMITED 
 M R. GOVIND SABOO – INVESTOR RELATION ADVISOR 
– DYNAMIC CABLES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR M S. NATASHA JAIN – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
[page 3]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dynamic Cables Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha from PhillipCapital. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Natasha Jain: Thank you, Ananya. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, I, Natasha Jain, 
welcome all of you to the first quarter FY27 Earnings Conference Call of Dynamic Cables 
Limited. From the management, we have Mr. Ashish Mangal, Managing Director; Mr. Murari 
Lal Poddar, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Govind Saboo, IR Advisor. 
 I request the management to give their opening remarks post which we shall open the floor for 
Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Mangal: Hello, good afternoon everyone. I, Ashish Mangal, Managing Director of Dynamic Cables, 
extend a warm welcome to all of you to our earnings call. We are pleased to report a strong 
start to the new financial year '27 with the company delivering its highest ever first quarter 
revenue along with healthy growth in EBITDA and PAT. 
 This performance reflects disciplined execution and improving product mix and sustained 
demand across both government and private sector projects. During the quarter, we also 
achieved an important milestone with our entry into the US markets, marking a significant step 
in expanding our global footprint and creating new opportunities for long-term growth. 
 Our ongoing capacity expansion project is progressing as planned and we expect 
commissioning to commence from September '26. This expansion will enhance our 
manufacturing capabilities and support the next phase of growth. 
 We continue to maintain a healthy order pipeline supported by strong investments in power 
transmission and distribution infrastructure, renewable energy, and industrial sectors and 
export traction. With robust demand visibility and our focus on operational excellence, we 
remain confident of sustaining our performance in the coming quarters. 
 With that, I now invite our CFO to share the financial highlights for the quarter. 
Murari Lal Poddar: Thank you, sir. During the first quarter of FY27, company delivered a healthy financial 
performance with revenue growing by 33% year-on-year to its highest ever first quarter level. 
EBITDA increased by 41% to INR38 crores supported by improved operating leverage, a 
favourable product mix, and continued cost discipline. 
 EBITDA margin improved to 10.9% reflecting enhanced operational efficiency, while profit 
after tax grew by 37% to INR25 crores. Customer-wise contribution in Q1 FY27 was around 
government sales 16%, private sales 71%, export 13%. Product-wise contribution in Q1 FY27 
[page 4]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
was HV cables 68%, LV cables 30%, conductor 2%. As of 30th June 2026, our order book 
stands at INR811 crores providing strong revenue visibility. 
 Thank you and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Good afternoon to the team. I have two questions. My first question is with this quarter has 
shown considerable good growth in revenue, which is very good, but at the same time we 
know input costs for copper and aluminium have been volatile. 
 I just want to understand from your point of view how do you see the company managing this 
balance on one side demand for cables is strong, but on the other side rising raw material 
prices could put pressure on your margins. How do you see the company protecting the profits 
if commodity costs remain high? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after 
this. Thank you. 
Management: Yes, hi. So basically, we have two kinds of contracts with our customers, one is the fixed price 
contract and one is the variable price contract. So, in variable price contract, we have a clause 
built in for price variation. So, whatever is the increase or decrease in input cost for the cable, 
we pass it on to our customers and customers bear that volatility. 
 And in the fixed price contract, whenever we take an order, we typically try to book the raw 
material at the same time so that our margins are not impacted. And this is how we are 
functioning for many years and this is how the industry is organized also. 
Sucrit D. Patil: Right. My second question is on a finance related. Financially, the company has delivered 
growth but working capital requirements in the cable business are always heavy. So, I'm just 
curious to know how you're going to approach this, keeping liquidity strong, managing debt 
levels, and still funding the growth if receivables stretch or borrowing costs rises. How do you 
see the company maintaining both growth investments and shareholder returns in this case? 
Thank you. 
Management: Yes, so valid point. It is a working capital-intensive business as you have rightly pointed out 
and we are also able to, we also try to optimize our working capital cycle by keeping our 
receivable days under control. So, we try to negotiate terms of trade and choose the right 
business which have favourable terms of trade with us. Fortunately, there has been enough 
opportunities whereby we can grow sustainably with financial discipline. So that has been a 
good sign for the company. 
 Secondly, we try to manage our borrowing cost by improving our credit ratings so that we get 
a better borrowing cost or interest charges from our lenders and we are able to, that's how we 
are able to maintain our borrowing cost and working capital cycle as a whole. If you look at 
our past track record, we try to do around 4x plus our turnover, working capital turnover ratio 
is more than 4x compared to us, in our past track record if you look at it. 
[page 5]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: Thank you and best wishes. 
Management: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Sevaldasani from Sundaram 
Alternates. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: Yes, hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats for a good set of numbers. So, first 
question is if you can help us with the breakup of the volume growth and the realization 
growth for Q1 year-on-year? 
Management: So, year-on-year basis, I mean everybody you must be aware that the input costs have gone up, 
especially the aluminium prices have gone up significantly. So, if we break out that volume 
and value growth, 5% to 6% is our volume growth and balance is large part of it is kind of 
derived by the price growth of aluminium and largely aluminium. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: So, can you help us understand why this growth was weaker in Q1 and how do we see growth 
going forward? 
Management: Yes, so there are two, three aspects. One is that if you look at our base effects, so last Q1 our 
volume growth was around 25%, 26%. So, the base effect was quite high in this quarter. 
Secondly, because of this sudden increase in raw material prices or input costs, our customers, 
some order postponement also happened in Q1 because I mean, it was a very, very sudden 
increase, I mean you know it how the prices have shot up from March into April and May. 
 So, this was the major reason kind of why this volume growth was around 5% - 6%. Going 
forward, I think this should improve because now things are settling down, but again it's very, 
very uncertain environment we are doing our business and globally there is so much of 
uncertainty. So, but still, we are very positive on the growth prospects of power sector as a 
whole and we believe that we should be able to cope up with a similar level of growth in times 
to come in the next quarters as well. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: Sure. And sir, just on this capacity addition, I think you mentioned that now it is on track. So, 
I'm assuming all the regulatory approvals I think which were delayed are now -- we have that 
and I think from October the new plant would start. Is that correct? 
Management: Yes, yes. I think the delay is now behind us. So now we are on track moving on the 
implementation schedule and we are planning to commission the plant in September. So that is 
the status. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: Sure. And sir, my next question is on the order book. I think order book is around INR810 
crores. Year-on-year growth looks very weak. Can you help us understand why it is just 10% 
up year-on-year despite such a sharp increase in the aluminium prices? 
Management: Sir, April, May as I mean again, I'm reiterating that point that April, May was very, very weak 
order booking for not only for us, I think it should be a common phenomenon across because 
[page 6]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
there was lot of reluctance from the customers to book orders at an elevated prices and 
probably as we go ahead and things stabilize, it should pick up. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: Sure. And sir, just lastly, I think we have mentioned some breakthrough in the exports if you 
could talk about that. 
Management: So largely we have been trying to enter into the US market for last, I think 15-18 months and 
we had got the licenses and all those things, but the tariff and everything there was lot of 
policy uncertainty and this entire plan got delayed and we were surrounded by lot of this tariff 
barriers and other policy uncertainties from the US front. 
 So, this quarter we finally entered into the US market. We started our first supply to the US 
market and it's a large, large market. So, if the first trials or the first orders we see are received 
well in the market, we expect good reordering and good cross-referencing in that market for 
the future. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: Sure. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: Good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, like you have made strategic 
moves into high growth areas like HTLS conductor and data center cables. So, like if you 
could share update what kind of capacities we have specifically high growth areas in those 
cables and what is the plan and how do you prioritize capital allocation between existing capex 
and future high growth areas? 
Management: Yes, so both these areas, the HTLS conductors as well as data center cables, both are futuristic 
investment and we believe that in next three, four years, five years, they should be a good 
market. There are lot of figures I mean the estimated market sizes which are which are already 
many experts and many of our, of our industry guys are estimating and we are also on the same 
lines. 
 We have started our product development process and approval process because these are the 
two critical things. On the capex side, we believe that most of the capex in these two areas is 
going to be fungible. So, there would not be a need of a substantial capex per se to address 
these two markets. We would be able to address these markets from our existing machinery 
plus some add-on if it is required because lot of the process is similar and our machineries are 
fungible enough or plant is fungible enough to cater to those markets. 
 So, there is not much problem of the capital allocation side, but I think the key progress which 
or I mean the key areas of our focus is product development and customer development or 
customer engagement because that is going to be the key driver for growth in these areas. 
Market size supposedly we believe that it is going to be quite substantial and given the market 
size estimates, all the players in the industry would be benefited out of it. 
[page 7]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Balasubramanian: Got it, sir. Can I ask a small question? 
Management: Yes, please. 
Balasubramanian: Sir, we have seen order book is almost flat range, but we have seen strong traction in the 
international market, especially US, if you could talk about that order book momentum and our 
bidding strategy or the inquiry pipelines, especially on the international markets? 
Management: So, it is quite good actually, but the I think what has happened is that because of this war and 
all this volatility and instability in the global markets, the order sizes have bit of shortened. So 
that is one thing which actually can be a point which can be highlighted or can be I mean 
discussed over this call. But other than that, we believe that the delivery or the dispatch 
momentum is quite healthy. 
Moderator: Balasubramanian, sir, please come back to the queue for further follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Ravi from Sundaram Family Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ravi: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had one quick question. In Q1, were there any one-offs 
that led because this is one of our best Q1 results, were there any one-offs in this quarter and 
what is our guidance for the full year? Thank you. 
Management: So basically, there was no one-off, Ravi. It was I mean as we discussed that I mean the price 
increase was quite substantial and that led to this high growth rates as we discussed with other 
participants also. We don't kind of give an yearly guidance, but what we always guide is that 
we have been growing at 18%-20% since last 10-15 years and we should be able to maintain 
our growth rates in long-term growth rates around this level in future also. 
Ravi: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kedar M Lepaxy from Global Consilient 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Kedar M Lepaxy: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. Sir, so my 
question is regarding the solar cables as part of the revenue. Sir, what would be your guidance 
for FY27 on the percentage of revenue in solar cables? 
Management: Our solar cable revenue has been around 20% in Q1 and on the full year basis also I think it 
should remain in the similar range. Especially for first half of the year, in the second half of the 
year with a new plant coming up, it may increase, but I mean the more notable increase will 
only be visible next year. 
Kedar M Lepaxy: That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Management: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidit Trivedi from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
[page 8]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Vidit Trivedi: Yes, hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of numbers. If you 
can please speak a bit more about on the exports part. Can you give us a breakup of the overall 
geography and second, you know what's the business model in the US region? 
Management:  Yes, so traditionally, we have been exporting to Asian and African countries and this time the 
addition has been the US market. So, now we have another geography to add or I would say a 
new geography we have started this quarter only. Breakup, I think US contributed around 15% 
of the total exports round about and the balance came from our traditional markets of Asia and 
Southeast Asia and Africa. 
 This time this quarter as expected the Middle East and this entire Gulf region was absolutely 
negligible or I would say not worth mentioning. So that was an exception on the export 
overview. What was your second question? I'm sorry, I just missed out. 
Vidit Trivedi:  Sir, with respect to the US, is it going to be a distribution-led model or… 
Management:  Yes, US is a completely distribution-led model and so we also have to engage with the 
distributors out there and they in turn supply those materials to the distribution utility 
companies in US. 
Vidit Trivedi:  Got it, sir. Sir, just in addition to this, if you can… 
Moderator:  Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Vidit, I request you to re-join the queue for any follow-up questions. 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity Advisory. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Jain:  Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good quarter. So, my first question 
is related to the US market sale. How do we see the US sales going forward in the rest of the 
year and how are the margins in this business versus domestic? 
Management:  So, US market, I mean we have just entered this market and hopefully and thankfully we have 
entered in the first quarter itself. So, as we were discussing earlier that these are the first 
shipments which are being dispatched from our factories to the US and probably once they 
reach the US market, they are consumed in the US market, we will be in a position to get some 
reordering and as well as cross-referencing for the new customers.  
So again, it's a journey basically which we have just started and it's difficult to comment on a 
one-year target or a short-term target but yes in the longer run it is a huge, huge market 
opportunity. If we are able to crack that and execute that well, it'll be a big growth driver for 
company as a whole in the long-term. 
Nitin Jain:  And the margins part? 
Management:  Margins are, I mean, initially it's quite similar to what we do domestically. Going forward, 
there may be some incremental margins as we have our foothold established in the market. 
[page 9]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Nitin Jain:  Okay, thank you. My second question is on the order book. So, quarter-on-quarter the growth 
seems to be slowing down. So, do we see this impacting the revenue growth going forward and 
what part of the order book is fixed price versus variable price contracts? 
Management:  Yes, so I mean, it's true this quarter has seen a slowdown. It's an industry-wide slowdown, 
nothing to do with Dynamic as a whole I believe. And secondly, as we were discussing with 
the earlier participant as such that the impact on dispatches or customer off-take is not 
impacted. It is only that the order book has shortened, order cycle has shortened.  
So, we are not expecting, I mean, our customers are not giving us far-fetched orders now-a-
days because nobody wants to lock in the price at such elevated levels. So, probably, in short, 
what we believe is that the revenue booking should not have a major impact because of the 
order book. 
Nitin Jain:  And the percentage of fixed price versus variable? 
Management:  Around 20%, roughly I am giving, I don't have the exact number but around 20% would be 
fixed price. 
Nitin Jain:  Okay, thank you so much. And just one feedback, if you could upload the press release a little 
bit in advance that will be very helpful next time. 
Management:  Yes, this time… 
Nitin Jain: I mean, if comes out just a minute or so before.  
Management: No, no, I think just to clarify to all the participants, we always upload the press release five to 
ten minutes after the financial results. This time there was a technical glitch which we faced 
and that is why we could not upload, but it has been uploaded but delayed. So, apologies to 
everybody for any inconvenience. 
Nitin Jain: No problem. Thank you so much. 
Management:  Yes, yes. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha Chhabria from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Disha Chhabria:  Hello, am I audible? 
Management:  Yes, yes. 
Disha Chhabria: Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the good set of 
numbers. My question was regarding that what would be the contribution from renewables or 
solar cables and what growth do you see particularly from this segment? 
Management:  Yes, solar cable it has been a key growth area for us in last couple of years. So, it is a 
substantial revenue contributor now. It has become 20% of our revenue around about. And 
[page 10]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
going forward also we remain quite bullish on this entire renewable energy play in our 
country, specifically the solar parks and the solar orders which are coming in. So, we believe 
that it can it can grow at 25%-30% for at least for next three, four years. 
Disha Chhabria:  Okay, sir. And my next question was that while we have shut down and discontinued various 
segment like signal cables and low voltage cables, is there any rationalization before, like fully 
like how do you set a framework for that? And is there any other segment that you still think of 
cleaning up and getting into some particular focused segments in the medium term? 
Management:  Yes, yes, I got it. So, basically the key segment I mean the it's not a shutdown actually, but in 
the railway signaling segment of our business, we were not able to get our desired margins and 
there was lot of competition. So, we have temporarily held back that segment once the 
competition becomes healthy or the market becomes healthy for us and we are waiting for the 
right time to come into that business. 
So, it's not the kind of shutdown or something like that. As I have already told you before that 
most of our capacities are fungible. So, it can be used for other segments also. And it is there 
need not be any plant shutdown or any business shutdown because it's flexible in terms of how 
the company is organized and how the management is organized. The only thing is that 
because of this business environment, we have held back for a while in this particular segment. 
Second point was that we have been focusing or we have been compensating this from the 
renewable energy cables, the distribution power distribution cables and going forward we are 
focusing on developing the export markets, we are focusing on developing the entire data 
center play and the EV play which are going to be huge plays for the segment as such or for 
the industry as such. So that's how the strategy is placed out as of now. 
Disha Chhabria:  Thank you. And just last question if you allow... 
Moderator:  Sorry to interrupt, Ms. Disha, you may please rejoin the queue for any follow-up questions. 
Disha Chhabria: Okay. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nilabja Dey from Ashmore Research. Please go ahead. 
Nilabja Dey:  Okay. Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is that this new plant, 
which is coming in the month of September, what is the peak revenue capacity of this new 
plant? 
Management:  So, we are doing a capex of around INR45 crores in the new plant and typically our asset 
turnover has been 6x to 7x. 
Nilabja Dey: Okay. 
Management: So that this is the revenue addition. I mean, you can calculate roundabout from that. And 
secondly, there is a scope of brownfield expansion because this is I mean, in our greenfield, 
typically when we do a greenfield plant, there is always a scope of internal expansion in that 
plant. 
[page 11]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Nilabja Dey: Okay, fine. And just I know there is a one just give me… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, you may please rejoin the queue for any follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from Kamana Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. So, I wanted to talk more on the broader theme that 
the company has been portraying to investors of and actually doing too, which is moving away 
from -- moving more to high voltage cables and medium voltage cables from LT cables. So 
wanted to understand on that your strategy to move into markets like the US.  
Could you explain exactly what type of cables are we trying to what type of products exactly 
are we targeting over 3 years in the US? So, on FY27, FY28, FY29 what type of products are 
we targeting in the US? What is the market potential for these products? Who are the 
competitors for these the competitors who we are in competition with for these products and 
how do data center cables come into this whole US place for us? 
Management: So Kaustav ji, the US market is license driven. So, we have to take like in India, we have to 
take BIS license, so the same way for US also there is some product approval process and 
licensing restrictions for any supply of cables. So, we have got license for our HV/LV cables 
only in US also, HV/LV and MV cables. 
The same cables which we are manufacturing and supplying to Indian markets and other 
global markets. So,– this will be our main theme going forward or the main target for next 
couple of years, 3 years as you mentioned in US also. The ultimate utilization of these cables is 
again multi-dimensional.  
So, it is they are largely used in the power distribution T&D network, so the distribution 
network and the transmission network. Secondly, it is used in I mean there are other uses like 
renewable and others which typically stand for in our country and other markets as well. In 
terms of the third thing which I would like to highlight that we discussed earlier also with other 
participants that it is more a distribution-led market.  
So, you have to engage with a distributor -- local distributor in the US and probably he kind of 
-- that distributor kind of further supplies to the utilities or the EPC contractor or wherever the 
demand is coming from. So, this is how you have to engage with or you have to approach the 
US markets.  
On the competition side, U.S., there is a global competition. It's a global sourcing market from 
its local competition or the local cable manufacturers to its neighbours like Mexico and other 
countries to Turkey and all these Asian countries like India and China and everybody. So, 
there is competition all over the place.  
The only good thing or the tailwind or the positive thing which we look at the US market or 
the strategy behind moving into the US market is that it's a very, very large market and it's a 
market not to be ignored for any cable manufacturer globally. And secondly, there is a huge 
replacement demand which is slated to come in for next 10, 15, 20 years. So, it's a long-term 
favourable scenario working in US market. So that is what has attracted us to get into the US 
[page 12]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
market and even if we get a small pie of that market, it will be a substantial growth driver for 
our company. So, this increases our TAM by multi-fold. That's what I can say. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rushit Shukla from Nexus Equity Growth 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rushit Shukla: Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. So, my question is regarding the prices of raw 
material. If they were to… 
Moderator: I’m sorry, sir. You are not audible. 
Rushit Shukla: [Inaudible] 
Moderator: Sir, your audio is not clear. May I please request you to use the handset? 
Rushit Shukla:  Hello. Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. So, my question is if the prices of raw 
material were to remain in this range, can we expect similar growth numbers in upcoming 
quarters Q2 or Q3? 
Management:  Yes, if I mean nobody the raw material prices are in nobody's hands actually. So, it can go up 
also and it can come down also. We have already seen a reversal in raw material prices as 
everybody is aware, it's common information. So, it's a very hypothetical kind of question 
which you are asking. 
I think the right way to look at it is that we  wish to maintain our long-term growth strategy of 
20% plus here and there, couple of percentage points here and there in the long-term and there 
may be some quarters of high growth because of price, because of volume, there would be 
other quarters of moderate growth but overall we would be able to achieve that growth 
trajectory which we have achieved in the past also. 
Rushit Shukla:  Okay. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from Nuvama PCG Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Jani:  Yes, hi sir. I hope I'm audible and thanks for taking my question. 
Management:  Very much audible. 
Jigar Jani:  Yes, sir. Congratulations, sir, first of all on a great set of numbers, really outperforming our 
guidance as well. Just one question, sir, on the new capex, sir, how much can we expect from a 
revenue contribution given that we have only half a year and there will be teething issues? So, 
any ballpark estimates of turnover we can expect from the new capex? 
Management:  So, I mean September we are kind of planning to commission the plant. So, any revenue 
contribution or meaningful revenue contribution one should expect only from Q4. It is fair to 
kind of assume any substantial or a meaningful revenue contribution from Q4 onwards only. 
That's what I can say. And I think we should be able to ramp up our capacity in next 12 to 18 
[page 13]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
months before we get into some brownfield or some internal expansions into that plant. So that 
is the broad guidance which I can give you, Jigar. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Purohit from Fident Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Purohit:  Hi, thanks for the opportunity and great to see the company deliver in a relatively softer 
quarter. Just one question, what was the volume growth in cables and conductors separately? 
You mentioned 5% to 6% but can you give the breakup here? 
And also, as we had explained in quarter four, so last quarter we had exited, we had 
temporarily maybe exited the railway signalling and LV conductor business where margins 
were softer. What was the impact of the base for this quarter? I mean, what was the growth in 
the core products for this quarter? 
Management:  So, the conductor volume growth was lower than the cable growth during this quarter. So, this 
is the first thing. And on the railway signalling side, I think the last Q1, it was normalized I 
believe. Yes, it was zero in last Q1. So, there is no base effect for this quarter. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Garg from ZenFlow Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Neha Garg:  Hello. Yes, good afternoon, sir. Am I audible? 
Management:  Yes, please go ahead. 
Neha Garg:  Yes, congratulations, sir, for the good set of numbers. My question is like the Indian wire and 
the cables market is highly fragmented and nearly every major player is expanding its capacity 
in HV or the EHV cable. So, is the pricing competition intensifying from the large players and 
how does it affect your realizations? 
Management:  Yes, absolutely. So, there is lot of expansion which is going on amongst ourselves, amongst all 
the players and we are also expanding, so we are no exception to that. But fortunately, the 
demand scenario has picked up pace and is picking up pace with the expansion -- with the on-
going expansion. 
And that is why whatever competition we are seeing in the market it's a healthy competition up 
till now. So, fortunately we believe that this should continue as there are multiple demand 
levers or growth levers which are consistently coming up and it's a secular growth play for the 
cable market or the power sector -- power market as a whole, especially on the T&D side in 
times to come. So that is what is our view on the sector. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: Hi, sir. This is Sonal Minhas. I hope I'm audible. 
Management: Yes, please. 
[page 14]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sonal Minhas: Yes, sir. I wanted to understand the rise in debt on the balance sheet when I compare the 
numbers that are reported as of 31st March 26 and as of June 26. The revenue is largely in the 
same ballpark range, but the debt has actually gone up. So, I just want to understand this? 
Management: Yes, yes, absolutely. You are correct. So, debt has gone up as compared to March and the 
major contributor for the debt to grow up is the higher value of the inventory -- the inventory 
carrying value has gone up because of the increasing raw material prices. So, though the 
quantity of inventory is same, but the value of the inventory has gone up by 25%, 30% as 
compared -- whatever 20%, 25% as compared to March. 
So, this has been a major contributor. And secondly, we had a very high revenue quarters 
back-to-back for two quarters continuously. So, if you look at our last six months sales of 
March as compared to last six months sales of June, that has gone up substantially. So, if you 
compare the debtor days on basis these last six months sale, then it has remained same. So just 
to clarify on that front which we always do on our press release also. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Gandhi from Glorytail Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Gandhi: Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, 
specifically our B2B client list also includes Adani Group and Birla Group, both of whom are 
coming with cables and wires business mostly maybe for their captive consumption. So, do we 
see this as a risk for orders coming from these groups and will it impact us in material way? 
Management: So basically, we have kind of I don't know what is their business plan. I'm not sure on the 
business plan of those two companies because they continue to buy cables from us also. Adani, 
the Birla people are more focused we believe or what the limited knowledge we have, Birla 
Group is more focused on the house wire segment rather than this power cable segment which 
we are into. 
So, it should not have much impact on us. And on the Adani side also, we believe that there is, 
I mean what kind of cables or what is their business model, we still have to check or we still 
need to wait and watch what is their business model. But I think the major question around all 
these things again we want to reiterate is the approval process. 
So, it's a long approval process which one has to follow if you have to supply cables and we 
are quite there are the kind of approvals which we carry only few players in the country have 
and that is what I believe is a long journey for any new entrant into our segment or the 
approval market which we are serving. So just to clarify on our business model versus others. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kavina Desai from Skyridge Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Kavina Desai: Hi, am I audible? 
Management: Yes. 
[page 15]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Kavina Desai: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just a quick question, what is your current capacity 
utilization across the existing facilities and do you also have E-beam across them or it's a new 
thing that you're launching in the new facility? 
Management: So, E-beam is a new setup for us. So, in our current plants, we don't have any E-beam setup. 
So, it will be the first time we would be launching the E-beam. And secondly, our existing 
capacity we are working on an 85% around capacity utilization levels. So, we are quite 
optimally utilizing our capacity as of today. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pragyam Ladda from Omni Management 
LLC. Please go ahead. 
Pragyam Ladda: Sir, just one question. How is how big is the TS Conductor Corp opportunity? Also, sir, many 
other players have entered into a similar agreement. So how do we differentiate ourselves in 
the segment? 
Management: So, it's a very I mean again as we were discussing earlier also, it's a futuristic technology, 
whereby the existing conductors can be replaced by high voltage conductors. So, the load can 
or the power transmission load can be increased, I mean, 2x, 3x whatever substantially I would 
say by within the existing infrastructure. So, you don't need to have additional poles and all 
these things. So, this is the basic concept behind it. 
Every player or all the major players in in the cable and conductor segment manufacturers are 
doing this technology technical tie-up with the three, four, five people globally who are having 
or who have developed this technology, and by using this technology they would be able to 
serve this market in future. 
Now how big can it be, it all depends upon how aggressively the government is willing or I 
mean the utilities are willing to take up this opportunity because it requires lot of testing, lot of 
product development approval and their internal setup needs to change, the cost alignment 
needs to take place. So again, it's it can be a huge opportunity if 20%30% of the grid is also 
replaced. 
Mathematically it becomes a very huge opportunity, but practically if you look at it, it has lot 
of alignment which needs to be done from the utilities end. So, everybody, but definitely it's a 
good solution to increase the transmission load without new towers and new tower 
infrastructure basically. That is the whole idea. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khadija Mantri from Capri Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Khadija Mantri: Yes, good afternoon, sir. Just one quick question. In the annual report, we have mentioned that 
we would also be diversifying into house wires. So is that and I just wanted to know the reason 
for it because house wire is a competitive category and a low margin category. So then why 
are we looking to get into house wires? 
[page 16]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Management: So yes, absolutely right. So, I mean, it's the Building Wire segment, we are not getting into the 
distribution segment of B2C kind of segment in that. We just want to be into the B2B segment 
which has been our DNA as a company, and it is just an additional product for us in the similar 
segment. 
So, there is no ways we are getting into the distribution or branding or all these activities for 
the Building Wire segment just to clarify on that, and we would stick to our B2B DNA with 
complete financial discipline. I mean we don't want to get into that competitive and low 
margin space at all because that's never been the philosophy of the company. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Jain: Yes, thank you for the follow-up opportunity. I just wanted to dig a little deeper into the order 
booking. You mentioned that customers were unwilling to book orders at a high aluminum 
price, but on the contrary, like we do have the PGCIL approval in place, and also unlike the 
last summer, which is a short summer and monsoon started early, we had an extended summer 
this year. So, are these two not helping? How is it now? 
Management: Sir, price is king. So, I mean nobody is willing to book material at such high prices for project 
executions in Q3. Nobody wants to do it. They're still waiting for prices to correct and 
probably get a good I mean book the orders at a reasonable price for projects which are to be 
executed six months hence or five months hence or eight months hence. So only the near-term 
orders which are going to be executed in next two, three, four months, we are receiving orders 
only for those contracts which is immediate requirement of the customers. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Purohit from Fident Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Purohit: Yes, thanks for the follow-up opportunity. So, you mentioned 18 to 20 months from quarter 
four for the new plant to ramp up. Can you specify a utilization number that we are targeting 
by end of FY28 or us to get a sense of how much this new plant will contribute to revenue? 
Management: I mean at the end of '28 you are saying. So it is basically yes, 18 months from the date of 
commencement. So, I mean the target is to have a optimum utilization of that plant at 80% -- 
85% by end of FY '28. But let's see how the market responds, how things fold up. So that is 
why we always it's very difficult to kind of predict 18 months hence a scenario as of today, but 
yes, we target to have an optimum utilization in next 18 months of the plant. 
Moderator: Thank you. The last question comes from the line of Kaustav Bubna from Kamana Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: Yes, so just wanted to drill a little further on this data center cables. Could you speak about the 
rollout of rollout timelines and what type of cables, what markets, and the opportunity size? 
Management: Yes, so opportunity size is I think very, very large as everybody is kind of projecting also and 
estimating also. Now that on the timeline the there are two types of cables which would be 
[page 17]
Dynamic Cables Limited 
July 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
used in the data centers, one would be the communication cables and the other would be the 
power cables. We are as we are in the power cable segment, we would be addressing that part 
of the cable requirement. 
 So, communication cables or the OFC cables or whatever communication type cables are 
going to be used, that is not our product portfolio or product basket as of today. And timelines-
wise, it is very tricky because it depends on lot of macros which is not in our hand honestly. 
We are sticking to the basics, engaging with our customers who would eventually be involved 
in data center implementation or rollout in the in our country and we are being guided by them 
only. 
 So, this is the simple basic work which we are sticking to in terms of data centers. Timeline-
wise, it is really tricky honestly for from our end to kind of comment on anything. We believe 
that it is in a very, very nascent stage as of now in our country. 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand over the conference to Ms. 
Natasha Jain for closing remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Natasha Jain: Thank you, Ananya. I request management to give any closing comments. 
Management: No, thank you so much. Thank you, all the investors and thank you for showing faith in us and 
good luck to all. Thank you. And if you have any follow-up questions, queries because today 
was a very swift call, you can reach out to us. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: That concludes this conference. On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect. 