[page 1]
 
 
Date: 26th December, 2025 
  
To  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code: 544633 Trading Symbol: VIDYAWIRES 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 and 4 6 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, December 24, 2025 for public at 11:00 A.M. IST. 
 
The said transcript is also a vailable at website of the Company at 
https://www.vidyawire.com/ipo -documents/?type=Disclosure-under-Regulation-
46&title=earning-calls-intimation -recordings-and-transcripts . 
 
 Please take the above information on record.  
Thanking you, 
 
For Vidya Wires Limited, 
 
_______________________ 
Alpesh Makwana  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer      
ICSI Membership No.: A46284 
 
Encl: as above 

[page 2]
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Vidya Wires Limited 
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
December 24, 2025 
 
  
                        
  
ANALYST: MR. AJIT SAHU - IDBI CAPITAL MARKETS AND 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHAILESH RATHI - MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. NAVEEN PACHISIA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ARUN MAHESHWARI - HEAD FINANCE 
[page 3]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator : Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to  Vidya Wires Limited ’s Q2 FY2026 
earnings conference call. Please note all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. With that I hand over the call to Mr. Ajit Sahu 
from IDBI Capital Markets and Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you.  
Ajit Sahu: Thank you Swapnil. Good morning all. This is Ajit Sahu and I welcome you all on behalf of 
IDBI Capital to Vidya W ires Limited’s Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference call. From the 
management side, we have Mr. Shailesh Rathi, Managing Director, Mr. Naveen Pachisia, 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Arun Maheshwari, Head Finance. I will now hand over call 
to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you and over to the team.  
Shailesh Rathi: Good morning everyone. I am Shailesh Rathi, Managing Director, Vidya Wires. A very 
warm welcome to all on this maiden earning s call of V idya Wires Limited. Our financial 
results have been shared with the stock exchanges and uploaded to our website. I trust you 
have had the opportunity to review them. Today marks a proud milestone for Vidya Wires, 
our very first results after listing and our deb ut earning call. This moment is a testament to 
the trust and support of all our stakeholders for which I am truly grateful. For those who are 
new to our story, let me provide a brief overview of the Company. Vidya Wires today is 
recognized as one of India's leading manufacturers of winding and conductivity products 
with over four decades of proven expertise. We were incorporated on December 11, 1981 in 
Gujarat. What started as a single manufacturing unit has now evolved into a Company with 
significant presence in India ’s electrical infrastructure landscape. Our diversified product 
portfolio spans multiple categories, enamelled copper and aluminium wires, winding wires, 
paper insulated conductors, copper busbars, specialized products like PV ribbons for solar 
applications. We manufacture more than 8500 SKUs with the sizes ranging as thin as 0.07 
mm to 25 mm. demonstrating our capability to serve diverse customer requirements. With 
two advanced manufacturing facilities in Anand, Gujarat, the Milk City of India, and a well-
diversified customer base across India and international markets, we are well -placed to 
capture opportunities arising from accelerating infrastructure investments, renewable energy 
expansion, and rising demand for electrical equipment . Today, Vidya Wires is the fourth 
largest player in the Indian winding and conductivity product industry with a 5.7% market 
share. With our ongoing expansion, we are well poised to become the third largest with 
11% market share. Our commitment to excellence has been recognized through multiple 
national awards for outstanding entrepreneurship and EEPC India Export Awards over the 
years. A key pillar of our competitive advantage is our backward integrated manufacturing 
model. We produce oxygen -free copper rods in -house from copper cathodes meeting 
approximately 35 % to 40 % of our copper rod requirements internally. This vertical 
[page 4]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
integration combined with our comprehensive quality control systems that inspect materials 
at multiple production stages ensures consistent product excellence. This strong foundation 
underscores our long -term growth potential and ability to create value for our stakeholders.  
 Let me now walk you through the key aspects of our business. While India remains our 
primary market contributing 86% of revenues, we have built a meaningful international 
presence. We export to more than 18 countries across five continents, including United 
States, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Australia, Canada, and many more. Our UL approval enables 
exports to the US market, and we are pre-approved suppliers to Power  Grid Corporation of 
India Limited. Our business model is well de-risked. In FY2025, we serve to more than 458 
customers with no single customer contributing more than 9% of our revenue. Our r epeat 
customers ’ revenue stands at an impressive 94%. Many of our customer relationships span 
more than 25 years, which speaks to the trust we have built through consistent quality and 
reliable service.  
 Before I move to the Company updates, let me briefly touch upon the broader industry 
backdrop. The Indian winding and conductivity products market stands at approximately  
3.43 lakh metric tons. Our products are essential components in the electrical value chain 
and demand is directly linked to India ’s power sector growth, industrialization, and 
urbanization. India ’s power sector is set for steady, high  quality growth. Today, the 
generation capacity is expected to more than double from 442 gigawatt in 2024 to 
approximately 900 gigawatt by 2032. The transmission sector alone is anticipated to attract 
investments of approximately Rs.9.16 trillion. This creates a durable demand funnel across 
transmission, industrial, and renewable segments. Building on this demand momentum, 
policy support is strong , the government has set an ambitious target of 500 gigawatt of 
renewable energy capacity by 2030. Solar capacity is expected to reach 365 gigawatt by 
FY2032 growing at a 14.5% CAGR. The electrical vehicle revolution is creating entirely 
new demand for copper and alumin ium products. The wire and cable market is projected to 
grow from US $17.7 billion to US $27.8 billion by 2028 at a 9.5% CAGR. The EV 
revolution and clean energy transition are reshaping product requirements lightweight, high-
conductivity materials are increasingly essential for EV applications and energy -efficient 
electrical equipment. Expansion of smart grids, use of AI and data centers, metro railways, 
and telecommunication  infrastructure is adding another dimension to market growth. 
Government initiatives such as National Smart Grid Mission, Power for All and the 
revamped  distribution sector schemes with an outlay of 3.03 trillion are modernizing India’s 
electrical infrastructure. Urban electrification, rural connectivity programs, and smart city 
projects are creating sustained  demand across voltage categories from low voltage building 
wires to high voltage transmission cables and transformers. Together, these macro tailwinds 
[page 5]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
provide multi-year execution visibility for our industry. For Vidya Wires, this translates into 
real opportunity.  
 Coming to our strategic priorities, I am pleased to share the key updates on our growth 
journey. We are nearly doubling our manufacturing capacity from 19680 metric tons per 
annum to 376 80 metric tons per annum through our new facility Narsanda via our 
subsidiary called as  ALCU Industries. The location is strategic, just 15 kilometers from our 
existing operations, enabling us to leverage existing management bandwidth , skilled 
workforce, and supplier relationship. This new facility shall contribute significantly to our 
topline in the coming quarters. Looking ahead, we are systematically broadening our 
product range from 12 to 18 product categories. Our expansion roadmap includes high 
voltage products such as continuously transposed copper conductors, enamelled aluminium 
products, multi -paper covered copper conductors, PV ribbons, specialized enamelled copper 
strips for electric vehicles, solar cables, and copper foils. While India remains our primary 
market, we recognize the importance of geographic diversification. Currently exporting to 
18 countries, we are targeting exports to contribute up to 25% of our revenues post -
expansion supported by growing international demand in our expanded product portfolio.  
 I am also happy to share that approximately 26% of our power requirements are sourced 
from renewable energy through our own solar and windmill installations. Sustainable 
manufacturing is not just good for environment but also provide s us the cost stability. With 
this overview, I now hand over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Naveen Pachisia, who 
will take you through our financial performance, IPO proce eds utilization, and operational 
highlights. Naveen over to you.  
Naveen Pachisia : Thank you Shailesh sir. Good morning everyone. I am delighted to report yet another period 
of strong mark by robust operational execution and healthy financial performance. This 
performance underscores the momentum we are building as we begin our journey as a listed 
company. Let me take you through the consolidated results for the first half of September 
2025. During the half year, our revenues increased by about 5.1% year -on-year basis to 
Rs.793 Crores from Rs.750 Crores in the previous corresponding period. H1 FY2026 
EBITDA without other income grew by 19% to Rs. 34 Crores. The EBITDA margin 
increased to 4.3% an improvement of 50 basis points. PA T grew nearly 30% to Rs. 23 
Crores with a PAT margin increase to 2.8% while EPS grew 29% to Rs.1.41. Growth was 
driven by improved product mix, higher capacity utilization and operating leverage , 
disciplined procurement and manufacturing productivity and timely pass -through pricing 
actions and input cost movements. The key message here is that our profitability growth has 
significantly outpaced revenue growth.  
[page 6]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 For context, let me also take our three  years track records. Looking at our three -year track 
record from FY2023 to 2025, our revenue CAGR grew by 21.23% , EBITDA CAGR grew 
by 33.86% and PAT CAGR at 37.86%. Net worth has compounded at 28.91%. This 
consistent track record demonstrates the strength of our business model and execution 
capabilities.  
 Now I come to our IPO proceeds utilization. On IPO proceeds, as committed we are 
prudently deploying the fresh issue funds our IPO raised Rs.274 Crores, Rs. 140 Crores is 
allocated for capital expenditure at A LCU Industries ; this will nearly double our capacity to 
37,680 metric tons and enable new product lines. The expansion is progressing as planned. 
Rs.100 Crores is for repayment of borrowings. This will reduce leverage, lower finance cost 
and improve our debt equity ratio. These steps have reinforced our financial positions and 
enabled margin accepted growth. Thank you and over to moderator.  
Moderator : Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question -and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from 
the participant tab on your screen. We  will wait for the question queue to assemble.  We 
have our first question coming in from  Mihir Manohar from Trust Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead with your question.  
Mihir Manohar: Thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on the listing. I ha ve a couple of 
questions. First thing is on the expansion, capacity expansion that we were looking in. What 
is the status on the civil construction side or in the machinery order? So basically, when 
should we see the capacity coming on stream? Will it be phases or will it be once in full go? 
That was the first question. The second question was on the new products that we are 
entering. So we are expanding the category from 12 products to 20 products. So this 
expansion which is happening into the newer products, do we have the requisite approvals, 
having certifications, customer approvals for them? And will these new products be margin 
accretive? Yes, those are the things that I wanted to understand.  
Shailesh Rathi: Good morning. Good question. So basically, our construction is in full phase now. So we 
have probably completed more than 75% to 80 % of our construction and we believe in the 
last quarter, we will start our operations very soon. And this of course, will be in the phases, 
because I believe we are adding six to seven new product categories. So, it will definitely 
come in phases. About the margins, yes, of course, these are all aligned towards the new 
energy products. So we believe that the margins will be improving once these products are 
operational. And about the customer approvals, here, majority of our customers would be 
quite common, like whatever we are having currently with Vidya Wires. Almost majority of 
the customers would be common. Yes, there would be, of course, a new customer addition 
[page 7]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
will also be taking place. And whatever are the required approvals, time and again, 
company will definitely get those approvals as well.  
Mihir Manohar: Is it not the case that we require a separate testing or a separate approval for CTC than for 
aluminum exposed conductor? How does that work?  
Shailesh Rathi: So basically for CTC, we definitely need a few approvals. Let us say when we need to 
supply to PGCIL, I mean the customers who need to supply their transformers to Power 
Grid Corporation. So there we will definitely need approval. But as of now, already we 
have a few of our products already PGCIL approved. So, I do not think we would take 
much time, number one. Number two, even there is a quite demand situation in the market 
and hence the customer themselves will push hard and get this kind of approvals for us as 
well and also the entire business is not completely based on approvals only. So it is a mix of 
all because many number of transformers goes to the electricity boards where you do not 
need all the kind of approval s. So it is kind of a mixed business. So we can definitely start 
with where the exact approval is not needed. But subsequently, we will take the approvals 
as well. 
Mihir Manohar: I understood sir and my last question was on the OCF side when I see operating cash flow 
so basically FY2025 it was muted largely of Rs.50 Crores of negative entry which was their 
increase in receivables so what did happen in FY2025 for that we saw a large number of 
receivables and when we see September versus March, the receivables are at similar level 
so how should we see the receivables going from here on and consequently the operating 
cash flows because when I do on a cumulative basis operating cash flow still comes to be 
on the lower side OCF to EBITDA. So how should we as external investors should see this 
OCF going ahead?  
Naveen Pachisia : Basically, if you see your financial year 2025, we had a receivable of 36 days, which has 
now reduced to 33 days. So we are working on reducing our working capital cycle. We are 
trying to reduce our receivable days as well as the inventory days. Going forward, we will 
be trying to keep receivable days up to 30 days and basically inventory days up to 20 days. 
So next financial year, hopefully, we'll have a positive operating cash flows.  
Mihir Manohar: Any color as to more than 90 days old, how much are the receivables in this 145?  
Naveen Pachisia : Currently, we do not have more than 90 days of receivables. So basically, all our 
receivables are within 30 to 60 days. So average is basically 36 days. So we do not have 90 
days. 
Mihir Manohar: Okay, understood. That ’s it from my side. Thank you.  
[page 8]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Moderator : Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from Aayush R. of Aditya Birla 
Money. Please go ahead with your question.  
Aayush R: Congratulations on the IPO, sir. My first question is on the copper prices. Copper has 
recently touched an all -time high of around USD 12,000. So just wanted to understand in 
such a scenario, do you see any demand pushback or delays from customers because of the 
higher prices? And does this kind of price increase lead to any margin pressure for us or are 
we largely able to pass it through the customers, with the customer?  
Shailesh Rathi: Basically, we have a completely back to back pricing model. So about the pricing pass on, it 
would be 100% whatever price increase in the LME is there will be passed on to the 
customer. So there is nothing about that. Yes, about the demand, it may little here and there, 
can go a bit here and there. But as the orders position and the demand outlook is good, we 
do not see any, basically the demand can go slow. Because ultimately, the electrification 
and whatever the growth outlook we are seeing has to continue the prices sometimes go up, 
sometimes goes down. And it was like even in last 6 months or 12 months back also, it was 
fairly anticipated that the copper prices are supposed to go up. The reason behind is that the 
demand is fabulous and the copper is in shortage, so this could be the reason for increase in 
the prices and about our margins so they are quite intact maybe the percentage here and 
there may change. But in absolute terms, we believe that our margins are quite intact, even 
if the prices of copper goes up.  
Aayush R: Got it sir, thank you. Sir, another question I had on our matrix as mentioned by our CFO as 
well that we have been competitive and in fact what I can see is better than our peers on 
most of the key metrics like PAT margins, ROE, ROCE , I actually wanted to understand 
whether which scale and as we are doubling our capacity to around 36,000 plus tonnage, 
could we see some benefit or relief on the trade payables days? The reason I ask this is that 
improved working capital efficiency could actually help us grow profits in a much faster 
way and actually translate into the ROCE and ROE in a much better manner. So if you 
could share some colour on that.  
Shailesh Rathi: You mean to say that trade payable days?  
Aayush R: Yes. 
Shailesh Rathi: So already our trade payable days are hardly three days, right? And actually, the copper 
normally is purchased on advance payment, whether we buy copper or anybody else b uy the 
copper, it is a primary metal. So it needs to be purchased on advance payment. So the peers, 
they have their own method of working. So I believe they work more on letter of credit. 
[page 9]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
And that shows the number of payable days more in their books of accounts. In our case, it 
is like three days as we work on the cash credit facilities. And on a very competitive rate of 
interest, we are able to manage our cash credit facility and this makes our payable days 
looks less. And I am happy to share that currently, we have got CRISIL A-/Positive rating. 
Aayush R: Got it sir and lastly, could you share where we are on the capacity utilization as of now?  
Shailesh Rathi: So, currently our capacity is in like on an average 90% or so we are already utilizing it and 
just like discussed in the final quarter of this year, we are planning to start the new facility 
and that would definitely add more utilization in the sense in absolute numbers , the capacity 
will actually go up.  
Aayush R: Sure, sir. Thanks a lot for answering all my questions in detail manner and all the best for 
the future.  
Shailesh Rathi: Thank you.  
Moderator : Thank you so much. Our next question is coming in from the line of Dhruvin Doshi of NV 
Alpha Fund. Please go ahead with your question.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand, I just did a back calculation and 
got to know that our ASP per kg, average selling price per kg has been around say 800 
levels, 815 in FY2022 to now 936 in FY2025. And so you can correct me if I am wrong. 
This is just my calculation. So that varied around, say, 816, 820, 830 across FY2022, 2023 
and 2024, when the copper prices fell significantly post FY2022. And there was a lot of 
fluctuation in copper prices as well. So just where I am coming from is that, sir, is it that the 
large part of the revenue growth would be led not only by the volume growth but also the 
growth in like base copper prices and how that can impact the margin say in the longer run 
though we hedge it fully, but say having a higher ASP will lead to a higher revenue. And in 
that sense, our fixed cost, the operating expenses would not increase as much. So just 
wanted to understand on that bit, how that can benefit us, the copper pricing part and the 
aluminium  pricing part. 
Shailesh Rathi: Yes sir, last three years, we have been seeing it is a mix of both. Basically, the copper prices 
have also been going up. And also our capacity is almost last two years, we are more or less 
90% utilization capacity. And this is why our expansion plan, we started to go for an 18,000 
ton new capacity with new product categories. So the prices whatever has gone up is also 
adding to the revenue, the cost more or less would not add up in the sense that if the copper 
prices goes up, the other cost factors would more or less remain same. So I would say the 
[page 10]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
revenue will go up as well as once we are operational with the new capacity, still it will add 
more to our revenue. So in both way, the revenue has to go up.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Understood sir, got it, so I guess that gives us a natural operating leverage with the copper 
prices remaining firm.  
Shailesh Rathi: And just to add to it ours is a completely back -to-back model so it really does not affect like 
it is completely hedged as you asked me so whenever there is any copper requirement of 
any customer, he has to first give an intention to buy an exact quantity a t an unknown LME. 
So, the same unknown LME we book with our suppliers. So, it is entirely hedged, even the 
exchange rate is hedged on the RBI with the customer and with the supplier. So, not on 
LME as well as the exchange is any hit to our books of account.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Got it, sir. That is good to know.  
Shailesh Rathi: And looking to the growth outlook, definitely the capacity utilization will be still further 
better. 
Dhruvin Doshi: Got it, sir. By when will the capacities be fully commissioned, you mentioned?  
Shailesh Rathi: Also, probably we are looking in the last quarter. So maybe somewhere close to January 
end or in February, we are looking very closely to start the operations. And in a phased 
manner, maybe another four or five months, the entire capacity will be operational.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Got it, sir. So any flavour  on exports? How are we planning to target that? And maybe are 
we trying to increase the share of exports as a part of the revenue , percentage of revenue?  
Shailesh Rathi: Currently, we have seen last two years domestic market has been also very favourable  and 
very positive. So our export share has been normally in the tune of 13% to 18% on year -to-
year. Currently, it is like we are 86% of domestic and 14% of exports. With the new 
expansion and all, we are looking that we should be in the coming time approximately, we 
should be able to in the range of 22% to 25% of export market. This we are looking for. So 
because the products are well suited to the domestic market and also for the export market. 
So we are very confident that in the coming time, the export revenue will also go up.  
Dhruvin Doshi: So just wanted to understand the export market a bit more like which are our target 
geographies? And who are the competitors globally? Is China present in a big way? Just 
wanted to get some sense on the export market for us.  
[page 11]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Shailesh Rathi: So basically, we are currently exporting to more than 18 countries. And in last few years, I 
would say we have already exported to more than 25 plus countries. And our market 
geography wise, we can say North America, I mean, USA and Canada , w e are also 
exporting to Mexico , we are doing to the Middle East, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, UAE. Then 
we are also exporting to Europe like Turkey and France. Besides this, we are also exporting 
to Australia. So these are the few countries where the company is exporting and we 
definitely as I discussed, the growth outlook is better in the export market because the 
growth is actually we see that the GDP and all in the, what we call, outside country is less. 
But if we see the electrical segment and the kind of expansion coming in country to country 
in the renewables, etc. So we see the growth is also there. So definitely, we will pull our 
exports.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Right sir, who would be competing with say India , as such? Is China competition Thailand? 
Shailesh Rathi: China, basically, yes, they are exporting to few markets. But very frankly speaking, India is 
quite competitive in at least in our products. So we do not see major competition from them 
as well. Certain markets , we do see Turkey as another competitor maybe in few places we 
have China. We have few exporters from India as well. So I would say, it is a mix of all, but 
we are fairly competitive in this market.  
Dhruvin Doshi: Got it, sir. That is it from my end. Thank you.  
Moderator : Thank you so much. Our next question is coming in from the line of Parth Mandavgane  of 
IDBI Capital. Please go ahead with your question.  
Parth Mandavgane : Hello Sir, t hanks for the opportunity. Could you help me in the quarterly volume growth 
numbers as such?  
Naveen Pachisia : So volume basically, quarter -on-quarter, we have not done, working on it, but currently as 
you can see a revenue growth that is around 5%. So volume is fairly more or less at the rate 
of 90%. So, but we have not exactly worked out what is the actual volume growth.  
Parth Mandavgane : And also could you help me with maybe the volume outlooks for FY2027, FY2028, if 
possible.  
Shailesh Rathi: Currently our capacity is let us say 19,000 metric tons and almost at 90% of operation we 
are there. So, the next year we see that new capacity will come up and we are looking 
around 55% to 60% of that capacity should be able to utilize. So, you can figure it out. It 
would be somewhere close to approximately 26000 to 27000 tons of copper and aluminium  
put together. . 
[page 12]
    Vidya Wires Limited  
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Parth Mandavgane : Okay, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator : Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, please click on the raise hand icon from the 
participants tab if you wish to ask a question. We will wait for the question queue to 
assemble. As there are no further questions, I will now hand it over back to the management 
for closing remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Shailesh Rathi: Thank you, everyone and thanks to IDBI Capital for hosting us. We look forward to see you 
next time. Thanks so much. Thanks for everyone's participation. It was really, we are happy 
to be a part of this journey. Thank you.  
Ajit Sahu: On behalf of IDBI Capital and Market Securities, that concludes today's conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you can now click on the leave icon to exit the meeting. 
Thank you for your participation.  
 
 