[page 1]
1 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
July 04, 2025  
 
Facilities/Instruments 
Amount (₹ crore) 
Rating1 
Rating Action 
Long-term bank facilities 
200.00 
CARE A+; Stable 
Reaffirmed 
Short-term bank facilities 
500.00 
CARE A1+ 
Reaffirmed 
Details of instruments/facilities in Annexure-1. 
 
Rationale and key rating drivers 
Reaffirmation of ratings assigned to bank facilities of IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited (IOLCPL) continue to derive 
strength from experienced promoters and management team, long track record of operations of over three decades with 
diversified product portfolio and well-established market position in its key product, Ibuprofen. Ratings also continue to take 
comfort from integrated operations resulting favourable overall cost structure. CARE Ratings Limited (CareEdge Ratings) believes 
IOLCPL’s competitive advantage in manufacturing Ibuprofen is expected to sustain in the medium term, as the company is one 
of the major global players and is backward integrated in raw material required for manufacturing Ibuprofen. Ratings further 
continue to derive comfort from strong financial risk profile characterised by healthy net worth base, continuation of nil term debt 
and strong liquidity position and continued thrust of the company on diversification in active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) 
segment.  
However, ratings continue to remain constrained by higher product concentration of two key products, Ibuprofen and Ethyl 
Acetate deriving ~72% (PY: 72%) total revenue in FY25. Ratings are further constrained by operating margin susceptibility to 
raw material price volatility, especially in chemical segment. Ratings also take cognisance of the slight moderation total operating 
income (TOI) and profitability in FY25 (refers to April 01 to March 31) largely considering volatility in finished goods prices in both 
pharma and chemical segment. 
  
Rating sensitivities: Factors likely to lead to rating actions 
Positive factors 
• 
Improving operating performance, resulting in growth of over 15% in total operating income (TOI) and sustained earnings 
before interest, taxation, depreciation, and amortisation (EBIDTA) margin of over 20%. 
• 
Diversifying product portfolio and reducing dependency on its main product Ibuprofen and ethyl acetate to below 65% in the 
overall revenue. 
• 
Improving total debt to gross cash accruals (TD/GCA) to below 1.20x.  
 
Negative factors  
• 
Significantly declining TOI by over 20% year-over-year (y-o-y). 
• 
Reducing profit before interest, lease rentals, depreciation and taxation (PBILDT)  margin below 10% on a sustained basis, 
impacting its credit profile.  
• 
Debt funded capex/acquisition, adversely impacting capital structure with overall gearing of over 0.50x. 
 
Analytical approach: Standalone 
 
Outlook: Stable 
The Stable outlook reflects CareEdge Ratings opinion that the company will continue to benefit from established market position 
in its key products, integrated operations, experienced promoters and management team. 
Detailed description of key rating drivers: 
 
Key strengths  
 
Established market position and diversified product offering 
The company was incorporated in 1986 with the commencement of business in chemical segment. In 2000, the company started 
production of Ibuprofen. IOLCPL is one of the largest manufacturers of Ibuprofen with significant global share and the company 
 
1Complete definition of ratings assigned are available at www.careratings.com and other CARE Ratings Limited’s publications.  

[page 2]
2 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
is backward integrated for manufacturing Ibuprofen. IOLCPL has a market presence across over 50 countries with sales 
contribution from exports forming ~26.7% total sales in FY25 (PY: 27.8%). The company’s overseas customers are majorly across 
Spain, Switzerland, Bangladesh, Brazil, Indonesia, UAE, Thailand, Hungary and United Kingdom, among others. The company is 
one of the largest manufacturers of Ibuprofen (capacity of 12000 MTPA) and has the second largest manufacturing capacity 
(12000 MTPA) for Iso Butyl Benzene (key raw material for Ibuprofen). Its Ibuprofen has recently received approval in China as 
well, though expected to take time to mature business, will be a major boost for the company’s performance in the medium term 
considering the volatility in international markets post the US tariffs. The company also manufactures other APIs, including 
Paracetamol, Pantoprazole, Metformin, Clopidogrel, Fenofibrate, Lamotrigine and Gabapentin. The company also operates in the 
chemical segment and manufactures chemicals such as Ethyl Acetate, Acetyl Chloride, Acetic Anhydride and Mono Chloro Acetic 
Acid. Output from chemical segment is used both for captive consumption in manufacturing other products, and for external sale. 
At the end of FY25, the company has successfully expanded its manufacturing capacity for Paracetamol from 3,600 MTPA to 
10,800 MTPA, and for Clopidogrel, from 180 MTPA to 240 MTPA. As of now the company’s revenue share from non-Ibuprofen 
pharma products is ~20-25%, and target is for this ratio to reach closer to 35% in the next 2-3 years. The company is continuously 
researching on new APIs, with R&D expenditure amounting to ₹21.02 crore in FY25, against ₹19.33 crore in FY24. 
Healthy financial risk profile despite moderation in TOI and margins 
The company continues to have a healthy financial risk profile characterised by strong net worth base of ₹1675.07 crore (PY: 
₹1599.76 crore) and comfortable overall gearing of 0.24x (PY: 0.23x) as on March 31, 2025. TD/PBILDT and TD/GCA stood at 
1.87x and 2.13x, respectively, as on March 31, 2025, against 1.52x and 1.79x, respectively, as on March 31, 2024, showing 
moderation primarily considering higher outstanding working capital limits, at ₹117.04 crore as on March 31, 2025, against ₹32.76 
crore as on March 31, 2024. The company’s financial risk profile is expected to remain healthy in the medium term as entire capex 
planned in the next three years is projected to be funded from internal accruals.  
Operationally, the company’s TOI moderated marginally by ~2.7% to ₹2,087.55 crore in FY25 from ₹2,145.87 crore in FY24 
mainly due to decline in selling prices even though sales volume of major products Ibuprofen and Ethyl Acetate increased in FY25. 
Consequently, the PBILDT and profit after taxes (PAT) margins also moderated. However, improvement was seen in Q4-FY25 in 
TOI and profitability, which is expected to sustain in the near-to-medium term. 
Revenue from chemical segment declined by ~5.3%, while the pharma segment declined by ~4.0% in FY25, with overall revenue 
share being 59% from pharma and 41% from chemical segments in FY25. In the pharma segment, major revenue generating 
products are Ibuprofen, Metformin and Paracetamol, while in chemical segment, major revenue generating product is Ethyl 
Acetate and Acetic Anhydride.  
Integrated manufacturing facilities  
IOLCPL has an integrated manufacturing facility for chemicals and APIs. Backward integrated plants add to the company’s 
strength, as major raw materials for Ibuprofen, which include Iso Butyl Benzene, Acetyl Chloride and Mono Chloro Acetic Acid are 
produced in house. The company also has a 17 MW co-generation captive power plant, which produces steam and power. This 
gives IOLCPL the advantage of lower power-related expenses. In addition, steam produced from the plant is used in manufacturing 
most key starting materials (KSM) of APIs in-house. 
Key weaknesses 
 
Concentrated revenue stream  
IOLCPL derived ~72% (PY: 72%) total revenue in FY25 from the sale of two products Ibuprofen (~36% total sales) and Ethyl 
Acetate (~36% total sales), which exposes the company to revenue concentration risk. Although this has been gradually reducing 
year-over-year (y-o-y) considering continuous introduction of new products in API business. The company has been diversifying 
its product portfolio in the last few years by manufacturing new APIs which include Metformin, Clopidogrel, Fenofibrate, 
Pantoprazole and Paracetamol, among others. Pharma segment contributed 59% to the company’s revenue in FY25 and this ratio 
is expected to further increase 
Raw material and price volatility risk  
Raw materials consumed remain a major cost driver for IOLCPL. It procures majority raw material from China in the chemical 
segment. These prices are volatile and have fluctuated in the past. Prices of Ethyl acetate and raw material required, which is 
acetic acid, has shown a volatile trend in the last few years, which exposes the company to price volatility risk, which may impact 
margins as Ethyl Acetate is one of the major contributors in its overall revenue. In the API business, the company procures 
majority raw material from the domestic market, prices and input cost of which, has been volatile in the last year. Though the 
company passes on rise in raw material price to customers, but it is with a lag, since, for instance, in the chemical business, once 
the company places the order for the raw material, it takes two months for it to get delivered and utilised for production in its 
facility.  

[page 3]
3 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Regulatory risk  
The pharmaceutical industry is highly regulated in many countries and requires approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions 
for business activities with scrutinies by agencies such as US FDA and EU GMP for exports in the respective markets. Delays or 
failures in getting approval for new product launch could adversely affect the company’s business prospects. However, the 
company’s manufacturing facility of Ibuprofen has been approved by the USFDA in FY20 and recently from the Centre for Drug 
Evaluation (CDE) of the National Medical Products Administration (NMPA), China in April 2025. The company has also received 
approvals from pollution control board to ensure regulatory requirements against air and water pollution. IOLCPL’s products are 
not covered under Drug Price Control Order (DPCO). 
 
Liquidity: Strong  
The company’s liquidity profile is strong with average fund based working capital utilisation of ~55% for 12-months ending April 
2025, leaving sufficient buffer in working capital lines. The company had an operating cycle of 78 days as on March 31, 2025 (PY: 
82 days). The collection period is at 86 days (PY: 83 days), while average creditor period comes at 86 days (PY: 74 days) as on 
March 31, 2025. The company had healthy free cash and cash equivalents of ₹165 crore as on March 31, 2025, including free 
FDRs of ₹88 crores. Current ratio stood at 1.82x (PY: 2.05x) as on March 31, 2025. The company has no term debt obligations 
against a healthy GCA projected at ₹216.73 crore in FY26. 
 
Environment, social, and governance (ESG) risks    
Risk factors  
Compliance and action by the company  
Environmental  
1. The company has been focusing to minimise adverse impact on environment, health, and safety 
by upgrading technology, optimum utilisation of resources and minimising effluent/waste 
generation.  
2. The company has been complying with applicable statutory and legal requirements and providing 
safe working environment/workplace by imparting training to all employees.  
3. The company has initiated using biofuels in its captive co-generation plant (17MW capacity) to 
reduce its carbon footprint. 
4. The company has installed a Continuous Air Quality Monitoring System (CAQMS) to monitor real 
time concentration of all key pollutants in ambient air. 
5. Implementation of emission reduction initiatives have resulted in reduction of Scope-01 Green 
House Gas (GHG) emissions by 4.58% in the FY 2022-23 and 3.91% reduction in Scope 1 + 2 
emissions against baseline emissions in the FY 2023-24. 
Social  
1. The company is committed towards making a difference in the lives of communities surrounding 
its operations through CSR efforts. 
2. The company has constructed and renovated schools and provided technical equipment for smart 
education. 
3. The company did plantation in villages for restoring the environment. 
4. The company provided primary healthcare including sanitation and community development by 
providing computers to schools. 
Governance  
1. The company has put in place a sound and well-structured corporate governance framework to 
operate more efficiently and ensure that best interests of its stakeholders are always upheld. Its 
Board and its committees, together with a strong executive leadership, helps it maintain highest 
standards of transparency, accountability, and awareness in its operations.  
 
Applicable criteria 
Definition of Default 
Liquidity Analysis of Non-financial sector entities 
Rating Outlook and Rating Watch 
Manufacturing Companies 
Pharmaceuticals 
Financial Ratios – Non financial Sector 
Short Term Instruments 
 
 
 

[page 4]
4 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
About the company and industry 
Industry classification 
Macroeconomic indicator 
Sector 
Industry 
Basic industry 
Healthcare 
Healthcare  
Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology  
Pharmaceuticals  
 
IOLCPL was incorporated as a public limited company on September 29, 1986, by Varinder Gupta and Rajinder Gupta to setup 
acetic acid manufacturing facility. IOLCPL’s manufacturing facility is at Barnala, Punjab, having total blended capacity of 1,80,222 
metric tonne per annum (MTPA) as on March 31, 2025. IOLCPL is involved in manufacturing Chemicals (Ethyl Acetate, Acetyl 
Chloride, And Iso-Butyl Benzene) And Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (Ibuprofen, Metformin, And Paracetamol).  
 
Brief Financials (₹ crore) 
March 31, 2024 (A) 
March 31, 2025 (A) 
Total operating income 
2,145.87 
2,087.55 
PBILDT 
244.64 
210.69 
PAT 
135.42 
101.00 
Overall gearing (times) 
0.23 
0.24 
Interest coverage (times) 
15.20 
14.27 
A: Audited; Note: these are latest available financial results 
Status of non-cooperation with previous CRA: Not applicable  
 
Any other information: Not applicable  
 
Rating history for last three years: Annexure-2 
 
Detailed explanation of covenants of rated instrument / facility: Annexure-3 
 
Complexity level of instruments rated: Annexure-4 
 
Lender details: Annexure-5 
 
Annexure-1: Details of instruments/facilities   
Name of the 
Instrument 
ISIN 
Date of 
Issuance 
(DD-MM-
YYYY) 
Coupon 
Rate (%) 
Maturity 
Date (DD-
MM-YYYY) 
Size of the 
Issue 
(₹ crore) 
Rating 
Assigned and 
Rating 
Outlook 
Fund-based - 
LT-Working 
Capital Limits 
 
- 
- 
- 
200.00 
CARE A+; 
Stable 
Non-fund-
based - ST-
BG/LC 
 
- 
- 
- 
500.00 
CARE A1+ 
 
 
 
 

[page 5]
5 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Annexure-2: Rating history for last three years 
Sr. No. 
Name of the 
Instrument/Bank 
Facilities 
Current Ratings  
Rating History 
Type  
Amount 
Outstanding 
(₹ crore)  
Rating  
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2025-
2026 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2024-
2025 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2023-
2024 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2022-
2023 
1 
Non-fund-based - 
ST-BG/LC 
ST 
500.00 
CARE 
A1+ 
- 
1)CARE 
A1+  
(05-Nov-
24) 
 
2)CARE 
A1+  
(28-Jun-
24) 
1)CARE 
A1+  
(30-Jun-
23) 
1)CARE 
A1+  
(04-Jul-
22) 
2 
Fund-based - LT-
Working Capital 
Limits 
LT 
200.00 
CARE 
A+; 
Stable 
- 
1)CARE 
A+; Stable  
(05-Nov-
24) 
 
2)CARE 
A+; Stable  
(28-Jun-
24) 
1)CARE 
A+; Stable  
(30-Jun-
23) 
1)CARE 
A+; Stable  
(04-Jul-
22) 
LT: Long term; ST: Short term  
 
Annexure-3: Detailed explanation of covenants of rated instruments/facilities: Not applicable  
Annexure-4: Complexity level of instruments rated 
Sr. No. 
Name of the Instrument 
Complexity Level 
1 
Fund-based - LT-Working Capital Limits 
Simple 
2 
Non-fund-based - ST-BG/LC 
Simple 
 
Annexure-5: Lender details 
To view lender-wise details of bank facilities please click here 
 
Note on complexity levels of rated instruments: CareEdge Ratings has classified instruments rated by it based on 
complexity. Investors/market intermediaries/regulators or others are welcome to write to care@careedge.in for clarifications. 
 
 
 
 

[page 6]
6 
CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Contact us 
 
Media Contact   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mradul Mishra 
Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: +91-22-6754 3596 
E-mail: mradul.mishra@careedge.in 
 
Relationship Contact  
 
Saikat Roy 
Senior Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: +91-22-6754 3404 
E-mail: saikat.roy@careedge.in 
 
 
 
 
Analytical Contacts 
 
Puneet Kansal 
Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: +91-12-0445 2018 
E-mail: puneet.kansal@careedge.in 
 
Akhil Kumar 
Associate Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: +91-12-0445 1986 
E-mail: akhil.kumar@careedge.in 
 
Nikhil Sachdeva 
Lead Analyst 
CARE Ratings Limited 
E-mail: Nikhil.sachdeva@careedge.in 
 
 
About us:  
Established in 1993, CareEdge Ratings is one of the leading credit rating agencies in India. Registered under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, it has been acknowledged as an External Credit Assessment Institution by the Reserve Bank of India. 
With an equitable position in the Indian capital market, CareEdge Ratings provides a wide array of credit rating services that help 
corporates raise capital and enable investors to make informed decisions. With an established track record of rating companies 
over almost three decades, CareEdge Ratings follows a robust and transparent rating process that leverages its domain and 
analytical expertise, backed by the methodologies congruent with the international best practices. CareEdge Ratings has played 
a pivotal role in developing bank debt and capital market instruments, including commercial papers, corporate bonds and 
debentures, and structured credit. For more information: www.careratings.com 
 
Disclaimer: 
This disclaimer pertains to the ratings issued and content published by CARE Ratings Limited (“CareEdge Ratings”). Ratings are opinions on the likelihood of timely 
payment of the obligations under the rated instrument and are not recommendations to sanction, renew, disburse, or recall the concerned bank facilities or to buy, 
sell, or hold any security. Any opinions expressed herein are in good faith and are subject to change without notice. The rating reflects the opinions as on the date of 
the rating. A rating does not convey suitability or price for the investor. The rating agency does not conduct an audit on the rated entity or an independent verification 
of any information it receives and/or relies on for the rating exercise. CareEdge Ratings has based its ratings/outlook on the information obtained from reliable and 
credible sources. CareEdge Ratings does not, however, guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors 
or omissions and the results obtained from the use of such information. The users of the rating should rely on their own judgment and may take professional advice 
while using the rating in any way. CareEdge Ratings shall not be liable for any losses that user may incur or any financial liability whatsoever to the user of the rating. 
The use or access of the rating does not create a client relationship between CareEdge Ratings and the user. 
CAREEDGE RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAWS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR-FREE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERRUPTION, 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE. 
Most entities whose bank facilities/instruments are rated by CareEdge Ratings have paid a credit rating fee, based on the amount and type of bank facilities/instruments. 
CareEdge Ratings or its subsidiaries/associates may also be involved with other commercial transactions with the entity. CareEdge Ratings does not act as a fiduciary 
by providing the rating. The ratings are intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. The ratings of CareEdge Ratings do not factor in any rating-related trigger 
clauses as per the terms of the facilities/instruments, which may involve acceleration of payments in case of rating downgrades. However, if any such clauses are 
introduced and triggered, the ratings may see volatility and sharp downgrades. CareEdge Ratings has established policies and procedures as required under applicable 
laws and regulations which are available on its website. 
 
Privacy Policy applies. For Privacy Policy please refer to https://www.careratings.com/privacy_policy 
 
© 2025, CARE Ratings Limited. All Rights Reserved.  
This content is being published for the purpose of dissemination of information. Any use or reference to the contents herein on an “as-is” basis is permitted with due 
acknowledgement to CARE Ratings. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except with prior written consent from CARE Ratings. 
 
For detailed Rating Report and subscription information,  
please visit www.careratings.com 
