[page 1]
Regd. Ofﬁce : Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. Mohali, Punjab (India) 
Tel. : +91 (1762) 275249, 275872, 275173 Fax : +91 (1762) 275228 
Email : hrdho@sswlindia.com Website : www.sswlindia.com 
 
 
 
Date: 05.09.2025 
 
To,  
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 BSE Code: 513262 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Code : SSWL 
Subject: Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 and Notice of 39th Annual 
General Meeting (AGM) of the Company 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find herewith Notice of 39th 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 
2024-25. 
 
The Annual Report containing Notice of the AGM is also available on the website of the 
Company at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/annual-report-
2024-25.pdf. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 36(1)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is also sending a letter to those 
shareholders whose email addresses are not registered with Company/ the Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent of the Company / their respective Depository Participants, providing 
them the web link, including the exact path for accessing the Company’s Annual Report and 
Notice of AGM. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
 
Kanika Sapra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A56875 
Encl: as above 


[page 2]
2024-25

[page 3]
Notice 1
Board’s Report 20
Secretarial Auditors' Report 34
Corporate Governance Report 48
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report 80
Management Discussion & Analysis 115
Standalone Financial Statements 123
Consolidated Financial Statements 175
Village Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,
District S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali) Punjab-140506
i. Village Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,
District S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali) Punjab-140506
ii. Plot No. A-10, SIPCOT, Industrial Growth Centre,
Oragadam, Vallam Village, Sriperumbudur,
District Kancheepuram, Tamil Nadu-602105
iii. Plot No. 733, 734, 735, 747
Mouza Jojobera, P.O. & P.S. Chhota Govindpur,
East Singhbhum District Jamshedpur, Jharkhand-831015
iv. Plot No. 77, 78, 136B, 394,
Village - Martoli/Tejpura, Taluka - Jotana,
District - Mehsana, Gujarat, India-384430
v. Village - Muria, P. O. Kolabira Thana No. 150
District Seraikela - Kharsawan, Jharkhand-833220
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2,
LSC Near Savitri Market, C-1 Block, Janakpuri,
New Delhi-110058
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, Chairman, Non-Executive Director
Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director, Executive Director
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Dy. Managing Director, Executive Director
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non- Independent Non-Executive Director
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, Nominee Director of Tata Steel Ltd.
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy, Independent Director
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director
Ms. Kanika Sapra
HDFC Bank Ltd.
Export-Import Bank of India
Federal Bank Ltd.
Yes Bank Ltd.
ICICI Bank Ltd.
IDFC First Bank Ltd.
Punjab National Bank
CTBC Bank Co. Limited
The South Indian Bank Ltd.
RBL Bank Ltd.
Kookmin Bank
Shinhan Bank
Emirates NBD Bank
Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Company Secretary
Proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates
#5441, Sector 38 (West), Chandigarh-160014
Information

[page 4]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
1
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
(CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159)
Registered Office:  Village Somalheri/Lehli P .O. Dappar,
Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar Mohali, Punjab-140506
Phone: +91- 172-2793112 Fax: +91-172-2794834
Email: ssl_ssg@glide.net.in Website: www.sswlindia.com
NOTICE
(Pursuant to Section 101 of the Comp anies Act, 2013)
Notice is hereby given that the 39th (Thirty-Ninth) Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of S teel S trips Wheels Limited (“the
Company”) will be held on Tuesday, the 30th day of September, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) at the Registered Of fice of the Comp any situated
at Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar, Mohali, Punjab-140506, to transact the following business(es):
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. Receive, Consider and Adopt the:
a) Audited Standalone Financial S tatements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025 and the Report s of
the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon; and
b) Audited Consolidated Financial S tatements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025 and the Report of
Auditors’ thereon
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution :
“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone Financial S tatements of the Comp any for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025, the
Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon, as circulated to the Members and laid before the meeting, be and are hereby
received, considered and adopted.
RESOLVED FURTHER THA T the Audited Consolidated Financial S tatements of the Comp any for the financial year ended 31 st March,
2025 and the Report of Auditors’ thereon, as circulated to the Members and laid before the meeting, be and are hereby received,
considered and adopted.”
2. Declaration of Final Dividend on equity shares of the Comp any for the financial year 2024-25
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Comp any, a final dividend of Rs. 1.25 per equity
share (i.e. at the rate of 125%) on the fully p aid up equity shares of face value of Rs. 1/- each of the Comp any, be declared for the
financial year ended 31 st March, 2025 and be paid out of the profit s of the Company for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025 to the
eligible equity shareholders as on the record date fixed for the purpose of giving of dividend.”
3. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), who retires by rot ation and being eligible,
offers himself for re-appointment
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THA T pursuant to the Section 152(6) and other applicable provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013, and Rules made
thereunder (including any statutory modifications(s) and/or re-enactments(s) thereof for the time being in force) and Articles of Association
of the comp any, Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), who retires by rot ation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible,
offers himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Comp any.”
4. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591), who retires by rot ation and being eligible, offers
himself for re-appointment
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THA T pursuant to the Section 152(6) and other applicable provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013, and Rules made
thereunder (including any statutory modifications(s) and/or re-enactments(s) thereof for the time being in force) and Articles of Association
of the company, Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591), who retires by rot ation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible, of fers
himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Comp any.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5. Continuation of Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution :
“RESOL VED THAT pursuant to Regulation 17 (1A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015} and the applicable provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013 (“the
Act”) and Rules made thereunder (including any st atutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), and
based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Comp any, the

[page 5]
2
consent of the members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded for the continuation of the Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg
(DIN: 00034827) as Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Comp any (presently aged 82 years ) till the date he retires by rot ation
in terms of Section 152 of the Act.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee thereof) and/or any person authorized by
the Board of Directors of the Comp any be and is hereby authorized to t ake all such step s and to do all such act s, deeds, matters and
things as may be considered necessary, proper, incidental and expedient in this connection including seeking all necessary approvals to
give effect to this resolution and to settle any questions, dif ficulties or doubt s that may arise in this regard.”
6. Re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent Director of the Comp any
To consider and if thought fit, to p ass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any ,
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with Comp anies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation
25(2A) and other applicable provisions, if any , of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015) (including any st atutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof,
for the time being in force) and based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of
Directors of the Comp any, Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820), who was appointed as an Independent Director of the Comp any at
35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 30.09.2021 for the period commencing from 09.1 1.2020 to 30.09.2025 and whose first term
of office is coming to an end on 30.09.2025 and who being eligible for re-appointment as an Independent Director has submitted a
declaration that he meet s the criteria of Independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015 and in respect of whom the Comp any has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the Act
proposing his candidature for the of fice of Director, be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Comp any, not liable
to retire by rot ation, to hold of fice for a second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2025 to 30.09.2030.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee thereof) and/or any person authorized by
the Board of Directors of the Comp any be and is hereby authorized to t ake all such step s and to do all such act s, deeds, matters and
things as may be considered necessary, proper, incidental and expedient in this connection including seeking all necessary approvals to
give effect to this resolution and to settle any questions, dif ficulties or doubt s that may arise in this regard.”
7. Appointment of Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secretary (Membership No. FCS 4241 and Certificate of Practice
No. 3582) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates as Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any
To consider and, if thought fit, to p ass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution :
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the Regulation 24A and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015) and the provisions of Section
204 and other applicable provisions, if any , of the Comp anies Act, 2013 read with the Comp anies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any st atutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and
based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the comp any, Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing
Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS 4241, Certificate of Practice No. 3582 and Peer Review Certificate no.: 1057/2021) proprietor
of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates, be and is hereby appointed as Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any, to hold of fice for a term of five (5)
consecutive years from the conclusion of this 39 th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 44 th Annual General Meeting of the
Company to be held in the year 2030, covering the period commencing from the April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030, on such annual
remuneration plus applicable t axes, out of pocket expenses, travelling expenses, etc; as recommended by the Audit Committee and as
may be mutually agreed between the Board of Directors of the Comp any and the Secret arial Auditor, from time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee thereof) and/or any person authorized by
the Board of Directors of the Comp any be and is hereby authorized to t ake all such step s and to do all such act s, deeds, matters and
things as may be considered necessary, proper, incidental and expedient in this connection including seeking all necessary approvals to
give effect to this resolution and to settle any questions, dif ficulties or doubt s that may arise in this regard.”
By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place:Chandigarh  Kanika Sapra
Date: 01.08.2025  Company Secretary
Membership No. ACS 56875
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory S tatement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with relevant rules
made thereunder, and Secret arial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) concerning the business with respect to Item No(s). 5 to 7 of
this Notice, is annexed hereto. Further , relevant information pursuant to Regulation 36 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015”} and SS-2, is also annexed to
this Notice.

[page 6]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
3
2. PURSUANT T O THE PROVISIONS OF THE ACT, A MEMBER ENTITLED T O ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE AGM IS ENTITLED T O
APPOINT A PROXY TO ATTEND AND VOTE ON A POLL INSTEAD OF HIMSELF/HERSELF AND THE PROXY  SO APPOINTED
NEED NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE COMPANY. THE INSTRUMENT OF PROXY IN ORDER TO BE EFFECTIVE, MUST BE DEPOSITED
AT THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY, DULY COMPLETED AND SIGNED, NOT LESS THAN 48 HOURS BEFORE THE
COMMENCEMENT OF THE AGM. A PROXY FORM FOR THE AGM IS ENCLOSED.
A PERSON CAN ACT AS A PROXY ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS NOT EXCEEDING FIFTY AND HOLDING IN THE AGGREGATE
NOT MORE THAN TEN PERCENT OF THE TOTAL SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY CARRYING VOTING RIGHTS. A MEMBER
HOLDING MORE THAN TEN PERCENT OF THE T OTAL SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY CARRYING VOTING RIGHTS MA Y
APPOINT A SINGLE PERSON AS PROXY AND SUCH PERSON SHALL  NOT ACT AS A PROXY FOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR
SHAREHOLDER.
DURING THE PERIOD BEGINNING 24 HOURS BEFORE THE TIME FIXED FOR THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE MEETING AND
ENDING WITH THE CONCLUSION OF THE MEETING , A MEMBER WOULD BE ENTITLED T O INSPECT THE PROXIES LODGED
AT ANY TIME DURING THE BUSINESS HOURS OF THE COMP ANY, PROVIDED THA T NOT LESS THAN THREE (3) DA YS OF
NOTICE IN WRITING OF THE INTENTION T O INSPECT IS GIVEN T O THE COMPANY.
3. Institutional/Corporate Members intending to send their authorized represent ative to attend the meeting are requested to send to the
Company, a certified true copy of the Board Resolution, pursuant to the section 1 13 of the Act, authorizing their represent ative(s) to
attend and vote on their behalf at the meeting.
4. Members / Proxies / Authorized Represent atives should bring the duly filled Attendance Slip enclosed herewith to attend the meeting.
Route map of the venue of the Meeting (including prominent land mark) is annexed to this Notice.
5. In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of the names as per the Register of
Members of the comp any as on the cut-of f date i.e. Tuesday, 23.09.2025 will be entitled to vote at the meeting.
6. Pursuant to the acquisition of Link Group by Mit subishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corporation by way of scheme of arrangement, the name
of Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Comp any i.e Link Intime India Private Limited has been changed to MUFG Intime
India Private Limited (MIIPL) with ef fect from 31.12.2024. Members may cont act MIIPL at 
delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com  for any assistance
related to the shares of the Comp any.
7. Electronic Dispatch of Notice And Annual Report :
In accordance with the amended provisions of Regulation 36(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015:
• Notice of this AGM and the Annual Report for the financial year (FY) 2024-25 are being sent ONLY through electronic mode to all
the members whose email IDs are registered with the Comp any/Depository Particip ant(s) (DP)/ MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA);
• A letter is being sent by the Comp any to those shareholder(s) who have not registered their email address(es) either with the
Company or with their respective Depository Particip ants or RTA of the Company, providing therein the web-link, including the exact
path, where complete det ails of the Annual Report including Notice of this AGM is available;
• The physical copies of Notice of this AGM and the Annual Report shall be sent only to those members who request for the same
either with Comp any or RTA of the Comp any.
Further, the Electronic copy of the Annual Report for Financial Year(FY) 2024-25 and Notice of this AGM is available on the website of:
• The Comp any at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/annual-report s/
• BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively and
• RTA at https://in.mpms.mufg.com/ .
The physical copies of the aforesaid document s will also be available at the Comp any’s Registered Of fice and Corporate Of fice for
inspection during normal business hours (9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.) (IST) on working days up to the date of this AGM.
8. Members may note that registration of email address is mandatory for receiving all communication(s) including Annual Report, Notices,
Circulars, etc. from the Comp any electronically. Thus, the members who have not registered their e-mail addresses so far are requested
to register their e-mail addresses in the following manner:
• Members holding shares in physical form can register their email address by sending KYC forms alongwith supporting document s
to the RTA of the Comp any.
• Members holding shares in demat mode may update the e-mail address through their respective Depository Particip ant(s).
9. Record Date, Book Closure and Dividend:
i. Pursuant to Section 91 of the Act the Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Comp any will remain closed from
24.09.2025 to 30.09.2025  (both days inclusive) for the purpose of AGM and for determining the names of members entitled to
dividend, if declared at this AGM.

[page 7]
4
ii. The Board of Directors of the Comp any at their meeting held on 15.05.2025 have, inter alia, approved and recommended p ayment
of a “final dividend” of Rs. 1.25 per equity share (i.e. at the rate of 125%) on the fully p aid up equity shares of face value of
Rs. 1/- each of the comp any for the financial year 2024-25, subject to approval of the members at this AGM.
iii. The final dividend, if declared at this AGM, will be p aid within a period of 30 days from the date of declaration, to those members
whose name will appear in the register of members/depository records as at the closing hours of business on 23.09.2025 (Record
Date).
iv. Pursuant to the Income-Tax Act, 1961, dividend income is taxable in the hands of the shareholders/members, therefore the company
shall be required to deduct TDS/ Withholding Tax (TDS/ WHT) at the time of p ayment of dividend as per the applicable t ax rates.
The rates of TDS/ WHT would depend upon the category and residential st atus of the shareholder as briefed hereunder:
A. Tax on Dividend to Resident Shareholders
I. Tax on dividend to Resident Individual Shareholders
a) Tax shall not be deducted on payment of dividend to Resident Individual Shareholder , if the total amount of dividend payable
during the financial year does not exceed Rs. 5,000/-.
b) Tax to be deducted on p ayment of dividend to Resident Individual shareholder , if the total amount of dividend p ayable during
the financial year exceeds Rs. 5,000/- in the following manner:
Category of shareholder Applicable Documents required to be submitted
Tax Rate
Resident individual shareholders with P AN 10% PAN to be updated with Depository Particip ant/ RTA
Resident individual shareholders without P AN / 20% NA
invalid PAN
c) Resident Individual Shareholders, desires to avail exemption from deduction of t ax on p ayment of dividend exceeding
Rs. 5,000/- during the financial year can do so in the following manner:
Category of shareholder Applicable Documents required to be submitted
Tax Rate
Resident Individual shareholders with P AN:-
a) For individuals with no t ax liability on tot al Copy of self-attested PAN & Declaration in Form 15G
income Nil
b) For individuals above the age of 60 years with Copy of self-attested PAN & Declaration in Form 15H
no tax liability on tot al income
II. Tax on dividend to Resident Non-Individual Shareholders
Tax on dividend p ayable during the financial year to Resident Non-Individual Shareholders shall be deducted as per the
following det ails:
Category of shareholder Applicable Documents required to be submitted
Tax Rate
Resident Non-Individual Shareholders with P AN 10% PAN to be updated with Depository Particip ant / RTA
Resident Non-Individual Shareholders without 20% NA
PAN / invalid PAN
However, the shareholder can avail exemption from TDS or lower rates by submission of following document s:
Category of shareholder Applicable Documents required to be submitted
Tax Rate
Mutual Fund specified under Section 10(23D) of Nil
the Income Tax Act, 1961
An Insurance Comp any exempted under Section Nil
194 of Income Tax Act, 1961
Copy of self-attested PAN & Certificate of registration
with SEBI
Declaration under Section 10(23D) of the Income Tax
Act, 1961
Copy of self-attested PAN & Certificate of registration
with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
(IRDA)/ LIC/ GIC
Declaration qualifying as Insurer as per Section 2(7A)
of the Insurance Act, 1938

[page 8]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
5
Category of shareholder Applicable Documents required to be submitted
Tax Rate
Alternate Investment Fund (AIF est ablished in Nil
India)
Other Non-Individual shareholders Nil
Shareholders who have submitted order u/s 197 As per order
of the Income Tax Act, 1961
B. Tax on Dividend to Non-Resident Shareholders
TDS/WHT on payment of dividend during the financial year to Non-Resident Shareholders shall be as follows:
Non-resident shareholders shall be t axed @ 20% plus applicable surcharge and cess on the dividend p ayable during the financial
year. They can avail beneficial rates under t ax treaty between India and their country of residence, subject to submission of
necessary document s i.e. No Permanent Est ablishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate,
Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the t ax treaty benefit s.
Format for submission of various declarations mentioned above are made available on the website of the Comp any and the
shareholders are requested to provide signed declarations to the Comp any at SCO 49-50, Sector- 26, Madhya Marg, Chandigarh,
160019 or to the RTA of the Company viz. MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd., Noble Heights 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC Near
Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi – 1 10058, Tel: 011-49411000, e-mail ID: delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com  on or before 30.09.2025
(Date of AGM).
C.  SPECIAL PROVISIONS OF SECTION 206AB OF THE INCOME T AX ACT, 1961
(For non-filers of t ax return - For resident shareholders and selected non-resident shareholders)
The provisions of Section 206AB of the Income Tax Act, 1961 prescribes for TDS in case of ‘specified person’. The term ‘specified
person’ is defined in sub-section (3) of Section 206AB and covers the persons who meet the following conditions:
• A person who has not furnished the return of income for the assessment year relevant to the previous year immediately
preceding the financial year in which t ax is required to be deducted, for which the time limit for furnishing the return of income
under sub-section (1) of section 139 has expired; and
• The aggregate of tax deducted at source and t ax collected at source in his/her case is Rs. 50,000 (Rupees Fif ty Thousand) or
more in the said previous year .
TDS is required to be deducted at higher of following rates in case of p ayments to specified persons:
• twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the Income Tax Act, 1961; or
• twice the rate or rates in force; or
• the rate of 5%
As per the provisions of newly introduced Section 206AB, the verification as required under this section will be done by the
Company from the Income Tax portal and applicable t ax will be deducted. The decision of the Comp any in this respect will be final
and for any refund of t ax, the shareholder has to file the return of income and claim t ax refund.
Members holding shares under multiple account s under different status / category and single P AN, may note that, higher of the t ax
as applicable to the status in which shares held under a PAN will be considered on their entire holding in dif ferent accounts. In case
of joint shareholding, the shareholder named first in the Register of Members is required to furnish the requisite document s for
claiming any applicable beneficial t ax rate.
Members may note that in case the t ax on said dividend is deducted at a higher rate in absence of timely receipt, or insuf ficiency/
incompleteness/incorrectness of the aforementioned det ails/documents from you, an option is available to you to file the return of
income as per the Income Tax Act, 1961 and claim an appropriate refund, if eligible.
No claim shall lie agains t the Company for such t ax deductions.
Copy of self-attested P AN & registration certificates
for either Category I or Category II AIF as per SEBI
Regulations
Declaration under Section 10(23FBA) of the Income
Tax Act, 1961 for exemption
Copy of self-attested P AN
Declaration along with self-attested copy of
documentary evidence supporting the exemption
Copy of self-attested P AN
Lower/NIL  withholding t ax certificate for the
FY 2024-25 obt ained from t ax authority to be
submitted to claim the lower t ax rates

[page 9]
6
10. Updation of mandate for receiving dividend directly in bank account through Electronic Clearing System or any other means in
a timely manner:
SEBI has made it mandatory for all comp anies to use the bank account det ails furnished by the Depositories and/or the bank account
details maintained by the R TA for payment of dividend to members electronically .
The Company has extended the facility of electronic credit of dividend directly to the respective bank account s of the Member(s) through
the National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS)/ National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT)/Real Time Gross Settlement (R TGS)/Direct
Credit, etc.
Further, the members holding shares in physical form may kindly note that SEBI vide Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024 issued to the Registrar and Transfer Agents read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, SEBI Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2023/181 dated November 17, 2023, directive
e-mail dated 17.01.2024 to the R TA(s) and F AQs dated 17.01.2024 has mandated that dividend shall be p aid only through electronic
mode with ef fect from April 01, 2024. In case of non-updation of P AN or Cont act Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or
Specimen Signature in respect of physical folios, dividend/interest etc. shall be p aid only through electronic mode with ef fect from April
01, 2024 upon furnishing all the aforesaid det ails in entirety . Therefore, members are requested to update their det ails with Comp any/
RTA/DP in following manner:
Shares held in physical form:  In order to receive dividend in a timely manner , members holding shares in physical form who have not
updated their mandate for receiving the dividends directly in their bank account s through Electronic Clearing Service or any other means
(“Electronic Bank Mandate”), can register their Electronic Bank Mandate to receive dividends directly into their bank account electronically
or any other means, by submitting the hard copies of the following det ails/ document s to the comp any’s RTA:
a) Form ISR-1 & ISR-2 along with supporting document s. The said forms are available on the comp any’ s website at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-service-request/ and at RTA’s website at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html
b) Cancelled cheque in original, bearing the name of the member or first holder , in case shares are held jointly; In case name of the
holder is not available on the cheque, kindly submit the following document s:
i. Cancelled cheque in original
ii. Bank attested legible copy of the first p age of the Bank Passbook/Bank S tatement bearing the names of the account holders,
address, same bank account number and type as on the cheque leaf and full address of the bank branch.
iii. Self-attested copy of the P AN Card of all the holders; and
iv. Self-attested copy of any document (such as Aadhar Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support of the
address of the Member(s) as registered with the Comp any.
Shares held in demat form:  Members holding shares in electronic form may note that the bank p articulars registered against their
respective depository account s will be used by the Company for payment of dividend. The Company or its RTA cannot act on any request
received directly from the members holding shares in electronic form for any change of bank p articulars or bank mandates. Such
changes are to be advised only to the Depository Particip ant(DP) of the members. Accordingly, the Members holding shares in demat
form are requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate with their respective DPs.
11. Nomination Facility : As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination is available for the Members in
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination are requested to register the same by
submitting Form SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she may
submit the same in Form ISR-3 or Form SH-14, as the case may be. The said forms are available on the Comp any’s website at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-service-request/  and at R TA’s website at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html .
Members are requested to submit the said form(s) to their respective DP , in case the shares are held in electronic form and to the
Company’s RTA in case the shares are held in physical form.
Further, the Company in compliance to the SEBI circulars has sent individual letters to the members holding shares in physical form for
furnishing their PAN or Contact Details (Postal Address with PIN code) or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature
alongwith Email-id and nomination det ails.
12. Transfer, Transmission, Transposition, Dematerialization of shares and all other investor related matters are attended to and
processed by the Comp any’s RTA:
As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, securities of listed comp anies can be transferred only in dematerialized
form.
Further, SEBI in continuation of it s efforts to enhance ease of dealing in securities market by investors vide it s Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 read with SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 07, 2024
and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, has mandated the listed entities to issue securities for the following
service request s only in dematerialized form:
i. Issue of duplicate securities certificate;
ii. Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;

[page 10]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
7
iii. Renewal/ Exchange of securities certificate;
iv. Endorsement; Sub-division/S plitting of securities certificate;
v. Consolidation of securities certificates/folios;
vi. Transmission and Transpositions
In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of port folio management, Members holding shares
in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form. Accordingly, the members are requested to
make service request by submitting a duly filled and signed Form No. ISR-4, the format of which is available on the Comp any’s website
at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/Form-ISR-4.pdf and on the website of RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/
KYC-downloads.html . Members are requested to note that any service request would only be processed after the folio is KYC Compliant.
Members may also cont act the Company’s RTA, M/s MUFG Intime India Pvt. Lt d. (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Limited), at
Noble Height s 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi 1 10058, Phone No. 01 1-49411000,
e-mail - delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com  for assist ance in this regard.
13. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Comp any of any change in address or
demise of any member as soon as possible. Members are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic
statement of holdings should be obt ained from the concerned DP  and holdings should be verified from time to time.
14. ‘SWAYAM’ is a secure , user friendly web-based application , developed by MUFG Intime India Private Limited, R TA of the Comp any,
that empowers members to effortlessly access various services. W e request you to get registered and have first-hand experience of the
portal. This application can be accessed at 
https://swayam.in.mpms.mufg.com/ . For effective resolution of Service Requests i.e Generate
and Track Service Request s/complaints can be done through SW AYAM.
15. The Comp any is maint aining the “INVEST ORS SER VICE CELL” at it s Corporate Of fice at SCO 49-50, Sector 26, Madhya Marg,
Chandigarh- 160019.
16. SEBI vide it s circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/ OIAE_IAD-1/P/ CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023 (subsequently amended as on December
28, 2023, December 20, 2023 and August 4, 2023) has specified that a member shall first t ake up his/her/their grievance with the listed
entity by lodging a complaint directly with the concerned listed entity and if the grievance is not redressed satisfactorily , the member
may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate the same through the SCORES Port al in accordance with the process laid
out therein. Only after exhausting all available options for resolution of the grievance, if the member is not satisfied with the outcome, he/
she/they can initiate dispute resolution through the Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) Port al. The SMART ODR Portal can be accessed
at: https://smartodr.in/login or the same can be accessed through the comp any’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/online-
dispute-resolution-odr/ . Members are requested to t ake note of the same.
17. Members having any queries relating to Annual Report are requested to send their queries at least seven (7) days before the date of the
AGM.
18. Members can inspect the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and their shareholding, required to be maint ained
under Section 170 of the Act, and Register of Contract s or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, to be maint ained under
Section 189 of the Act, alongwith the certificate obt ained from the Secret arial Auditor in respect of the ongoing Employee S tock Option
Scheme of the Comp any as prescribed under the Regulation 13 of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefit s and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021, during the course of the meeting at the venue.
19. Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) related information:
Pursuant to section 124, 125 and applicable provisions of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“the Rules”), all unp aid or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by
the Company to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established by the Central Government, af ter completion
of seven years from the date of transfer to Unclaimed Dividend Account of the Comp any. Further, according to the Rules, the shares in
respect of which dividend has not been p aid or claimed by the shareholders for seven(7) consecutive years or more shall also be
transferred to the de-mat account of the IEPF Authority. The said requirement does not apply to shares in respect of which there is a
specific order of Court, Tribunal or Statutory Authority, restraining transfer of the shares.
In view of this, members who have not encashed their dividends are requested to claim the same from the Comp any, within the
stipulated timeline. Also, the members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares have been transferred to IEPF , may claim the same by
making an online application to the IEPF Authority in web Form No. IEPF-5 available on 
www.iepf.gov.in / www.mca.gov.in. For details,
please refer to Corporate Governance Report, which is a p art of this Annual Report.
During the year under review, the Company had sent individual notices and also advertised in the newspapers i.e. both national (English)
and local (Punjabi) seeking action from the shareholders who have not claimed their dividends for seven years or more. Accordingly, the
Company had transferred the unclaimed/unp aid dividend for the FY  2016-17 (Final Dividend) and corresponding shares to the IEPF
Authority as follows:
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of shares (FV Rs. 1/-)
2016-17 (Final Dividend) Rs. 9,55,164.00 89329

[page 11]
8
During the financial year (FY) 2025-26, the comp any would be transferring unp aid or unclaimed dividend amount for the FY  2017-18
(Final Dividend) within 30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 03.1 1.2025. Further , the Comp any is also
required to transfer the shares in respect of which dividends have not claimed for seven (7) consecutive years from the FY 2017-18
(Final Dividend) to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. The Company has given individual intimations to concerned shareholders
indicating that such shares shall be transferred to IEPF Authority and also advertised in the newsp apers seeking action from said
shareholders. Accordingly, the concerned members are requested to claim the unp aid or unclaimed dividend for FY  2017-18 (Final
Dividend) on or before due date for transfer to IEPF .
Members are requested to note the following date(s) for claiming the unp aid or unclaimed dividend declared by the comp any for the
FY 2017-18 and thereaf ter:
Financial year Date of Dividend Dividend per share (in Rs.) Due date for transfer to IEPF
2017-18 28-09-2018 4.00 03-11-2025
2018-19 30-09-2019 4.00 05-11-2026
2020-21 30-09-2021 2.00 05-11-2028
2021-22 30-09-2022 3.75 05-11-2029
2022-23 23-08-2023 1.00 29-09-2030
2023-24 30-09-2024 1.00 05-11-2031
Further, IEPF Authority, under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, has launched a 100-day camp aign titled “Saksham Niveshak”, running
from 28th July, 2025 to 6th November, 2025. In reference with the same, it is specially reminded to update KYC and bank det ails to claim
Equity Shares and Unp aid/Unclaimed Dividend prior to the transfer to the IEPF . We request you to kindly register/update your KYC and
bank account details with RTA/your Depository Particip ant to receive the dividend electronically . The dividend payment will be processed
if the request is found appropriate in all respect s. In case of any discrep ancies or if the document s are inadequate/incomplete, the
request is liable to be rejected and the Comp any will proceed to transfer the unclaimed dividend(s) for the aforementioned years along
with the corresponding shares in respect of which dividend has not been claimed for seven consecutive years to the IEPF as per
applicable regulations. Kindly note that no claim shall lie against the Comp any in respect of shares or dividend transferred to the IEPF
as per the aforesaid rules. The concerned shareholders may approach the IEPF Authority to claim the transferred dividend amount and
shares as prescribed under the IEPF Rules.
20. The cut-off date  for the purpose of determining the members eligible for p articipating in remote e-voting (e-voting from a place other
than venue of the AGM) and voting at the AGM is 23.09.2025. Please note that the members can opt for only one mode of voting i.e.,
either by voting at the meeting or remote e-voting. If members opt for remote e-voting, then they should not vote at the Meeting.
However, once e-voting on a resolution is cast by a Member , such member is not permitted to change it subsequently or cast the vote
again. Members, who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the date of the Meeting, can attend and p articipate in the Meeting
but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
21. Intimation of details of the agreement, if any, under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015: Members are informed that in terms of the
provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company is required to intimate the Stock Exchanges the details of the agreements
entered into by the shareholders, promoter(s), members of the promoter(s) group, related p arties, directors, key managerial personnel,
employees of the Comp any or of it s holding, subsidiary or associate comp any, among themselves or with the Comp any or with a third
party, solely or jointly , which, either directly or indirectly or potentially or whose purpose and ef fect is to, imp act the management or
control of the Comp any or impose any restriction or create any liability upon the Comp any, including disclosure of any rescission,
amendment or alteration of such agreement s thereto, whether or not the Comp any is a p arty to such agreement s.
Accordingly, it is hereby advised to the members to inform the Comp any about such agreement to which the Comp any is not a p arty,
within two (2) working days of entering into such agreement s or signing an agreement to enter into such agreement s. The Company will
inform the det ails of such agreement s to the S tock Exchanges on it becoming aware of it within the prescribed timelines.
[Explanation: For the purpose of this clause, the term “directly or indirectly” includes agreement s creating an obligation on the p arties to
such agreement s to ensure that the listed entity shall or shall not act in a p articular manner.]
22. Special Window For Re-Lodgement Of T ransfer Request s Of Physical Shares:
Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 2,
2025, investors of the comp any are hereby informed that a S pecial Window for re-lodgment of transfer request s of physical shares has
been opened for a period of six (6) months i.e. from July 7, 2025 till January 6, 2026. Investors who had submitted transfer request s for
physical shares prior to April 1, 2019 (the date from which transfer of securities in physical form was discontinued), and whose request s
were rejected or returned due to deficiencies in document s/process/or otherwise, are now provided an opportunity to re-lodge such
transfer re quests.

[page 12]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
9
Eligible investors may re-lodge their earlier request s with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“R TA”) of the Comp any i.e MUFG
Intime India Private Limited (formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) along with requisite documents and rectifying deficiency,
if any, during the aforementioned S pecial W indow period and may send the document s to the Comp any or R TA of the Comp any i.e
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt Lt d).
23. Voting through electronic means
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Comp anies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
as amended from time to time and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, the Comp any
is pleased to provide members, a facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be p assed in the 39 th AGM by
electronic means through remote e-voting services provided by MUFG Intime India Private Limited (hereinaf ter “MIIPL” or “R TA”) through
their e-voting website “Inst aVOTE”. It may be noted that this e-voting facility is optional. Since the Comp any is providing the facility of
remote e-voting to the shareholders, there shall be no voting by show of hands at the said meeting.
The instructions to Members for voting electronically are as under:
a. The remote e-voting period will commence on Saturday , 27.09.2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and will end on Monday , 29.09.2025
at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period members of the Comp any, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form,
as on the cut-off date i.e. T uesday, 23.09.2025, may cast their vote electronically . The remote e-voting module shall be disabled
by MIIPL for voting thereafter. The members are requested to note that once vote on a resolution is cast electronically , he/she shall
not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast vote again.
b. The voting right s of members shall be in proportion to their shares in the p aid-up equity share capit al of the Company as on cut-off
date. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maint ained by the
depositories as on the cut-of f date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-V oting as well as voting at the meeting
through ballot p aper.
c. Further, pursuant to SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting facility provided by Listed Comp anies, the Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode can register directly with the depository or will have the option of accessing various
E-voting Service Providers (“ESPs”) port als directly from their demat account.
d. In order to increase the ef ficiency of the voting process, and pursuant to Section VI-C of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/
CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 1 1, 2024, the demat account holders, are provided a single login credential, through their
demat account s/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Particip ants. Demat account holders will now be able to cast their vote
without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby facilit ating seamless authentication and convenience of p articipating in
remote e-voting process.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode/ physical mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
Login Method
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode with NSDL
1. Shareholders who have registered for NSDL IDeAS facility:
a. Visit URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login”.
b. Enter User ID and Password. Click on “Login”
c. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-V oting services under V alue
added services. Click on “Access to e-V oting” under e-V oting services.
d. Click on “MUFG InT ime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and
you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-
voting period.
2. Shareholders who have not registered for NSDL IDeAS facility:
a. To register, visit URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com  and select “Register Online for IDeAS
Portal” or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureW eb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
b. Proceed with updating the required fields.
c. Post successful registration, user will be provided with Login ID and p assword.
d. After successful login, you will be able to see e-V oting services under V alue added
services. Click on “Access to e-V oting” under e-V oting services.
e. Click on “MUFG InT ime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and
you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-
voting period.

[page 13]
10
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode with CDSL
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode with depository
participants
3. By directly visiting the e-voting website of NSDL
a. Visit URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com
b. Click on the “Login” t ab available under ‘Shareholder/Member ’ section.
c. Enter User ID (i.e., your sixteen-digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/
OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
d. Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website
wherein you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on
“Access to e-V oting” under e-V oting services.
e. Click on “MUFG InT ime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and
you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-
voting period.
1. Users who have registered for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility:
a. Visit URL: 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login  or www.cdslindia.com .
b. Click on New System Myeasi Tab
c. Login with existing my easi username and p assword
d. After successful login, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime, for voting during the remote
e-voting period.
e. Click on “Link InT ime/ MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s
Name” and you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for casting the vote during the
remote e-voting period.
2. Users who have not registered for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility:
a. To register, visit URL:
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration  /
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiestRegistration
b. Proceed with updating the required fields.
c. Post registration, user will be provided username and p assword.
d. After successful login, user able to see e-voting menu.
e. Click on “Link InT ime / MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s
Name” and you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for casting the vote during the
remote e-voting period.
3. By directly visiting the e-voting website of CDSL:
a. Visit URL: 
https://www.cdslindia.com
b. Go to e-voting t ab.
c. Enter Demat Account Number (BO ID) and P AN No. and click on “Submit”.
d. System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as
recorded in Demat Account
e. After successful authentication, click on “Link InT ime / MUFG InT ime” or “evoting link
displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website
for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through
your depository p articipant registered with NSDL  / CDSL for e-voting facility .
a) Login to DP website
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option.
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL  / CDSL  Depository website af ter
successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.
d) After successful authentication, click on “Link InT ime / MUFG InT ime” or “evoting link
displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and you will be redirected to Inst aVote website for
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.

[page 14]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
11
Type of shareholders Login Method
Login method for Individual
shareholders holding
securities in physical form /
Non-Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat
mode
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities
in demat mode as on the cut-of f date for e-voting may register for Inst aVote as under:
1. Visit URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
Shareholders who have not registered for INST AVOTE facility:
a) Click on “Sign Up”  under ‘SHARE HOLDER’  tab and register with your following det ails:
A. User ID:
NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is 
Event No + Folio Number
registered with the Comp any.
B. PAN:
Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (P AN)
(Shareholders who have not updated their P AN with the Depository Particip ant (DP)/
Company shall use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable).
C. DOB/DOI:
Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your DP
/ Company - in DD/MM/YYYY  format)
D. Bank Account Number:
Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with your DP/Company.
*Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above
**Shareholders holding shares in physical form but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’,
shall provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above
• Set the password of your choice
(The p assword should cont ain 
minimum 8 characters , at least one special
Character (!#$&*), at least one numeral , at least one alphabet  and at least one
capital letter ).
• Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
• Click “Submit” (Y ou have now registered on Inst aVote).
Shareholders who have registered for INST AVOTE facility:
b) Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
A. User ID: Enter your User ID
B. Password: Enter your Password
C. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
D. Click “Submit”
c) Cast your vote electronically:
A. After successful login, you will be able to see the “Notification for e-voting”.
B. Select ‘View’ icon.
C. E-voting page will appear.
D. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option
‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution det ails, click on the ‘V iew
Resolution’ file link).
E. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.
A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Y es’,
else to change you r vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

[page 15]
12
Type of shareholders Login Method
Guidelines for Institutional
shareholders (“Custodian /
Corporate Body/ Mutual
Fund Registration”):
STEP 1 – Registration
a) Visit URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
b) Click on “Sign Up”  under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”
c) Fill up your entity det ails and submit the form.
d) A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary cont act person
email ID (which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the Authorised
Signatory , Director , Comp any Secret ary of the entity & st amped and sent to
insta.vote@linkintime.co.in .
e) Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on Inst aVote)
STEP 2 –Investor Mapping
a) Visit URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with Inst aVote Login credentials.
b) Click on “Investor Mapping”  tab under the Menu Section
c) Map the Investor with the following det ails:
A. ‘Investor ID’ –
i. NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
i.e., IN00000012345678
ii. CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
B. ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor ’s Name as updated with DP .
C. ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit P AN.
D. ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney.
*File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP  ID and Client ID
or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID . Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload
specimen signatures.
E. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate
Body/ Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report Section”.
STEP 3 – V oting through remote e-voting.
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTR Y
a) Visit URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with Inst aVote Login credentials.
b) Click on “V otes Entry”  tab under the Menu section.
c) Enter the “Event No.”  for which you want to cast vote.
Event No. can be viewed on the home p age of InstaVote under “On-going Event s”.
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”  for which you want to cast vote.
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour /
Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).
f) After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.
g) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Y es’, else to
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
OR
METHOD 2- VOTES UPLOAD:
a) Visit URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with Inst aVote Login credentials.
b) After successful login, you will be able to see the “Notification for e-voting”.
c) Select “V iew” icon for “Comp any’s Name / Event number”.
d) E-voting page will appear.
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample V ote File” tab.
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ in the sample vote file and
upload the same under “Upload V ote File”  option.
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Dat a uploaded successfully’  message will be displayed.
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
subsequently).

[page 16]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
13
e. Helpdesk for Shareholders
i. Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat
mode:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode facing any
technical issue in login may cont act INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at 
enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com  or contact on: -
Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
ii. Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may cont act the respective helpdesk for any technical issues related to
login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can cont act NSDL helpdesk by sending a
securities in demat mode with NSDL request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  or call at : 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can cont act CDSL helpdesk by sending a
securities in demat mode with CDSL request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33
f. Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat
mode who has forgotten the p assword:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten
the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on:
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
• Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
• Click “forgot p assword?”
• Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image V erification code (CAPTCHA).
• Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. Shareholders can set
the password of his/her choice by providing information about the p articulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI,
Bank Account Number (last four digit s) etc. The password should cont ain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character
(!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capit al letter.
User ID:
NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is 
Event No + Folio Number  registered with the Comp any.
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder
can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
• Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” t ab
• Click “forgot p assword?”
• Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image V erification code (CAPTCHA).
• Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. Shareholders can set
the password of his/her choice by providing information about the p articulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI
etc. The password should cont ain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least
one alphabet and at least one capit al letter.
g. Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL  who has forgotten the p assword:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both, then the
Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned depository/ depository
participants website.
h. General Guidelines for shareholders:
• During the voting period, shareholders can login any number of times till they have voted on all the resolution(s) for a p articular
“Event No.”.
• Shareholders holding multiple folios/demat account shall choose the voting process sep arately for each of the folios/demat
account.

[page 17]
14
• Any person, who acquires shares of the Comp any and becomes member of the Comp any after disp atch of the Notice and
holding shares as on the cut-of f date i.e.  23.09.2025, may follow the same instructions as mentioned above for remote e-
voting. A person who is not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purposes only .
• It is strongly recommended not to share your p assword with any other person and t ake utmost care to keep your p assword
confidential.
• For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting on the resolutions contained
in this Notice.
24. The Board of Directors of the Comp any has appointed Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secretary (Membership No. FCS
4241 and C.P . No. 3582) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates, as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting
process for this AGM in a fair and transp arent manner. He has communicated his willingness for appointment as scrutinizer and will be
available for same purpose.
The Scrutinizer shall immediately af ter the conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM, thereafter unblock
the votes cast through remote e-voting, in the presence of at least two witnesses (who shall not be in the employment of the Comp any).
Thereafter, Scrutinizer shall give a consolidated report, specifying the tot al votes cast in favour or against, if any, within two working days
of conclusion of the meeting, which is within the time stipulated under the applicable laws, to the Chairman or any director or the person
authorized by him in writing who shall countersign the same.
The Chairman or any Director or the person authorized by him in writing shall declare the result of the voting forthwith. The result s
declared along with the Scrutinizer ’s Report shall be placed on the Comp any’s website at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/shareholders-
meetings-result s-and-scrutinisers-report/  and on the website of the R TA immediately after the results are declared by the Chairman and
shall also be communicated to the S tock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (BSE) and The National S tock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
where the shares of the Comp any are listed.
The resolutions proposed will be deemed to have been p assed on the date of the AGM i.e. 30.09.2025, subject to the receipt of requisite
number of votes in favour of the resolution.
25. All document s referred to in the accomp anying Notice and the Explanatory S tatement shall be open for inspection at the Registered
Office (i.e. V illage Somalheri/ Lehli, P .O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. SAS Nagar , Mohali, Punjab-140506) and Corporate office
(i.e. SCO 49-50, Sector 26, Madhya Marg, Chandigarh-160019) of the Comp any during normal business hours (9:00 am to 5:00 pm)
(IST) on all working days up to and including the date of AGM of the Comp any.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place:Chandigarh  Kanika Sapra
Date: 01.08.2025  Company Secretary
Membership No. ACS 56875
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”), SECRET ARIAL STANDARD
ON GENERAL MEETINGS (SS-2) AND REGULATION 36 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGA TIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)
REGULATIONS, 2015 {“SEBI (LODR) REGULA TIONS, 2015”}
ITEM NO. 5
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827, presently aged 82 years), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Comp any, retires by
rotation at this Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and being eligible of fers himself for re-appointment under Item No. 3 of this Notice.
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations,
2015 {SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015}, no listed entity shall appoint a person or continue the directorship of any person as a Non-Executive
Director who has attained the age of 75 (seventy five) years unless a special resolution is p assed to that effect, in which case the explanatory
statement annexed to this notice for such motion shall indicate the justification for appointing such a person.
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg has att ained the age 75 (seventy-five) years. Thus, as per Regulation 17(1A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015,
he will be able to continue to hold the directorship as Chairman and Non-Executive Director , only on the approval of the Members of the
Company by way of S pecial Resolution.
The Board of Directors of the Comp any is of opinion that Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg is a person of integrity , having vast experience & relevant
expertise. He is one of the promoters of the Comp any and has been associated with the Comp any since inception in 1985 when the first plant
of the Company was conceived at Dappar (Punjab). He started his career in the government service and ventured into his own business in the
year 1975. He is an industrialist and is a technocrat with almost five decades of rich experience across various industrial fields including
Steel, Acrylics Fibre, Automotive wheel rims, civil constructions and other allied activities. Under his visionary leadership and extensive
industry knowledge, the Comp any has consistently benefitted and achieved significant growth and success over the years and his continued
association would be of immense benefit to the Comp any and it is desirable to avail his services as the Chairman and Non-Executive Director

[page 18]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
15
of the Company. Hence, in view of his rich experience and contributions throughout his association with the Company and on the recommendation
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board considered the continuation of his directorship as justified.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the company recommends, the continuation of directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg as the Chairman
and Non-Executive Director of the Comp any till the date he retires by rot ation in terms of Section 152 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 (“the Act”),
to the members for their consideration and approval by way of Special Resolution  as set out in Item No. 5 of this Notice.
A brief resume of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg and additional disclosures as required under the Act, Secretarial Standard-2 and Regulation 36
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 are provided in Annexure I to this Notice.
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Comp any or their relatives, except Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg himself and
Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director of the Comp any (relative of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg) is in any way concerned or interested financially
or otherwise in the resolution mentioned at Item No. 5 of this Notice.
ITEM NO. 6
Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) was appointed as an Independent Director of the comp any by the members of the Comp any at their
35th Annual General Meeting held on 30.09.2021 for the period commencing from 09.11.2020 to 30.09.2025. Thus, his first term of appointment
as an Independent Director is coming to an end on 30.09.2025.
In terms of the Section 149(10) of the Act and Regulation 25(2A) of the SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015, a special resolution is required to be
passed by the members of the Comp any for the re-appointment of an Independent Director for the second term.
Sh. Siddharth Bansal is a qualified Chartered Accountant (CA) (All India 35 th Rank holder) and also holds Post Graduate Diploma in Banking
and Finance (PGDBF), a graduate degree in commerce (B.Com) and a Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement (CIPM). Presently,
he is associated as a p artner with M/s. Bansal & Co. LLP, a five decades old Chartered Accountancy firm based out of New Delhi. He has 20
years of work experience and specializes in IFRS, US GAAP , Ind-AS, Audit Support and Process improvement sp anning across client s in
Hospitality, Real-Estate, Manufacturing, IT  services and NBFC sectors. He has previously worked in core EY  audit function for about 7 years
and has been delivering trainings in IFRS, Ind-AS, financial st atement audit to senior professionals as a p art of EY learning. He has led and
been part of audit and the IPO / transaction engagement s of large comp anies. He has also led audit and advisory engagement s in IT sector
involving US GAAP , IND AS, merger and de-merger activities. Furthermore, he has also led engagement s involving prep aration of audit
schedules, performing procedures as agreed by the management on such schedules, review of carve out financials for a large comp anies in
manufacturing and financing sectors.
During his first term as the Independent Director of the Company, he provided valuable insights towards the company’s strategic and accounting
matters. His experience and professional judgement have significantly benefitted the Board’ s functioning.
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature.
Based on the performance evaluation and t aking into consideration the skills, expertise and competencies required for the Board in the
context of the business of the Company, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee(NRC) concluded and recommended to the Board that
Sh. Siddharth Bansal’s qualifications and the rich experience align with the skills and cap abilities required for the role of Independent Director
of the Comp any as specified in the Act and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. The Board is also of the
opinion that Sh. Siddharth Bansal is independent of the management and possesses the identified core skills, expertise, and competencies
fundamental for effective functioning as an Independent Director of the Company. Considering his valuable contributions, continued association
with the comp any for the second term is considered to be in the best interest of the comp any.
The Board, on the recommendation of the NRC and subject to the approval of the members, has approved the re-appointment of
Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for the second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective
from 01.10.2025 to 30.09.2030 and whose period of of fice shall not be liable to retire by rot ation in terms of section 152 of the Act.
Further, the Comp any has received all st atutory declarations/disclosures from Sh. Siddharth Bansal including the following:
• a declaration that he meet s the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act, read with the rules framed
thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015;
• consent to act as a Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act;
• confirmation that he is neither disqualified from being re-appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act nor debarred from
holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any such other authority;
• confirmation that he is not aware of any circumst ance or situation which exist s or may be reasonably anticip ated that could imp air or
impact his ability to discharge his duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence in terms of Regulation
25(8) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015;
• confirmation that he has complied with the requirement s of Independent Director ’s Databank maintained by Indian Institute of Corporate
Affairs (IICA) in terms of Section 150 of the Act.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the comp any recommends the re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal as an Independent Director of
the Company, for the second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2025 to 30.09.2030 and whose period of of fice shall not
be liable to retire by rot ation in terms of section 152 of the Act, to the members for their consideration and approval by way of Special
Resolution as set out at Item No. 6  of this Notice.

[page 19]
16
A copy of the draf t letter of re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal, setting out terms and conditions of re-appointment is available for
inspection by the members of the Comp any at the Registered Of fice & Corporate Of fice of the Comp any between 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
(IST), on all working days (except Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays), up to the date of the AGM and shall also be available during the
AGM at the venue thereof. Further , the same is also available on the website of the comp any at https://sswlindia.com/investors/terms-and-
conditions-of-appointment-of-independent-director/ .
A brief resume of Sh. Siddharth Bansal and additional disclosures as required under the Act, Secretarial Standard-2 and Regulation 36 of the
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 are provided in Annexure I to this Notice .
Except Sh. Siddharth Bansal and his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any , in the Company, none of the other Director(s)/
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Comp any/their relatives, are in any way , concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the
resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice.
ITEM NO. 7
In accordance with the provisions of Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Rule 9 of the Comp anies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, Sh. Sushil Kumar
Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secret ary (Membership No. FCS 4241, Certificate of Practice No. 3582 and Peer Review Certificate no.: 1057/
2021) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates has served as Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any for the financial year 2024-25.
The provisions of Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, were amended vide Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2024, which, inter alia, st ate that with ef fect from 01.04.2025,
every listed entity is required to appoint a Practicing Comp any Secret ary for not more than one term of five consecutive years or a firm of
Practicing Comp any Secret aries as Secret arial Auditors for not more than two terms of five consecutive years, with the approval of the
members at its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and such Secret arial Auditors(s) must be a peer reviewed company secretary and should not
have incurred any of the disqualifications as specified under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Further , the said regulation also provides
that any association of the individual or the firm as the Secret arial Auditor(s) of the Comp any before 31.03.2025 shall not be considered for
the purpose of calculating the tenure of the Secret arial Auditor(s).
Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, is a fellow member (Membership No. FCS 4241 and Certificate of Practice no. 3582) of the Institute of Comp any
Secretaries of India, based in Chandigarh. He also holds Post Graduate degree in Commerce. He has almost 34 years of post qualification
work experience. In the initial days of his professional career , he worked as Company Secretary in public limited companies. Later, in the year
2001, he st arted his journey as Practicing Comp any Secret ary under the name of M/s. S. K. Sikka and Associates registered as sole
proprietorship. The sole proprietorship firm is primarily engaged in providing professional services in the field of Corporate Laws, SEBI
Regulations, FEMA  Regulations including carrying out Secret arial Audits, Due Diligence Audits and Compliance Audits for various reputed
Government, Private as well as Public Limited Comp anies. M/s. S. K. Sikka and Associates, the sole proprietorship firm is Peer Reviewed
and Quality Reviewed by the Institute of the Comp any Secretaries of India (ICSI) and have not incurred any of disqualifications as specified
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). M/s. S.K. Sikka & Associates had consented to it s appointment as the Secret arial
Auditor of the Comp any and have confirmed that they fulfil the criteria as specified in Clause (a) of Regulation 24A  (1A) of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
Accordingly, taking into account the above requirement s and the consideration of factors such as technical skills, independence, industry
experience, expertise, quality of audit practices, and p ast association with the Comp any and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,
the Board, at it s Meeting held on 01.08.2025, subject to the approval of the Members of the Comp any, approved the appointment of Sh.
Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secretary (Membership No. FCS 4241, Certificate of Practice No. 3582 and Peer Review Certificate
no.: 1057/2021) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates as the Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any, to hold of fice for a term of five (5)
consecutive years from the conclusion of this 39 th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 44 th Annual General Meeting of the
Company to be held in the year 2030, covering the period commencing from the April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030, on such annual remuneration
plus applicable t axes, out of pocket expenses, travelling expenses, etc; as recommended by the Audit Committee and as may be mutually
agreed between the Board of Directors of the Comp any and the Secret arial Auditor, from time to time.
None of the Director(s) and/or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Comp any or their relatives, are in any way , concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise in the resolution mentioned at Item No. 7  of this Notice.
Accordingly, the Board recommends to the members, the appointment of Secret arial Auditor by way of Ordinary Resolution  as set out in
Item No. 7 of this Notice.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place:Chandigarh  Kanika Sapra
Date: 01.08.2025  Company Secretary
Membership No. ACS 56875

[page 20]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
17
Annexure I
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT/CONTINUATION OF APPOINTMENT AT THE 39th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
OF THE COMPANY.
Name of Director Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Sh. Siddharth Bansal
DIN
Date of Birth
Age
Qualification
Brief Resume
and Expertise in
specific
functional areas
Terms and
Conditions of
Appointment/
Re-appointment
Remuneration
last drawn
(including sitting
fee if any)
00034827
18.08.1943
82 years
Bachelors of Engineering (Civil)
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg has vast
experience & relevant expertise. He
is one of the promoters of the
Company and has been associated
with the Company since inception in
1985 when the first plant of the
Company was conceived at Dapp ar
(Punjab). He started his career in the
government service and ventured
into his own business in the year
1975. He is an industrialist and is a
technocrat with almost five decades
of rich experience across various
industrial fields including S teel,
Acrylics Fibre, Automotive wheel
rims, civil constructions and other
allied activities. Under his visionary
leadership and extensive industry
knowledge, the Comp any has
consistently benefitted and achieved
significant growth and success over
the years.
As det ailed in the resolution and
explanatory st atement
Paid sitting fees for attending Board
Meeting. For more det ails please
refer Corporate Governance Report
section of the Annual Report
2024-25.
00034591
07.06.1955
70 years
B.Com, FCS, FCA
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain has been
associated with the Group for a
period of more than 44 years. He is
a FCA and FCS by qualification. He
has vast experience in the field of
finance, legal, secret arial and
taxation matters. He also possesses
skills for development of various
strategies in the said areas and
ensuring it s successful
implement ation for the betterment
and growth of the Comp any.
As per existing terms and conditions
approved by the members of the
company at their 37th AGM
For det ails please refer Corporate
Governance Report section of the
Annual Report 2024-25
02909820
04.10.1986
38 years
B.Com (Hons), PGDBF, CIPM, FCA
Sh. Siddharth Bansal is a qualified
Chartered Accountant (CA) (All India
35th Rankholder) and also holds Post
Graduate Diploma in Banking and
Finance (PGDBF), a graduate
degree in commerce (B.Com) and a
Certificate in Investment
Performance Measurement (CIPM).
Presently , he is associated as a
partner with M/s. Bansal & Co. LLP ,
a five decades old Chartered
Accountancy firm based out of New
Delhi. He has 20 years of work
experience and specializes in IFRS,
US GAAP, Ind-AS, Audit Support and
Process improvement sp anning
across client s in Hospit ality, Real-
Estate, Manufacturing, IT  services
and NBFC sectors.
He has previously worked in core EY
audit function for about 7 years and
has been delivering trainings in
IFRS, Ind-AS, financial st atement
audit to senior professionals as a part
of EY learning. He has led and been
part of audit and the IPO / transaction
engagement s of large comp anies.
He has also led audit and advisory
engagements in IT  sector involving
US GAAP, IND AS, merger and de-
merger activities. Furthermore, he
has also led engagement s involving
prep aration of audit schedules,
performing procedures as agreed by
the management on such schedules,
review of carve out financials for a
large comp anies in manufacturing
and financing sectors.
As det ailed in the resolution and
explanatory st atement.
Paid sitting fees for attending Board
Meeting and Audit Committee
meetings. For more det ails please
refer Corporate Governance Report
section of the Annual Report
2024-25.

[page 21]
18
Name of Director Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Sh. Siddharth Bansal
Remuneration
proposed to be
paid
Date of First
Appointment on
the Board
Shareholding in
the Company
Shareholding of
Non-Executive
Directors as a
beneficial owner
Relationship
with other
Director/Key
Managerial
Personnel
Number of
meetings of the
Board attended
during the
financial year
Directorships
held in other
companies
Memberships/
chairmanships
of committees of
Board of
Directors of the
company
(includes only
Audit Committee
and
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee)
As per Nomination and
Remuneration Policy of the Company
28.02.1985
3055333 equity shares as on
31.03.2025 as well as on the date of
the Notice.
NIL
He is father of Sh. Dheeraj Garg,
Managing Director of the Comp any.
Please refer Corporate Governance
Report section of the Annual Report
2024-25
• Indian Acrylics Lt d.
• SAB Industries Lt d.
• Steel Strips Infrastructures Lt d.
NIL
As per existing terms and conditions
approved by the members of the
company at their 37th AGM
01.08.2013
155756 equity shares as on
31.03.2025 as well as on the date of
the Notice.
NA
He is not related to any other director/
Key Managerial Personnel of the
Company.
Please refer Corporate Governance
Report section of the Annual Report
2024-25
• Malwa Chemtex Udyog Lt d.
• Indlon Chemicals Lt d.
• Steel Strips Industries Lt d.
• Munak Financiers Private Limited
• S J Mercantile Private Limited
• Steel S trip s Holdings Private
Limited
• Munak Investment s Pvt Lt d
• Steel Strips Financiers Pvt Lt d
• S S Credits Pvt Ltd
• DHG Marketing Pvt. Lt d.
• Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Ltd.
• Audit Committee- Member
• Stakeholder Relationship
Committee-Member
As per Nomination and
Remuneration Policy of the
Company
09.11.2020
NIL
NIL
He is not related to any other director/
Key Managerial Personnel of the
Company.
Please refer Corporate Governance
Report section of the Annual Report
2024-25
• Indira Infratech Private Limited
• Audit Committee- Member

[page 22]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
19
Name of Director Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Sh. Siddharth Bansal
Membership s/
chairmanship s
of committees of
other companies
(includes only
Audit Committee
and
Stakeholders
Relationship
Committee)
Listed
Companies from
which the
Director has
resigned in the
past three years
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL

[page 23]
20
BOARD’S
   REPORT
To
The Members,
Your Directors take pleasure in presenting the 39 th (Thirty-Ninth) Annual Report on the business and operations of Steel Strips Wheels Limited
(“the Company” or “SSWL”) together with Audited Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Comp any for the financial year
(FY) ended 31.03.2025.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(Rs. in Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
A) Revenue from Operations 4,42,899.83  4,35,709.54 4,42,899.83 4,35,709.54
B) Other Income 1,343.91  1,606.39 316.76 1,365.47
C) Total Income (A+B) 4,44,243.74 4,37,315.93 4,43,216.59 4,37,075.01
D) Total Expenditures (excl. Finance Cost, 3,94,218.38 3,89,190.11 3,94,465.84 3,89,308.59
depreciation and amortization)
E) Profit before interest, depreciation and 50,025.36 48,125.82 48,750.75 47,766.42
amortization
F) Interest & Financial Charges 11,723.11 10,266.60 11,724.30 10,266.60
G) Depreciation and amortization expenses 10,100.88 8,995.30 11,113.26 10,422.14
H) Profit before Exceptional Item and t ax 28,201.37 28,863.92 25,913.19 27,077.68
I) Exceptional Item 0.00 0.00 0.00 47,310.39*
J) Profit Before Tax After exceptional item 28,201.37 28,863.92 25,913.19 74,388.07
K) Share of profit/(loss) from Associates - - (13.91) (45.19)
L) Profit before t ax 28,201.37 28,863.92 25,899.28 74,342.88
M) Tax expense
Current tax 6,602.85 9,393.80 6602.85 9,393.80
Deferred tax 606.20 (2,519.37) (229.33) (2,519.37)
Prior year t ax adjustment s (2.69) 0.00 (2.69) 0.00
N) Profit after tax 20,995.01 21,989.49 19,528.45 67,468.45
O) Other Comprehensive Income (Net of T ax) (77.70) 113.66 (77.70) 113.66
P) Total Comprehensive Income for the period (N+O) 20,917.31 22,103.15 19,450.75 67,582.11
*The income shown under Exceptional Item (FY  2023-24) is on the account of CIRP  proceedings & implement ation of resolution plan as
approved by NCL T, Ahmedabad vide it s order dated 12.10.2023 under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 for the acquisition of AMW
Autocomponent Limited (AACL) by the comp any. The said income is due to write off and write back of book value of Assets and Liabilities of
AACL in excess of the consideration p aid by the comp any as per the approved resolution plan .
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND STATE OF AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY
During the financial year 2024-25, the global economy exhibited steady yet uneven growth across regions. Geopolitical tensions have
reshaped global trade. Geopolitical risk and policy uncert ainty, especially around trade policies, have contributed to increased volatility in
global financial market. The US unleashed a major upheaval of global trade through an imposition of enhanced t ariffs across all countries with
whom international trade with the US occurs. The US initiatives are changing by the day and uncert ainty prevails because the new t ariff
structure is not stable yet. Countries are responding in dif ferent ways to these US tariff initiatives. Some are responding with reciprocal t ariffs
and others are looking at working out trade deals with the US. India has to examine this matter that serves it s own interest s best.
A notable trend during the financial year was the slowdown in global manufacturing, especially in Europe and p arts of Asia, driven by supply
chain disruptions and weak external demand. In contrast, the services sector performed better , supporting growth in many economies.
Inflationary pressures eased in most economies although services inflation has remained persistent. Global real GDP growth was estimated
at approximately  3.0 percent in 2025 , down from about 3.2 percent in 2024.  {Source: Summary of economic survey 2024-25 by PIB Delhi;
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspx?PRID=2097921 }

[page 24]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
21
Despite global uncert ainty, India’s economy continued to grow at a steady and confident p ace standing out as the fastest growing major
economy in the world. India also became the world’ s 4th largest economy in FY  2024-25. India’ s growth momentum was underpinned by
strong fundament als and consistent performance. Real GDP  expanded by  6.5 percent  in FY  2024–25, with the final quarter (Q4 FY  25)
posted a robust 7.4 percent growth, supported by strong private consumption, elevated capit al formation, and sectoral gains—p articularly in
construction and financial services. Nominal GDP  also exp anded sharply by  9.8 percent  in FY  2024–25. {Source:
https://www.pib.gov.in/PressNoteDetails.aspx?NoteId=154840&ModuleId=3 & https://mospi.gov.in/sites/default/files/press_release/NAD_PR_30may2025.pdf}
The latest dat a released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) show that the Indian automotive industry wrapped up
FY 2024-25 with a solid performance, driven by resilient domestic demand, an uptick in export s, and a renewed push towards green
mobility. While the p ace of growth varied across segment s, the industry overall clocked a healthy 7.3 percent increase in domestic sales,
reinforcing it s steady recovery trajectory in a post-p andemic economy.
Following the Industry trends, your Comp any effectively managed to work well during the financial year under review with improved sales
mix.
Further, your company’s financial results for the Financial year 2024-25 were consolidated with that of AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL),
Wholly owned subsidiary as well as Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL), the Associate Comp any.
A brief on the financial performance of your comp any during the financial year under review on both st andalone and consolidated basis is
given as below: -
On standalone basis:
• the Total Income for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 4,44,243.74 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 4,37,315.93 lakhs in FY 2023-24,
thereby recording an increase of 1.58%.
• In terms of number of wheels, the Company has achieved sale of 190.91 Lakh wheel rims for the financial year under review as against
190.33 lakh wheel rims during the FY 2023-24, recording an increase of 0.31%.
• During the financial year under review, the company also commenced commercial production of aluminium steering knuckles (“knuckle”)
through which the comp any generated a sale of 46952 unit s.
• Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation and Tax (EBIDTA) for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 50,025.36 lakhs as compared
to Rs. 48,125.82 lakhs in FY 2023-24, recording an increase of 3.95%.
• the Profit before T ax for the financial year under review has slightly decreased to Rs. 28,201.37 lakhs from Rs. 28,863.92 lakhs in
FY 2023-24 marking a decline of 2.30%.The Profit af ter T ax (before comprehensive income) has also slightly decreased to
Rs. 20,995.01 lakhs from Rs. 21,989.49 lakhs, resulting in a decrease of 4.52%.
On consolidated basis:
• the Total Income for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 4,43,216.59 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 4,37,075.01 lakhs in FY 2023-24,
thereby recording an increase of 1.41%.
• EBIDTA for the financial year under review stood at Rs. 48,750.75 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 47,766.42 lakhs in FY  2023-24, thereby
recording an increase of 2.06%.
• The Profit before Tax after exceptional item for the financial year under review decreased to Rs. 25,899.28 lakhs from Rs. 74,342.88
lakhs in FY 2023-24 recording a decrease of 65.16% mainly on account of the exceptional item in FY  2023-24. Similarly, the Profit after
Tax (before comprehensive income) for the financial year under review decreased to Rs. 19,528.45 lakhs from Rs. 67,468.45 lakhs in
FY 2023-24, recording a decrease of 71.06%.
KEY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
During the financial year under review the Company launched a new product i.e. Aluminum Steering Knuckle, and commenced its commercial
production at the comp any’s existing manufacturing facility located at Mehsana, Gujarat with ef fect from November 05, 2024. This strategic
product launch marks a significant milestone in the Comp any’s efforts to diversify its product portfolio and strengthen it s position. The launch
not only enables the comp any to cater to evolving customers requirement s but also enhance it s competitiveness and revenue visibility in the
market.
SUBSIDIARY, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURE
As on 31.03.2025, the comp any had following subsidiary and associate comp anies: -
1. AMW Autocomponent Limited, Wholly Owned Subsidiary
2. Clean Max Astria Private Limited, Associate
The company does not have any material subsidiary as on 31.03.2025 as per the thresholds laid down in the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015}. A Policy for determining
material subsidiaries as duly approved by the Board has been uploaded on the Comp any’s website and can be accessed at
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiary .pdf.
During the financial year under review , the Board of Directors of the Comp any have reviewed the af fairs of the Subsidiary Comp any.

[page 25]
22
Further Investment in the Equity Shares of Clean Max Astria Private Limited, Associate of the Comp any
During the financial year u nder review, the company made a further investment of Rs. 693.10 lakhs, subscribing to 32193 equity shares of FV
Rs. 10/- each, by way of right s issue in Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL), Associate Comp any. Post investment, the Comp any’s
aggregate shareholding in CMAPL  stands at 26% i.e. 57151 equity shares of FV Rs. 10/- each.
Formation of Wholly Owned Subsidiary in European Union
The Board of Directors at it s meeting held on 01.08.2025 had approved the proposal for the formation of a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (WOS)
in European Union with the objective of strengthening the Comp any’s global presence and align with long-term strategic objectives. The
proposed WOS of the comp any is intended to:
• Expand the Comp any’s footprint in a strategically import ant region with strong growth potential;
• Enhance service cap abilities for Comp any’s existing European customers through improved proximity , responsiveness, and regulatory
alignment;
• Support business development by facilit ating access to new market s, customers, and p artnerships within the region.
Further, the company does not have any Joint V enture as on 31.03.2025.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The audited Consolidated Financial S tatements of the Comp any for the Financial Year ended 31.03.2025 prep ared in accordance with the
provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), Regulation 33 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Indian Accounting S tandard-110
(IND AS-110) read with the Comp anies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 alongwith the Auditor’s Report thereon forms p art of this
Annual Report.
Further, pursuant to the section 136 of the Act, the audited financial statements (both standalone and consolidated) and related information of
the Company is available on the company’s website at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/annual-reports/. In addition to this, the separate financial
statements of the subsidiary company is also available on the Comp any’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/subsidiary-financials/ and
shall also be kept open for inspection at the registered office of the Company. The Company shall also make available the financial statements
of these companies to any member of the Comp any who may be interested in obt aining the same.
Pursuant to Section 129 of the Act and relevant rules made thereunder , a statement containing salient features of the financial st atements of
the subsidiary and associate comp any in Form AOC-1 is provided with the consolidated financial st atements and therefore not repeated in
this Report to avoid duplication. The consolidated financial st atements provide the det ails of the performance and financial position of
associate and subsidiary comp any and their contributions to the overall performance of the Comp any.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
Your Company proposes to transfer an amount of Rs. 21,989.50 lakhs to the General Reserve out of the amount available for appropriation.
DIVIDEND
In accordance with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 15.05.2025, have recommended
a final dividend of Rs. 1.25 per equity share (i.e. 125%) of face value of Rs. 1/- each for the FY  2024-25 to the members of the Comp any as
against Rs. 1.00 per equity share (i.e. 100%) in the previous year .
The proposed final dividend, if approved by the members at the ensuing 39 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company, will entail a total
cash out flow of Rs. 1964.76 lakhs representing dividend p ayout of 9.36% of the comp any’s st andalone net profit comp ared to
Rs. 1569.29 lakhs representing dividend p ayout of 7.14% in the previous year .
In compliance to the Income Tax Act, 1961, dividend p aid or distributed by the comp any shall be t axable in the hands of the shareholders.
Accordingly, the company shall make the p ayment of dividend af ter deduction of t ax at source at the rates prescribed in the Income Tax Act,
1961 to those shareholders whose name will appear in the Register of Members/ depository records as at the closing hours of business on
Record Date i.e Tuesday, 23.09.2025. For the prescribed rates, the shareholders may also refer to the notes section of the Notice of the
ensuing AGM which forms p art of this Annual Report.
In terms of Regulation 43A  of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Comp any have formulated and adopted the
company’s Dividend Distribution Policy (DD Policy). The DD Policy set s out factors to be considered by the Board in determining the nature
and quantum of the dividend to it s equity shareholders as well as enable the Comp any to strike balance between p ay-out and ret ained
earnings, in order to address future needs of the Comp any. The same is available on the Comp any’s website at 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/Dividend-Distribution-Policy .pdf.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
During the financial year under review , the Company on a standalone basis spent (Excluding Advances and Int angibles) Rs. 21225.88 Lakh
towards capital expenditure against Rs. 38209.96 Lakh in the previous financial year . This mainly comprises of regular capit al expenditure at
various plant locations & comp any offices, manufacturing cap acity expansion including setting up sep arate line for manufacturing of knuckle
at the existing manufacturing facility of the Comp any in Mehsana, Gujarat.

[page 26]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
23
SHARE CAPITAL
As on 31.03.2025, the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capit al of the comp any was Rs. 15,69,29,325/- {divided into 156929325 equity
shares of Face V alue (FV) Rs. 1/- each}.
The Allotment Committee of the Board in it s meeting held on 23.06.2025 had approved the allotment of 2,51,100 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/
- each at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity share to the employees of the Comp any who have exercised their stock options under “S teel
Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021” (ESOS 2021). Consequently , the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capit al of
the Company increased from Rs. 15,69,29,325/- (divided into 156929325 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each) to Rs. 15,71,80,425/- (divided into
157180425 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each).
Thus, as on date of this report, the Issued and Paid-up Equity Share Capit al of the comp any st ands at Rs. 15,71,80,425/- (divided into
157180425 equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each).
Confirmations:
a) During the financial year under review , the Company has not:
i. issued any debentures or bonds
ii. issued equity shares with dif ferential voting right s as to dividend, voting or otherwise
iii. issued any sweat equity shares to it s Directors or employees
iv. made any changes in voting right s
v. reduced its share capit al or bought back it s shares
vi. changed the capit al structure resulting from restructuring
vii. failed to implement any corporate action
viii. issued warrant s or convertible securities
ix. made any changes in it s authorised share capit al
b) The disclosure pert aining to explanation for any deviation or variation in connection with cert ain terms of a public issue, right s issue,
preferential issue, etc. is not applicable to the Comp any.
CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
During the financial year under review , there has been no change in the nature of business of the Comp any.
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME
The company has one ongoing Employee S tock Option Scheme titled as “S teel Strips Wheels Limited – Employee S tock Option Scheme,
2021” (“ESOS 2021”). The details of ESOS 2021 are given herein below:
During the FY  2024-25, the Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) of the Comp any in it s meeting held on 13.03.2025, had granted
5,00,000 options to eligible employees of the Comp any under Tranche 3 of ESOS 2021. Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1)
equity share of face value Rs. 1/- each of the Comp any at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. The Options granted shall vest af ter
completion of one(1) year from the date of grant i.e. on 13.03.2026 and exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire
on completion of five (5) years from the date of grant.
As on the date of this report, the Allotment Committee of the Comp any in its meeting held on 23.06.2025 had allotted 2,51,100 Equity Shares
of face value of Rs. 1/- each, at an Exercise Price of Rs. 20/- per equity share to the employees of the Comp any who have exercised their
stock options under “S teel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021” (ESOS 2021). These Equity Shares ranked Pari-
Passu with the existing Equity Shares of the Comp any in all respect s.
Further, there were no material changes in the ongoing Employee S tock Option Scheme of the Comp any in compliance with SEBI (Share
Based Employee Benefit s and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 {SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021}. The said scheme is in compliance
with SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefit s and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, including any amendment(s) thereof. The necessary
disclosure as stipulated under Regulation 14 read with Part F of Schedule I of the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021 with regard to “ESOS
2021” is available on the website of the Comp any under the web-link: 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/sswl-disclosure-regarding-esos/ .
Pursuant to Regulation 13 of SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021, a Certificate from Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka (Practicing Company Secretary),
Proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates, Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any confirming that the ESOS 2021 has been implemented in
accordance with the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 2021 and in accordance with the resolution p assed by the members of the Comp any in
their AGM held on 30.09.2021, would be placed at the ensuing AGM of the Comp any.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is firmly committed to the principles of good corporate governance and believes that st atutory compliances and transp arency
are necessary to enhance the shareholder ’s value. In compliance with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a sep arate section on Corporate
Governance and a certificate from the Comp any’s Statutory Auditors, confirming compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance as
stipulated under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is included and forms an integral p art of this Annual Report.

[page 27]
24
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Management Discussion and Analysis (MDA) Report for the
financial year under review is presented in a sep arate section forming p art of this Annual Report.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION
The Company has complied with all the applicable Health & Safety st andards, Environment Laws and Labour Laws and has been t aking all
necessary measures to protect the environment and provide workers a safe working environment. The Company is committed for continual
improvement in Health & Safety as well as Environment al protection by involving all the employees.
During the financial year 2024-25, your comp any undertook several initiatives to enhance employee health and well-being. A dedicated
“wellness and medit ation center” remained in focus, of fering gym and yoga facilities to promote physical fitness and relaxation among
employees. Regular health checkup s, including BMI assessment s, ensured that employees were aware of their physical health st atus and
could take proactive steps to improve it. In context to the World Health Day, the company organized interactive sessions with Dieticians, S tep-
Challenge, First Aid Workshop, Dent al Camp and Chair Yoga sessions for the employees. To address ment al health, stress management/
recreational activities were organized from time to time, providing employees with ef fective coping strategies. Additionally, ment al health
awareness week was organized on the occasion of Ment al Health day. Further, employees have been provided with private plat form titled as
“Connect to Reconnect” whereby they can ventilate their feelings and are able to att ain proper work life balance. Moreover , health talks with
doctors were arranged, of fering valuable insight s and personalized advice on maint aining a healthy and active lifestyle. Employees have
been encouraged to practice safety in all their activities in and out of Comp any premises. Continuous safety training is conducted at all levels
and special emphasis is given to implement ation of safety work st andards.
The Company has also t aken several new initiatives regarding environment conservation and protection. The initiatives include solar plant,
hybrid power, ETP/STP/RO cap acity expansion across it s manufacturing facilities.
HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT
The Company has continuously adopted structures and practices that help in attracting best external t alent and promote internal talent to take
higher roles and responsibilities. The Company’s people centric focus is providing an open work environment fostering continuous improvement,
learning and development among the employees of the Comp any. The Comp any provides a holistic environment where employees get
opportunities to realize their potential. The Company’s performance driven culture help s and motivates employees to excel in their respective
areas and progress within the organization.
The company has structured appraisal system in place which serves as a key performance metric and is used to identify , improve and control
a business’s various functions and resulting outcomes. This system further ensures alignment of individual performance with organizational
objectives, thereby, driving sust ained growth and excellence.
DISCLOSURE ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment at workplace. The Company has formulated & adopted a policy on Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of W omen at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules framed thereunder , as amended from time to time. The policy is gender
neutral and all employees (including permanent, contractual & temporary trainees) are covered under this policy .
The Company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaint s Committee under the Sexual Harassment of
Women at W orkplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
The disclosures relating to the Sexual Harassment of W omen at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, is as under:
Number of complaint s of sexual harassment received in the year 1
Number of complaint s disposed of f during the year 1
Number of cases pending for more than 90 (ninety) days NIL
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY
Composition of the Board of Directors
The composition of the Board of the comp any is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Section
149 of the Act. The Board of Directors consist s of optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors including Independent
Directors & Women Independent Directors who have wide and varied experience in the field of Engineering, Finance, Business Management,
Administration, Human Resource, Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry , Commerce, Education, Taxation, etc. As on 31.03.2025,
the Company’s Board consisted of twelve (12) Directors. Of the said twelve Directors:-
a) three (3) (i.e. 25%) are Executive Directors(EDs) (one ED belonging to promoter category);
b) nine (9) (i.e. 75%) are Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) as per the following det ails:-
• two (2) (i.e. 16.67%) are Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors out of which one (1) is Non-Executive Chairman belonging to
promoter category and;
• six (6) (i.e. 50%) are Non-Executive Independent Directors (including two W omen Independent Director); and
• remaining one (1) (8.33%) is Nominee Director [Nominated by Tata Steel Limited (Equity Investor)]

[page 28]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
25
Changes in the Board of Directors during the FY 2024-25
»
Appointments/Re-appointments approved at the 38th Annual General Meeting of the Comp any:
During the financial year under review , the members of the Comp any approved the following appointment/re-appointment s of Directors at
their 38 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 30.09.2024:
• Appointment of Sh. Mohan Joshi as a Director (DIN: 07526082) of the Comp any.
• Appointment of Sh. Mohan Joshi (DIN: 07526082) as an Executive Director of the Comp any, designated as Deputy Managing Director ,
for a period of five (5) years ef fective from 29.08.2024 to 28.08.2029.
• Appointment of Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna (DIN: 10744212) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for a term of five (5) consecutive
years effective from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
• Re-appointment and continuation of Directorship of Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a (DIN: 00154404), as an Independent Director of the
Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 till 30.09.2029.
• Re-appointment of Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha (DIN: 02289613) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for the second term of five (5)
consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 till 30.09.2029, notwithst anding that he has att ained the age of seventy-five (75) years.
• Re-appointment of Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy (DIN: 08763741) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for a second term of five (5)
consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 till 30.09.2029.
• Continuation of Directorship of Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni (DIN: 08263029) as Nominee Director of Tata Steel Limited (Equity
Investor of the comp any) on the Board of the Comp any for a period of five (5) consecutive years with ef fect from 01.04.2024 till
31.03.2029.
» Resignation / Cessation of Directors:
During the financial year under review , following persons ceased to be directors of the comp any:-
• Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan (DIN: 02498195) due to his age, stepped down from the post of Deputy Managing Director (Executive
Director) of the Comp any with ef fect from close of business hours of 10.06.2024.
• Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi (DIN: 00035408) had expressed his unwillingness for re-appointment for the second term as an Independent
Director of the comp any upon completion of his first term of consecutive five (5) years on 30.09.2024, due to his pre-occup ation and
other personal commitment s. Therefore, he ceased to be Independent Director of the Comp any with ef fect from 01.10.2024.
The Board has placed on record it s deepest appreciation for the leadership and invaluable contributions made by both Sh. Andra Veetil
Unnikrishnan and Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, through their respective roles.
Re-appointment of Directors Retiring By Rot ation:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder , as amended from time to time, and Articles of Association
of the Company, Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman & Non-Executive Director and Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591)
Executive Director of the Company are liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing 39th AGM of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves
for re-appointment. As per the terms of appointment of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain as approved by the members at their 37 th AGM, his
re-appointment at the 39 th AGM as a Director retiring by rot ation would not constitute break in his appointment as Executive Director of the
Company. The term and conditions of appointment including remuneration of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain would be governed as per the approval
granted by the members at their 37 th AGM held on 23.08.2023.
Based on the performance evaluation and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC), the Board recommends
their re-appointment for your approval.
Brief profile and necessary det ails of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director and Sh. Manohar Lal
Jain (DIN: 00034591) Executive Director of the Comp any, as required under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Secret arial Standard-
2 on General meetings are cont ained in the Notice convening the ensuing 39 th AGM of the Comp any.
Continuation of Directorship
Pursuant to Regulation 17 (1A) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, no listed entity shall appoint a person or continue the directorship of
any person as a non-executive director who has att ained the age of seventy-five years unless a special resolution is p assed to that effect, in
which case the explanatory st atement annexed to the notice for such motion shall indicate the justification for appointing such a person.
Further, pursuant to the provision of the Section 152 of the Act, Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (aged 82 years) (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and
Non-Executive Director of the Comp any is liable to retire by rot ation at the ensuing 39 th Annual General Meeting of the comp any and being
eligible, of fers himself for re-appointment.
Accordingly, basis the significant growth and success achieved by the comp any under his visionary leadership and recommendation of the
NRC, the Board of Directors of the Comp any in their meeting held on 01.08.2025 has proposed to the members for the continuation of
directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (aged 82 years) (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the Comp any, till the
date he retires by rotation in terms of Section 152 of the Act, by way of special resolution at the ensuing 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM)
of the Comp any.

[page 29]
26
The explanatory st atement annexed to the notice for the re-appointment and continuation of directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, also
indicates the justification as re quired under the Regulation 17(1A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Re-appointment & Continuation of Independent Directors:
The members of the company in their 35th AGM held on 30.09.2021 had appointed Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent
Director of the comp any for the period commencing from 09.1 1.2020 to 30.09.2025.
Accordingly, his first term of appointment as an Independent Director of the Comp any is coming to an end on 30.09.2025. Sh. Siddharth
Bansal is eligible for re-appointment, subject to the approval of the members by way of special resolution.
During his first term as an Independent Director of the Company, he provided valuable insights towards the company’s strategic and accounting
matters. His experience and professional judgement have significantly benefitted the Board’s functioning. Accordingly, taking into consideration
the skills, expertise and competencies required for the Board in the context of the business of the Company, and on the basis of recommendation
of NRC, the Board of Directors in it s meeting held on 01.08.2025, approved the re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal as the Independent
Director of the comp any to hold office for a second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2025 till 30.09.2030, subject to the
approval of the members at the ensuing 39 th AGM.
The explanatory st atement annexed to the notice of the ensuing AGM indicates the justification, as required under provisions of the SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 and the Act, for the aforesaid re-appointment alongwith with his brief profile.
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
During the financial year under review , the following changes occurred in the Key Managerial Personnel of the comp any:-
• Sh. Andra V eetil Unnikrishnan stepped down from the post of Executive Director (designated as Deputy Managing Director) of the
company with ef fect from the close of business hours of 10.06.2024.
• Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as Executive Director of the company designated as Deputy Managing Director with effect from 29.08.2024.
• Sh. Shaman Jindal was relieved from the post of the Comp any Secretary and Compliance of ficer of the comp any with effect from close
of business hours of 29.10.2024 to enable him to devote his more time into strategic initiatives and critical areas including other core &
high priority responsibilities of the comp any. Presently, he is associated with the comp any as President (Commercials).
• Ms. Kanika Sapra was appointed as the Comp any Secretary and Compliance of ficer of the comp any with ef fect from 30.10.2024.
In addition to above, Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director of the comp any who was also appointed as the compliance of ficer of the
company by the Board of Directors in it s meeting held on 27.08.2013, was relieved from the post of compliance of ficer of the comp any with
effect from 17.01.2025 by the Board of Directors in it s meeting held on 17.01.2025. He continues to be the Executive Director of the
Company.
Thus, pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(51) and Section 203 of the Act read with the Comp anies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the following are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Comp any as on the 31.03.2025 as well as
on the date of this report:
• Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director ;
• Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive Director (Deputy Managing Director) ;
• Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director ;
• Sh. Naveen Sorot, Chief Financial Of ficer (CFO) and
• Ms. Kanika Sapra, Comp any Secretary & Compliance Of ficer
During the financial year under review , none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Comp any had any material pecuniary
relationship or transactions with the Comp any apart from the remuneration, sitting fees and dividend declared by the Comp any on the shares
held, if any, by them.
DETAILS OF COMP ANIES WHICH HA VE BECOME OR CEASED T O BE ITS SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE
COMPANIES DURING THE FINANCIAL  YEAR
During the financial year under review , no company has become or ceased to be a subsidiary , joint venture or Associate of the Comp any.
DEPOSITS FROM PUBLIC
During the financial year 2024-25, the Comp any has not accepted any deposits from public within the meaning of Section 73 and 74 of the Act
read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (including any amendment s thereof) and, as such, no amount on account of
principal or interest on deposit from public was out standing as on the date of this report.
SIGNIFICANT AND MA TERIAL ORDERS P ASSED BY  THE REGULA TORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMP ACTING THE GOING
CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
During the financial year under re view, there were no significant and material orders p assed by the Regulators or Court s or Tribunals
impacting the going concern st atus and Comp any’s operations in future.

[page 30]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
27
CREDIT RATING
The det ails pert aining to credit ratings obt ained by the Comp any during the financial year under review are provided in the Corporate
Governance Report, which forms p art of this Annual Report and the same have been placed at the website of the Comp any at https://
sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/CreditRating-02Jan2025IndiaRatingsResearch.pdf .
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Board has adopted the policies and procedures for ensuring the orderly and ef ficient conduct of it s business, including adherence to the
Company’s policies, the safeguarding of it s assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely prep aration of reliable financial information(s).
The Financial S tatements of the Comp any are prep ared on the basis of the Significant Accounting Policies that are approved by the Audit
Committee and the Board of the Comp any. These Accounting policies are reviewed and updated from time to time.
The preparation and present ation of the financial st atements of the comp any is pursuant to the control criteria as defined considering the
essential component s of Internal control st ated in the “Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial controls over Financial reporting” issued
by the Institute of Chartered account ants of India (ICAI). The Internal Financial Controls of the comp any with reference to the Financial
Statements were adequate, operating ef fectively and commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of it s operations.
Further, the Audit Committee monitors the adequacy and ef fectiveness of your Comp any’s internal control framework. And, the efficacy of the
Internal financial controls has also been verified by the S tatutory Auditors of the Comp any.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
The Company has adequate internal control procedures commensurate with size and nature of it s business. These internal policies ensure
efficient use and protection of the asset s and resources, compliances with policies and st atutes and ensure reliability as well as promptness
of financial and operational report s. The Internal auditor of the Comp any makes continuous assessment of the adequacy and ef fectiveness
of the internal controls and systems across the Comp any.
The Audit committee and the Management of the Company reviews the adequacy of the Internal Control functions of the Comp any, significant
audit observations, if any made by Internal Auditor, and suggests corrective actions and monitors the sust ainability of those actions, as may
be required from time to time.
To enhance ef fective internal control system, the Comp any has laid down following measures:
• The Company’s Books of accounts are maintained in SAP and transactions are executed through SAP (ERP) setups to ensure correctness/
effectiveness of all transactions, integrity and reliable reporting.
• Adherence to accounting policies.
• The Company has in place a well-defined Whistle Blower Policy/V igil Mechanism.
• Compliance of secret arial functions is ensured by way of Secret arial Audit.
• Internal Audit is being done for providing assist ance in improvising financial control framework.
• The Company has adequate risk management policy .
• Code of Conduct and other policies.
• Physical verification of inventory/stock (stock audit).
During the financial year under review , neither the Audit Committee nor the Internal Auditor has made any significant deficiencies in relation
to the efficiency and ef fectiveness of such controls.
AUDIT COMMITTEE AND OTHER COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The details pertaining to composition of Audit Committee and other committees constituted by the Board of Directors of the Comp any as per
the provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 are provided in the Corporate Governance Report which forms p art of this
Annual Report.
Further, during the financial year under review, there were no instances when the recommendations of Audit Committee were not accepted by
the Board.
VIGIL MECHANISM AND WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
In compliance with the provisions of Section 177(9) & (10) of the Act and in accordance with Regulation 22 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015, the Company has adopted a policy named “V igil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy” for it s employees and directors, which aims at
building & strengthening a culture of transp arency and trust throughout the organization. The said policy is also available on the comp any’s
website at 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/whistleblower .pdf.
The Vigil mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of directors or employees who avail the mechanism and also
provides for direct access to the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of the Audit committee in appropriate and exceptional cases. It is af firmed
that no person has been deni ed access to the Audit Committee.

[page 31]
28
During the financial year under review , no incident s were reported under the above mechanism. The additional det ails pert aining to V igil
Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy of the Comp any are available in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms p art of this Annual
Report.
NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
During the financial year under review , six (6) Meetings of the Board were convened and held, det ails of which are provided in the Corporate
Governance Report, which forms p art of this Annual Report. The intervening gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed 120
days, as prescribed under the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY  STATEMENT
Pursuant to the requirement of Section 134(5) of the Act and based on the represent ations, information and explanations received from the
management, and af ter due enquiry , the Directors of the Comp any hereby confirm that:
• in the prep aration of the annual account s for the financial year 2024-25, the applicable accounting st andards have been followed and
there are no material dep artures;
• they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgement s and estimates that are reasonable
and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the st ate of affairs of the Comp any at the end of the financial year 2024-25 and of the
profit of the Comp any for that period;
• they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the
Act for safeguarding the asset s of the Comp any and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
• they have prep ared the annual account s on a going concern basis;
• they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Comp any and that such internal financial controls are adequate and
operating effectively; and
• they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems were adequate
and operating ef fectively.
The aforesaid st atement has also been reviewed and confirmed by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Comp any.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
In accordance with Section 149(7) of the Act read with Schedule IV and Regulation 25(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, all the Independent
Directors of the Comp any have submitted their declaration that they meet the criteria of Independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the
Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015, and have also confirmed that they are not aware of any circumst ance or
situation, which exist s or may be reasonably anticip ated, that could imp air or imp act their ability to discharge their duties with an objective
independent judgement and without any external influence. They have also confirmed that they are not debarred from holding the of fice of
Director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other authority .
In terms of the provisions of the Regulation 25(9) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Board of directors of the comp any reviewed and
assessed the aforesaid declarations and made an opinion during the financial year 2024-25 that all the Independent Directors of the Comp any
hold highest st andards of integrity and possess requisite proficiency , expertise and experience required to fulfill their duties as Independent
Directors.
In terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Comp anies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended,
all the Independent Directors of the Company have confirmed that they have registered themselves with the Independent Directors’  Databank
maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs(“IICA”).
In compliance to the aforesaid provisions, the Independent Directors are also required to p ass online proficiency self-assessment test
conducted by IICA  within a period of 2 (two) years from the date of inclusion of their names in the dat abank, unless they meet the criteria
specified for exemption.
Accordingly, Sh. V irander Kumar Arya, Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy and Sh. Siddharth Bansal have p assed the said online proficiency self-
assessment test while the rest of the Independent Directors of the comp any are exempt from the requirement to undert ake the said test.
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY FOR DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND OTHER EMPLOYEES
The Company strongly believes that human resources which manage the other resources have infinite potential and therefore, their development
is the key to organizational effectiveness. The Company is committed to integrate human resources with organisational growth and development
for mutual benefit. Accordingly, the Board of Directors has adopted and approved the Nomination and Remuneration Policy for the Directors,
Key Managerial Personnel and other employees of the Company as framed and recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
(NRC) pursuant to applicable provisions under the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
The said policy on Directors’ appointment and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence
of a Director and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is available
on the website of the Comp any under the link  
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/nomination.pdf . The salient features
of the said policy are set out in the Corporate Governance Report which forms p art of this Annual Report.

[page 32]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
29
AUDIT RELATED MATTERS
» STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THEIR REPORT
M/s AKR & Associates, Chartered Account ants (ICAI Firm Registration Number 021 179N), S tatutory Auditors of the Comp any, were
re-appointed by the members of the Comp any at their 36 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 30, 2022 for second term of 5
(five) consecutive years i.e. st arting from the conclusion of 36 th AGM of the company till the conclusion of 41 st AGM of the Company to be held
in the year 2027.
The Reports issued by the Statutory Auditors’ on the Annual Accounts of the company for the financial year ended 31.03.2025 form p art of this
Annual Report. They are self-explanatory and do not cont ain any qualification, reservations or adverse remarks or disclaimers and therefore,
needs no comment s. The Board of Directors places on record it s sincere appreciation for the valuable services rendered by M/s AKR &
Associates, Statutory Auditors of the Comp any during financial the year under review .
»
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,
the Board of Directors of the Comp any, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, had appointed Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, a Practicing
Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS 4241; Certificate of Practice No. 3582 and Peer Review No 1057/2021), proprietor of M/s S. K.
Sikka & Associates, as Secret arial Auditor to undert ake the Secret arial Audit of the Comp any for the FY  2024-25.
The Secretarial Auditor of the comp any issued the following report s for the financial year 2024-25:-
• Secretarial Audit Report
The Secretarial Audit Report submitted by the Secretarial Auditor in Form MR-3 is annexed herewith the Board’s Report as Annexure-I.
• Annual Secret arial Compliance Report
Pursuant to Regulation 24 A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, read with the SEBI Master Circulars issued from time to time,
the Annual Secretarial Compliance Report of the company for the financial year 2024-25 has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges
well within 60 days of the end of the financial year and the same is also annexed herewith the Board’ s Report as Annexure-II.
There were no qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks in the aforesaid Report s and therefore needs no comment by the Board of
Directors of the Comp any.
The provisions of Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, were amended vide Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2024 dated 12.12.2024, which, inter alia, st ate that with ef fect
from 01.04.2025, every listed entity is required to appoint a Practicing Comp any Secret ary for not more than one term of five consecutive
years or a firm of Practicing Comp any Secret aries as Secret arial Auditors for not more than two terms of five consecutive years, with the
approval of the members at its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and such Secret arial Auditors(s) must be a peer reviewed company secretary
and should not have incurred any of the disqualifications as specified under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Further , the said regulation
also provides that any association of the individual or the firm as the Secret arial Auditor(s) of the Comp any before 31.03.2025 shall not be
considered for the purpose of calculating the tenure of the Secret arial Auditor(s).
Accordingly, taking into account the above requirement s and the consideration of factors such as technical skills, independence, industry
experience, expertise, quality of audit practices, and p ast association with the Comp any and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,
the Board, at it s Meeting held on 01.08.2025, subject to the approval of the Members of the Comp any, approved the appointment of
Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secret ary (Membership No. FCS 4241, Certificate of Practice No. 3582 and Peer Review
Certificate no.: 1057/2021) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company, to hold office for a term of five
(5) consecutive years from the conclusion of this 39th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 44th Annual General Meeting of the
Company to be held in the year 2030, covering the period commencing from the April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030.
Information about the proposed appointment of Secret arial Auditor is given in the Notice of the ensuing AGM which forms part of this Annual
Report.
•
MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS AND AUDIT THEREOF
None of the product s manufactured by the Comp any were covered under the product s prescribed for maintenance of cost records as per
Section 148 of the Act read with the Comp anies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, during the financial year 2023-24. Accordingly, the
requirement for maintenance of cost records and cost audit was not applicable to the Comp any for the financial year 2024-25.
DETAILS IN RESPECT OF FRAUDS REPORTED BY  AUDITORS OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE REPORT ABLE T O CENTRAL
GOVERNMENT
During the financial year under review , the Statutory Auditor, Secretarial Auditor and Internal Auditor of the Comp any have not reported any
offence of fraud which is being or has been committed in the Comp any by it s officers or employees to the Audit Committee under section
143(12) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder .
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
During the financial year under review , your Comp any has duly complied with the provisions of the applicable Secret arial Standards i.e.
Secretarial Standard-1 (SS-1) on “Meetings of Board of Directors” and Secret arial Standard-2 (SS-2) on “General Meetings”, issued by the
Institute of Comp anies Secret aries of India (ICSI), as amended time to time.

[page 33]
30
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS
During the financial year under review , no loans and guarantees were made by the Comp any under Section 186 of the Act and Rules framed
thereunder (including any amendment s thereof) and Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
However, during the financial year under review , the comp any made a further investment of Rs. 693.10 lakhs, subscribing to 32193 equity
shares of FV Rs. 10/- each, by way of right s issue in Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL), Associate Comp any. Pursuant to this
investment, the Comp any’s aggregate investment in CMAPL  stands at 26% i.e. 57151 equity shares of FV Rs. 10/- each.
The details of the same are given in the Note no. 6 to the st andalone financial st atements of the Company forming part of this Annual Report.
THE DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
(31 OF 2016)
During the financial year under review, there was no application made or any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016 (31 of 2016).
THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE
VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF
During the financial year under review , the Comp any has not made any one-time settlement for loans t aken from the Banks or Financial
Institutions. Therefore, it is not applicable.
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENT WITH RELATED PARTIES
During the financial year under review , all contract s / arrangement s / transactions entered into by the Comp any with related p arties were in
the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis and there were no material related party contracts / arrangements / transactions
entered by the Company with related parties. Further, the related party transactions undert aken by the Company during the year under review
were in compliance with the provisions set out in the Act read with the rules issued thereunder and Regulation 23 of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
Accordingly, no details are required to be provided in Form AOC-2 prescribed under clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and
Rule 8(2) of the Comp anies (Account s) Rules, 2014. The Form AOC-2 is annexed as Annexure III to the Board Report.
All related p arty transactions were placed before the Audit Committee for their prior approval in accordance with the requirement s of the
applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary det ails for each of the Related Party Transactions as
applicable along with the justification were provided to the Audit Committee in terms of the Comp any’s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing
with Related Party Transactions and as required under SEBI Master Circulars as issued from time to time. The Audit Committee, during the
FY 2024-25, has approved related party transactions along with granting omnibus approval in line with the policy of the Company on materiality
of Related Party Transactions and dealing with related p arty transactions and the applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules issued
thereunder and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (including any st atutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in
force). The transactions entered into pursuant to such approval were placed periodically before the Audit Committee as well as Board of
Directors of the Comp any.
The policy on materiality of related p arty transactions and dealing with related p arty transactions as approved and adopted by the Board is
uploaded on the website of the Company under the link 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/relatedpartytransaction.pdf .
Disclosure as required under IND AS 24 has been made in Note 41 of the both S tandalone Financial S tatements and Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Comp any forming p art of this Annual Report.
None of the Directors has any pecuniary relationship s or transactions vis-à-vis the Comp any except remuneration (including commission),
sitting fees and dividend on the shares, if any , held by them.
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL  POSITION OF THE COMP ANY WHICH HA VE OCCURRED
BETWEEN THE END OF FINANCIAL  YEAR 2024-25 AND THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
No material changes and commitment s affecting the financial position of the Comp any have occurred between the end of the financial year
2024-25 to which the financial st atements of the Comp any relate and the date of this report.
THE CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
A statement giving det ails of conservation of energy/technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo in terms of Section
134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 (3) of the Comp anies (Account s) Rules, 2014, forms p art of this report and is annexed herewith as
Annexure-IV.
RISK MANAGEMENT
Pursuant to Regulation 21 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, your Comp any has constituted a Risk Management Committee (RMC) to
frame, implement and monitor the risk management plan for the Comp any. The RMC is responsible for reviewing the risk management plan
and ensuring it s effectiveness.
The RMC of the Comp any has been entrusted by the Board with the responsibility of formulating a framework to identify the risks and it s
mitigation plans, reviewing the risk management process in the Comp any and ensuring that the risks are brought within accept able limit s.
The details of the Committee and it s terms of reference are set up in the Corporate Governance Report forming p art of this Annual Report.

[page 34]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
31
The Company has developed and implemented a Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Board in its meeting held
on 24.04.2024, have re viewed the Risk Management Policy as required under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
The Risk Management Policy , inter alia, includes identification, mitigation and controlling of various risks which in the opinion of the Board
may threaten the existence of the Comp any. However, no such risks were identified which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the
existence of the Comp any.
Major risks identified by the businesses and functions are systematically addressed through mitigating actions on a continuing basis. Further ,
the said identified risks which may have an impact on the Company’s operations, alongwith its mitigation plans are disclosed in the Management
Discussion and Analysis, which forms p art of this Annual report.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
In compliance with Section 135 and in consonance with Schedule VII of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment(s)
thereof), the Comp any has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR Committee). However , to include the role of
“monitoring of sust ainability initiatives” undert aken by the Company in line with the Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (LODR)Regulations, 2015,
the nomenclature of the CSR committee was changed to Corporate Social Responsibility & Sust ainability (CSRS) Committee in the
FY 2022-23 and accordingly, the Board of Directors have amended the terms of reference of the CSRS committee. The terms of reference of
the CSRS Committee are given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms p art of this report.
The Corporate Social Responsibility & Sust ainability (CSRS) Committee had formulated and recommended to the Board, a Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy (CSR Policy) which was subsequently adopted by it and is being implemented by the Comp any. The CSR Policy of the
company is available on the website of the Comp any at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/csr-policy.pdf.
The Annual Report on CSR activities undert aken by the Comp any in terms of Section 135 of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder ,
including a brief outline of the Comp any’s CSR Policy , is annexed to this Report as Annexure-V. Further, a det ailed report on the CSR
activities undert aken by the comp any during the financial year 2024-25 is available on the comp any’ s website at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/csr/ .
BOARD EVALUATION
In compliance with the provisions of the Act, the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Guidance note on Board evaluation issued by both
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and the Institute of Comp any Secretaries of India (ICSI), the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee (NRC) of the Board of Directors of the Company has carried out a formal annual evaluation of the Board as a whole, its committees
and all the individual directors. Further , the Board of Directors have also carried out the evaluation of the performance of the Board as a
whole, its committees, and all the Individual Directors including Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors, Non-
Independent Directors as well as the Chairperson of the Comp any.
The NRC has defined the evaluation framework based on the aforementioned st atutory provisions and Guidance Notes. The framework
included different tools such as peer to peer evaluation forms and questionnaires, covering various information or criteria required to have the
evaluation. The Board, NRC and all the Individual Directors including Independent Directors performed their p art in the evaluation procedure.
• Evaluation of Board, as a whole : The performance evaluation of the Board as a whole was based on the various criteria, inter alia,
Structure of the Board, Composition and role clarity , Meetings of the Board, functions of the Board, Quality of relationship between
Board and Management, Professional Development, ef fectiveness of Board processes, etc.
• Evaluation of Committees of the Board : The performance evaluation of the Committees of the Board was based on the various criteria,
inter alia, mandate and composition, ef fectiveness, Structure, meetings, Independence, Contribution to decisions of the Board, degree
of fulfillment of key responsibilities, discharge of it s functions and duties as per it s terms of reference, process and procedures followed
for effectively discharging it s functions.
• Evaluation of Individual Directors : The Board and the NRC of the Comp any evaluated the performance of individual directors (including
independent directors) based on criteria such as qualifications, experience, knowledge and competency, fulfillment of functions, Leadership,
integrity including adherence to Code of Conduct of the Comp any, safeguarding of the Confidential information and of interest of Whistle
Blowers under Vigil Mechanism, compliance with policies and disclosures of interest and fulfillment of other obligations imposed by the
law, contribution and initiative, availability , attendance, p articipation and ability to function as a team, commitment, independence,
independent views and judgement and guidance/support to management out side Board, etc.
• Evaluation of Chairperson : The performance evaluation of the Chairperson of the Comp any was based on criteria specified for individual
directors along with additional criteria such as ef fectiveness of leadership and ability to steer the meetings, imp artiality, managing
relationship with the members of the Board and management, relationship and communication within the Board, providing ease of
raising of issues and concerns by the Board members, promoting constructive debate and ef fective decision making at the board,
personal attributes i.e. integrity , honesty, knowledge, etc.
In addition to the above, a sep arate meeting of the Independent Directors (“Annual ID meeting”) was convened on 09.05.2025, in which the
Independent Directors of the company reviewed the performance of the Board (as a whole), the Non-Independent Directors and the Chairperson
of the Comp any.

[page 35]
32
Outcome of Evaluation
The result s of the Evaluation for the financial year under review were shared with the Board, Chairman of respective Committees and
Individual Directors, and they thoroughly deliberated upon them. The findings of evaluation reflected a high level of commitment, independent,
and governance st andards by the Board, it s Committees and it s individual Directors as well as the Chairperson. The Board was found to be
well structured, meetings ef fectively conducted, and the committees of the Board operated ef ficiently in their respective focus areas. The
Individual Directors also showed a greater level of active p articipation, independent judgement and dedication, with the overall performance
of the Board, Committee and each Director rated as highly satisfactory . Lastly, the Directors also expressed satisfaction over the process of
evaluation.
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (‘IEPF’)
Pursuant to section 124, 125 and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting,
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, (“the Rules”), all unp aid or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by the Comp any to
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority post the completion of seven (7) years from the date of transfer of dividend amount
in Unpaid Dividend Account. Similarly, the shares in respect of which dividend has remained unp aid or unclaimed for seven (7) consecutive
years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account(s) of the IEPF Authority.
Accordingly, during the financial year under review , the Comp any, in compliance to the aforesaid provisions, had transferred the unp aid/
unclaimed dividends and corresponding equity shares to the IEPF Authority as follows: -
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of equity shares (FV Rs. 1/-)
2016-17 (Final Dividend) Rs. 9,55,164.00 89329
During the FY 2025-26, the comp any would be transferring unp aid or unclaimed dividend amount for the FY  2017-18 (Final Dividend) within
30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 03.1 1.2025. Further, the Comp any is also required to transfer the equity
shares in respect of which dividends have not been claimed for seven (7) consecutive years from the FY 2017-18 (Final Dividend), to the
demat account of the IEPF Authority. The Comp any has also given individual intimations to concerned shareholders indicating that such
shares shall be transferred to IEPF Authority and also advertised in the newsp apers seeking action from said shareholders. Accordingly, the
concerned members are requested to claim the unp aid/ unclaimed dividend for FY  2017-18 (Final Dividend) on or before 24.10.2025.
Details of dividends that are due for transfer to IEPF for the next 7 (seven) years on their respective due dates, are available in the Notice of
39th AGM forming p art of this Annual Report.
Further, the details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend for the FY  2017-18 (Final) & onwards and the det ails of shares/ shareholders against which
dividends is unp aid/unclaimed for seven consecutive years from the FY  2017-18 (Final) are provided on the website of the Comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/unp aid-dividend/ .
FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECT ORS
The Company has practice of conducting familiarization programmes for the Independent Directors which familiarizes them with their role,
rights, responsibilities, and enables them to have better underst anding of the Comp any, its management, it s operations, it s business model,
the nature of the industry in which it operates, the industry perspective, it s issues, etc. These sessions were delivered upon induction of a new
Director as well as on ongoing basis.
Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015, the Company during the FY 2024-25 had conducted various familiarization
programmes for its Independent Directors which included information on business performance, operations, market share, financial parameters,
working capit al management, fund flows, major litigation, compliances, CSR activities, periodic review of Investment s of the Comp any,
Regulatory updates, Business S trategy, Framework for Related Party Transactions, Economic Environment & Global Scenario, ESG Risks,
Business Entity Risks etc.
The det ails as required under Regulations 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 are available on the website of your Comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/familiarisation-programme-for-independent-directors/ . Further , the det ails in regard with the familiarization
programme are also given in the Corporate Governance Report which forms p art of this Annual Report.
ANNUAL RETURN
In accordance with Section 92(3) & 134(3)(a) of the Act, the Annual Return of the Company for the FY 2024-25 in Form MGT-7 is available on
the website of the Comp any at: 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/annual-return-and-extract-of-annual-return/
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERA TION OF DIRECT ORS / KMP’S / EMPLOYEES
The Disclosure required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure-VI to this report.
Further, the statement containing particulars of employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forming p art of this report, shall be open for inspection
at the Registered Of fice of the Comp any during working hours of twenty-one (21) days before the ensuing AGM. In terms of Section 136(1)
of the Act, the Annual Report is being sent to the Shareholders, excluding the aforesaid st atement. In case any shareholder is interested in

[page 36]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
33
obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary of the company. The said statement has also been uploaded on the website
of the Comp any at https://sswlindia.com/investor/  in terms of section 136 (1) of the Act.
Further, neither the Managing Director nor any of the Executive Directors of the Comp any received any remuneration or commission from the
subsidiary Comp any.
CONFIRMATION WITH RESPECT T O THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS AND BOARD’S REPORT FOR THE PRECEEDING
FINANCIAL YEARS
There was no revision of financial st atements and Board’s Report of the Comp any for the preceding three(3) financial years.
COMPLIANCE TO THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE MATERNITY BENEFITS ACT, 1961
The Company has ensured compliance with the provisions of The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and any amendment thereof from time to time.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY  AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT (“BRSR”)
In compliance with Regulation 34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Business Responsibility and Sust ainability Report (BRSR) for
the financial year ended 31.03.2025, forms p art of this Annual Report. The said BRSR describes the initiatives t aken by the Company from an
environmental, social and governance perspective, alongside reflecting the comp any’s commitment towards sust ainable business practices.
The BRSR Core disclosures have been reasonably assured by an Independent external agency “Intertek India Private Limited”.
INSURANCE
All properties and insurable interest s of your Comp any including building and plant & machinery are adequately insured.
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS WITH THE PERSONNEL  OF THE COMPANY
The industrial relations scenario continued to be largely positive across all the manufacturing locations and the Comp any has continued to
maintain cordial and harmonious relations with it s employees at all levels. As a result of it, the Comp any is thriving to achieve growth and
greater height s in the times to come.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board of Directors wish to place on record their sincere gratitude for the continued co-operation and support, the Comp any received from
various departments of the Central and State Government, Bankers, Financial Institutions, Dealers and Suppliers. The Board also expresses
its gratitude to the valued customers, members, and the investing public for their unwavering trust and confidence reposed in the Comp any
and looks forward to their continued support in the future. The Board also acknowledges and appreciates the commitment, dedication and
contribution made by the employees at all levels towards growth and success of the Comp any in all fields.
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 01.08.2025 (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh  Chairman
 DIN: 00034827

[page 37]
34
Annexure-I
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL  YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Comp anies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Comp anies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Village Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi,
Distt. SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab- 140506
I have conducted the Secret arial Audit of the compliance of applicable st atutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by
Steel Strips Wheels Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable
basis for evaluating the corporate conduct s/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of Comp any’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maint ained by the Comp any
and also the information provided by the Comp any, its officers, agents and authorized represent atives during the conduct of secret arial audit,
the explanations and clarifications given to me and the represent ations made by the Management, I hereby report that in my opinion, the
Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended March 31, 2025, complied with the st atutory provisions listed
hereunder and also that the Comp any has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and
subject to other reporting made hereinaf ter.
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maint ained by the Company for the financial year
ended on March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of:
1) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
2) The Securities Contract s (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
3) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws framed thereunder;
4) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment,
Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings. There were no Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment
and External Commercial Borrowings transactions during the Audit period;
5) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Subst antial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 201 1;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capit al and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable
to the Company during the audit period)
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the
Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the Comp any during the audit period)
e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefit s and Sweat equity) Regulations, 2021
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable
to the Company during the audit period)
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Comp any
during the audit period)  and
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Comp any during
the audit period)
6) The Company has complied with the following laws applicable specifically to the Comp any:

[page 38]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
35
a) The Petroleum Act 1934/Petroleum Rules 1976;
b) Hazardous and Other W astes (Management & Transboundary Movement) Rules 2016;
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards with respect to Board and General Meetings issued by The Institute of Comp any Secretaries of India (ICSI); and
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Comp any with BSE Limited and The National S tock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), and
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI LODR Regulations}.
During the period under review the Comp any has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, S tandards, etc.
mentioned above.
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent
Directors. The changes in the composition of Board of Directors that took place during the financial year under review , were carried out in
compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice has been given to all the Directors to schedule the board meetings during the financial year under review , agenda and
detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven (7) days in advance for meetings other than those held at shorter notice, and a system
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful p articipation
at the meeting.
As per the minutes of the meetings, all decisions at the Board and Committee Meetings, as represented by management, were t aken
unanimously.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company
to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
I further report that  during the audit period there were following specific event s / actions having major bearing on the Comp any’s affairs in
pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and st andards etc. and the Company has duly complied with all applicable
laws/rules/regulations with respect to the following:
During the period under review:
• the Company entered into Supplement ary Shareholders Agreement for further investment in the equity shares of it s Associate Company
i.e. Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL), a S pecial Purpose V ehicle engaged in the business of production, generation, supply
and distribution of wind, solar and/or hybrid power . The company made a further investment of Rs. 693.10 lakhs, subscribing to 32193
equity shares of FV Rs. 10/- each, by way of right s issue in CMAPL, Associate Comp any. Post to this investment, the Comp any’s
aggregate shareholding in CMAPL  stands at 26% i.e. 57151 equity shares of FV Rs. 10/- each;
• the Comp any launched a new product i.e. Aluminum Steering Knuckle, and commenced it s commercial production at the comp any’s
existing manufacturing facility located at Mehsana, Gujarat with ef fect from November 05, 2024.
I further report that during the audit period, there were no inst ances of:
(i) Public / Right s / Preferential issue of shares /debentures / sweat equity .
(ii) Redemption / buy-back of securities.
(iii) Major decisions t aken by the members in pursuance to section 180 of the Comp anies Act, 2013
(iv) Merger / amalgamation / reconstruction, etc.
(v) Foreign technical collaborations.
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure A’ and forms an integral p art of this report.
For S. K. SIKKA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secret aries
Place: Chandigarh  (Sushil Kumar Sikka)
Date: 01.08.2025  Company Secretary
 FCS 4241
 CP 3582
Peer Review Certificate No.: 1057/2021
UDIN: F004241G000910278

[page 39]
36
Annexure-A
To,
The Members,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
 Village Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi,
Distt. SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab- 140506
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter .
1. Maintenance of secret arial record is the responsibility of the management of the Comp any. My responsibility is to express an opinion on
these secretarial records based on my audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obt ain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the
contents of the secret arial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct fact s are reflected in secret arial
records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Comp any.
4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening
of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility of Management.
My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secret arial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Comp any nor of the ef ficacy or ef fectiveness with
which the management has conducted the af fairs of the Comp any.
(Sushil Kumar Sikka)
Place: Chandigarh  Company Secretary
Date: 01.08.2025  FCS 4241
 CP 3582

[page 40]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
37
Annexure-II
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT OF STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
To,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Village Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Teh. Derabassi,
Distt. Mohali. Punjab- 140506
I, Sushil Kumar Sikka, Prop. of M/s S. K. Sikka & Associates, have examined:
(a) all the document s and records made available to me and explanation provided by Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the listed entity”),
(b) the filings/ submissions made by the listed entity to the stock exchanges,
(c) website of the listed entity ,
(d) any other document/ filing, as may be relevant, which has been relied upon to make this certification, for the year ended 31st March,
2025 (“Review Period ”) in respect of compliance with the provisions of:
(a) the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued thereunder;
and
(b) the Securities Contract s (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued
thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”);
The specific regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder , have been examined, include:-
(a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 {SEBI LODR Regulations};
(b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capit al and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Review Period)
(c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Subst antial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 201 1;
(d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable to the Comp any during the
Review Period)
(e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021{ SEBI (SBEB) Regulations,
2021};
(f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Review Period)
(g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
(h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Particip ants) Regulations, 2018 to the extent applicable.
and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder;
and based on the above examination, I hereby report that during the Review Period :
(a) The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder , except in
respect of matters specified below: Not Applicable
(b) The listed entity has t aken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous report s: Not Applicable
(c) I hereby report that, during the review period the compliance st atus of the listed entity with the following requirement s:

[page 41]
38
Sr. Particulars Compliance S tatus Observations/
No (Yes/No/NA) Remarks by PCS
1. Secretarial Standards:
The compliances of the listed entity are in accordance with the applicable Secretarial
Standards (SS) issued by the Institute of Comp any Secretaries India (ICSI).
2. Adoption and timely up dation of the Policies:
• All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are adopted with the approval of
board of directors of the listed entities
• All the policies are in conformity with SEBI Regulations and has been reviewed
& timely updated as per the regulations/circulars/guidelines issued by SEBI
3. Maintenance and disclosures on W ebsite:
• The Listed entity is maint aining a functional website
• Timely dissemination of the document s/ information under a sep arate section
on the website
• Web-links provided in annual corporate governance report s under Regulation
27(2) are accurate and specific which re-direct s to the relevant document(s)/
section of the website
4. Disqualification of Director:
None of the Director(s) of the Comp any are disqualified under Section 164 of
Companies Act, 2013
5. Details related to Subsidiaries of listed entities:
(a) Identification of material subsidiary comp anies
(b) Requirements with respect to disclosure of material as well as other subsidiaries
6. Preservation of Document s:
The listed entity is preserving and maint aining records as prescribed under SEBI
Regulations and disposal of records as per Policy of Preservation of Document s
and Archival policy prescribed under SEBI LODR Regulations.
7. Performance Evaluation:
The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation of the Board, Independent
Directors and the Committees at the st art of every financial year as prescribed in
SEBI Regulations
8. Related Party Transactions:
(a) The listed entity has obt ained prior approval of Audit Committee for all related
party transactions;
(b) In case no prior approval obtained, the listed entity shall provide detailed reasons
along with confirmation whether the transactions were subsequently approved/
ratified/rejected by the Audit committee
9. Disclosure of event s or information:
The listed entity has provided all the required disclosure(s) under Regulation 30
along with Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations within the time limit s prescribed
thereunder.
10. Prohibition of Insider T rading:
The listed entity is in compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) SEBI (Prohibition of
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015
11. Actions taken by SEBI or S tock Exchange(s), if any:
No Actions taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ directors/ subsidiaries either
by SEBI or by Stock Exchanges (including under the Standard Operating Procedures
issued by SEBI through various circulars) under SEBI Regulations and circulars/
guidelines issued thereunder
YES -
YES -
YES -
YES -
YES -
YES -
YES -
NA The Company does
not have material
subsidiary.
YES -
YES -
YES -
YES -
NA Please refer to
point No. 8(a)
YES -
YES -
YES -

[page 42]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
39
Sr. Particulars Compliance S tatus Observations/
No (Yes/No/NA) Remarks by PCS
12. Resignation of st atutory auditors from the listed entity or it s material
subsidiaries
In case of resignation of st atutory auditor from the listed entity or any of it s material
subsidiaries during the financial year , the listed entity and / or it s material
subsidiary(ies) has / have complied with p aragraph 6.1 and 6.2 of section V -D of
chapter V of the Master Circular on compliance with the provisions of the SEBI
LODR Regulations by listed entities.
13. Additional Non-compliances, if any:
No additional non-compliance observed for any of the SEBI regulation/circular/
guidance note etc
In terms of SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024, I, further confirm that:
The Listed entity has complied with the following requirement s for disclosure of Employee Benefit Scheme Document s in terms of Regulation
46(2) (za) of the SEBI LODR Regulations:
a. The Employee Benefit Scheme Document which have been approved by the shareholders of the Listed Entity is uploaded on it s website.
b. The documents uploaded on the website have minimum information to be disclosed to shareholders as per SEBI (SBEB) Regulations,
2021.
Assumptions & Limit ation of scope and Review:
1. Compliance of the applicable laws and ensuring the authenticity of document s and information furnished, are the responsibilities of the
management of the listed entity .
2. My responsibility is to certify based upon my examination of relevant document s and information. This is neither an audit nor an
expression of opinion.
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial Records and Books of Accounts of the listed entity .
4. This Report is solely for the intended purpose of compliance in terms of Regulation 24A (2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015 and is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the listed entity nor of the ef ficacy
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the af fairs of the listed entity .
For S.K. Sikka & Associates
Company Secret aries
Place: Chandigarh
Date: 23.05.2025 (SUSHIL KUMAR SIKKA)
Prop. FCS 4241, COP 3582
Peer Review Cert. No. 1057/2021
 UDIN: F004241G000426401
NA There was no
resignation of
statutory auditors
from the Comp any
or its subsidiary
YES No Non-
Compliance was
observed

[page 43]
40
Annexure-III
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
Form No. AOC - 2
Form for disclosure of p articulars of contract s/arrangements entered into by the comp any with related p arties referred to in sub-section (1)
of section 188 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 including cert ain arm’s length transactions under fourth proviso thereto
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Comp anies (Account s) Rules, 2014)
1. Details of contract s or arrangement s or transactions not at arm’ s length basis
Number of contract s or arrangement s or transactions not at arm‘s length basis: Nil
Block – 1
Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign comp any registration number (FCRN) or Limited Liability Partnership number
(LLPIN) or Foreign Limited Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Account Number (P AN)/Passport for
individuals or any other registration number
Name(s) of the related p arty
Nature of relationship
Nature of contract s/ arrangement s/ transactions
Duration of the contract s / arrangement s/ transactions
Salient terms of the contract s or arrangement s or transactions including actual / expected contractual amount
Justification for entering into such contract s or arrangement s or transactions
Date of approval by the Board
Amount paid as advances, if any
Date on which the resolution was p assed in general meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
SRN of MGT-14
2. Details of material contract s or arrangement s or transactions at arm’ s length basis
Number of material contract s or arrangement s or transactions at arm‘s length basis: NIL
BLOCK-1
Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign comp any registration number (FCRN) or Limited Liability Partnership number
(LLPIN) or Foreign Limited Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Account Number (P AN)/Passport for
individuals or any other registration number
Name(s) of the related p arty
Nature of relationship
Nature of contract s/ arrangement s/ transactions
Duration of the contract s / arrangement s/ transactions
Salient terms of the contract s or arrangement s or transactions including actual / expected contractual amount
Date of approval by the Board
Amount paid as advances, if any
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 01.08.2025 (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh  Chairman
 DIN: 00034827
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

[page 44]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
41
Annexure-IV
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
Particulars of Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo required under Section 134
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Comp anies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
(i) Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy
Steel Strips Wheels Limited (the ”Comp any” or “SSWL”) is continuing it s efforts towards improving it s sustainability journey and in that
journey the Company have taken more steps to improve its green energy share along with more water conservation to become net water
zero withdrawal in one of it s plant. The Company have made more inroads for hybrid power along with water harvesting to improve it s
sustainability score. It is expected that in FY  2025-26, one of the plant the company will become net zero water drawl with all the projects
which are underway.
(ii) Steps taken by the Comp any for utilizing alternate sources of energy
The Comp any have extended it s Hybrid power utilization further in the Comp any’s Mehsana plant and have added 2X3.3MW hybrid
power by investing close to Rs 12.00 Crores and improve it s green energy footprint.  SSWL  is hopeful of converting close to 240 Lakh
power units to renewable energy .
(iii) The Capital investment on energy conservation equipment s
Your company has invested approx. Rs. 12.00 Crores towards various renewable project s in last year. For FY 2025-26, SSWL is further
committing Rs. 10.00 Crores for finding more alternate energy solutions for improving it s green footprint.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption :
Your company has successfully est ablished “flow forming technology” in alloy wheel last year and further exp anded its capacity in Flow
forming in FY 2024-25. Then, additional cap acity of flow forming will now save annual material demand of 500MT  of aluminum. Further ,
your company has started production of steering knuckles and this will replace Cast iron knuckles and hence help in light weighing the
cars. With effective introduction we expect material saving upto 1500MT  of cast iron.
The Company has a Government of India approved R & D Centre.
The Company has made ef forts towards: -
- Design and development of new wheel rims towards Agriculture & OTR
- Design and development of new dies and tools
(ii) The benefits derived as a result of the above
- Better yield
- Better performance of product s
- Reduced cost of product s
- Reduction in process wast ages
- Better productivity
- Value addition to customers by way of reduced weight of the wheel rims, leading to better fuel ef ficiency.
(iii) Details of imported technology (imported during the last three (3) years )
(a) The details of the technology imported
Not applicable as the Comp any has not imported any technology during the last three (3) financial years including FY  2024-25.
(b) The year of import
 Not Applicable
(c) Whether the technology been fully absorbed
 Not Applicable
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not t aken place and the reasons thereof;
Not applicable

[page 45]
42
(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development
(Rs. In lakhs)
Particulars  Year ended Year ended
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
Capital 3162.87 1079.84
Recurring 1868.52 1738.88
Total 5031.39 2818.72
Total R&D Expenditure as a percent age of Turnover 1.14% 0.65%
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
(Rs. In lakhs)
Particulars  Year ended Year ended
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the financial year 55,638.61 54667.69
The Foreign Exchange outgo during the financial year in terms of actual out flows  59,811.04 66531.67
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Place: Chandigarh (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Date: 01.08.2025 Chairman
DIN: 00034827

[page 46]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
43
Annexure-V
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY
{Pursuant to the Section 135 of Comp anies Act, 2013 read with the Comp anies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014}
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Comp any
The Comp any believes in corporate excellence and social welfare. This corporate philosophy is the force for integrating Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) into Comp any’s values, culture, operation and business decisions at all levels of the organization. Being a
responsible corporate citizen, the Comp any has a value system of giving back to society and improving the quality of life of communities
and its surrounding environment.
The Comp any believes that a corporate strategy which embraces social development as an integral p art of the business activities
ensures long term sust ainability of business enterprises. W ith this belief, the Comp any is committed to conducting it s business in a
socially responsible, ethical and environment friendly manner and to continuously work towards improving quality of life of the local
communities in it s operational areas.
As part of CSR initiatives, the Comp any, during the FY 2024-25, spent an aggregate amount of Rs. 56903807.00 for the CSR Activities
undertaken through multiple initiatives in the areas of promotion of education, providing special life skills to ment ally challenged children,
sanitation and cleanliness, healthcare facilities including preventive health care, rural area development, ensuring Environment
Sustainability and Green area development, eradication of poverty and promotion of nationally recognized sport s. The aforesaid CSR
initiatives t aken by the comp any were in accordance with the activities defined under Schedule VII of the Comp anies Act, 2013, the
Company’s CSR policy and the Comp any’s CSR Annual Action Plan as approved by the Board of Directors for the financial year under
review.
2. Composition of Corporate Social Responsibility and Sust ainability Committee (CSRS Committee):
S. Name of Director Designation/ Nature of Directorship Number of meetings Number of meetings
No. of CSRS Committee of CSRS Committee
held during  the attended during
year/tenure the year
1. Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi* Chairman, Independent Director 4 4
2. Sh. Virander Kumar Arya@ Chairman, Independent Director 6 6
3. Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Member, Executive Director 6 6
4. Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan % Member, Executive Director (Deputy 2 2
Managing Director)
5 Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a^ Member, Independent Director 2 2
6 Sh. Mohan Joshi^ Member, Executive Director (Deputy 2 2
Managing Director)
*Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, ceased to be member/ Chairman of the CSRS Committee w .e.f. 01.10.2024 post completion of his tenure as an
Independent Director of the Comp any.
@Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director of the Comp any was appointed as the Chairman of the CSRS Committee w.e.f 01.10.2024.
%Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan ceased to be member of the CSRS Committee w .e.f. 10.06.2024, post his resignation from the Directorship
of the comp any.
^Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director and Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive Director were appointed as the members of the CSRS
Committee w.e.f. 01.10.2024.
3. Web-link where Composition of CSRS Committee, CSR Policy and CSR project s approved by the board are disclosed on the
website of the comp any:
1. Composition of the CSRS
committee shared above
and is available on the
Company’s website on:
2. CSR Policy
3. CSR project s:
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/Composition_of_Commitees_of_SSWL.pdf
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/csr-policy .pdf
https://sswlindia.com/investors/csr/

[page 47]
44
4. Details of the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Imp act Assessment of CSR Project s carried out in pursuance of
sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable:  Not Applicable
5. (a) Average net profit of the comp any as per section 135(5): Rs. 281,47,01,053.53
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the comp any as per section 135(5): Rs. 5,62,94,021.07
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR project s or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NIL
(d) Amount required to be set of f for the financial year , if any: Rs. 72,27,453.87
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: Rs. 4,90,66,567.20
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Project s (both Ongoing Project s and other than Ongoing Project s): Rs. 5,44,81,837.00
(b) Amount spent in Administrative overheads: Rs. 24,21,970.00
(c) Amount spent on Imp act Assessment, if applicable: NIL
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: Rs. 5,69,03,807.00
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year 2024-25:
Total Amount Amount Unspent (in Rs.)
Spent for the Total Amount transferred to Unspent Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule
Financial Year CSR Account as per section 135(6) VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
(in Rs.)
Amount (in Rs.) Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount (in Rs.) Date of transfer
Rs. 5,69,03,807.00 NA NA NA NA NA
(f) Excess amount for set of f, if any:
S. NO. Particulars Amount (in Rs.)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the comp any as per section 135(5) Rs. 4,90,66,567.20*
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year Rs. 5,69,03,807.00
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] Rs. 78,37,239.80
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR project s or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any Nil
(v) Amount available for set of f in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] Rs. 78,37,239.80
*Two percent of average net profit of the comp any as per section 135(5) is Rs. 5,62,94,021.07. However , the amount in the above t able has
been reduced by Rs. 72,27,453.87 i.e. the amount available for set of f from previous financial year 2023-24.
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years :
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
S. Preceding Amount  Balance Amount Amount transferred to a Fund as Amount Deficiency ,
NO. Financial transferred to Amount in spent in the specified under Schedule VII as per remaining to if any
Year Unspent CSR Unspent CSR Financial second proviso to sub-section (5) of be spent in
Account under Account under Year section 135, if any succeeding
section 135 (6) sub-section (6) (in Rs.) financial
(in Rs.) of section 135 years
(in Rs.) Amount (in Rs.) Date of transfer (in Rs.)
1. 2023-24 Not Applicable
2. 2022-23 Not Applicable
3. 2021-22 Not Applicable
TOTAL Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the Financial
Year? Yes/ No: Yes
If yes, enter the number of Capit al assets created/ acquired: 7
Furnish the det ails relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the Financial Year:

[page 48]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
45
S. Short p articulars Pin-Code Date of Amount Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of the registered owner
No. of the property or of the Creation of CSR
assets(s) property or spent
asset(s) (in Rs.)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
CSR registration Name Registered address
number, if
applicable
1 Construction of 140501 31.03.2025 35,58,507.00 NA Centre Head Teacher,
new classrooms Govt. Primary School
with other  Lalru Mandi
development
work at Lalru
School Govt.
Primary School
Lalru
2 Construction of New 140501 31.03.2025 74,01,564.00 NA Head Teacher
school building Govt. Govt. Primary School
Primary School Handesra
Handesra, Derabassi
3 School Infrastructure 384430 31.03.2025 43,64,783.00 NA Head Teacher
Development Grant-in Aid
Project -Kisan Secondary School
Vidyalaya, Martoli Martoli
4 Construction of 148033 31.03.2025 2,70,55,297.00 CSR00002756 Hans Raj Trust
Community Centre
5 School desk, 140501 05.06.2024 1,46,277.99 NA President School
dessert coolers Management
& other essential Committee, Informal
furniture to Informal Learning Centre
Learning Centre - Rampur Behal
Rampur Behal
6 Welding Machines 140501 6,56,788.00 NA Principal, Govt.
to ITI Lalru:- ITI Lalru
1. MIG 2 & TIG2 01.03.2025
2. Spot Welding 1 04.03.2025
3. Air Plasma 2 26.03.2025
7 Medical Equipment 140501 24.05.2024 83,249.00 NA President, Health
& furniture to Govt. 10.06.2024 Centre Management
Health Centre Jeoli Committee Jeoli
Total 4,32,66,465.99
9. Specify the reason(s), if the comp any has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): Not
applicable.
(Sh. Dheeraj Garg) (Sh. Virander Kumar Arya)
Date: 01.08.2025 Managing Director  Chairman, CSRS Committee
Place: Chandigarh DIN: 00034926  DIN: 00751005
Govt. Primary School Lalru,
Post Office Lalru Mandi, Tehsil,
Derabassi, SAS Nagar-140501
Govt. Primary School
Handesra, V illage & PO
Handesra, Tehsil, Derabassi,
SAS Nagar-140501
Grant-In-Aid Secondary School
Martoli, V illage & Post Of fice
Martoli, Tehsil(Taluka) Jot ana,
District Mehsana-384430
Hans Raj Trust, Registered
office- SCO 49-50, Sector 26,
Chandigarh-160019
C/O PBT Brick Klin, Rampur
Behal Derabassi, SAS Nagar
Punjab 140501
C/O Govt. ITI Lalru, Derabassi,
SAS Nagar , Punjab 140501
C/o Govt. Health Centre-Jeoli,
Derabassi, SAS Nagar 140501

[page 49]
46
Annexure-VI
TO THE BOARDS’ REPORT
PARTICULARS OF REMUNERATION
The information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rule 5 (1) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of the Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, in respect of employees of the Comp any, is as follows: -
(a) The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Comp any for the financial
year;
Name of Person Designation Ratio of Median Remuneration
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director 300.91
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan @ Deputy Managing Director N.A.
Sh. Mohan Joshi # Deputy Managing Director N.A.
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 19.09
@Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan ceased to be the director of the comp any due to his resignation from the directorship of the comp any
w.e.f. 10.06.2024.
#Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as the Executive Director designated as Deputy Managing Director w .e.f. 29.08.2024.
Hence, the ratio of remuneration of Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan & Sh. Mohan Joshi to the median remuneration of the employees is
not reported here.
Note: The Non-Executive Directors of the Comp any are entitled to sitting fees only for attending Board Meetings and Audit Committee
Meetings as per the statutory provisions. The details of remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors are provided in Corporate Governance
Report. The ratio of remuneration and percentage increase for Non-Executive Director ’s remuneration is therefore not considered for the
above said purpose.
(b) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director , Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary
or Manager, if any, in the financial year;
Name of Person Designation Percentage increase in remuneration
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director -0.78
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan @ Deputy Managing Director N.A.
Sh. Mohan Joshi # Deputy Managing Director N.A.
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 7.22
Sh. Naveen Sorot Chief Financial Of ficer -6.86
Sh. Shaman Jindal $ Company Secret ary N.A.
Ms. Kanika Sapra^ Company Secret ary N.A.
@Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan ceased to be the director of the comp any due to his resignation from the directorship of the comp any
w.e.f. 10.06.2024.
#Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as the Executive Director designated as Deputy Managing Director w .e.f. 29.08.2024.
$Sh. Shaman Jindal ceased to be the Comp any Secretary of the comp any w.e.f. 29.10.2024.
^Ms. Kanika Sapra was appointed as the Comp any Secretary of the comp any w.e.f. 30.10.2024.
Due to the aforementioned changes during the year under review , the percentage increase in the remuneration of these persons has not
been reported here.
(c) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year
8.14%

[page 50]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
47
(d) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Comp any:
As on March 31, 2025, the Company had 3027 permanent employees on the rolls of the Comp any. Of these total employees, 2961 were
males and 66 were females.
(e) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial
year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if
there are any exceptional circumst ances for increase in the managerial remuneration
Average increase in remuneration is 6.93% for employees other than Key Managerial Personnel and -14.41% for Key Managerial
Personnel. The remuneration of employees and Managerial Personnel is decided based on the individual performance, Comp any’s
overall performance, inflation, prevailing industry trends and benchmark.
(f) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Comp any
The Company affirms that remuneration is as per the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the Comp any.
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 01.08.2025 (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh Chairman
DIN: 00034827

[page 51]
48
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY  ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
Effective Corporate Governance practices constitute the strong foundation on which successful commercial enterprises are built to last. The
philosophy of Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the Company” or “SSWL”) in relation to Corporate Governance is to ensure transparent disclosures
and reporting that conforms fully to laws, regulations and guidelines and to promote ethical conduct throughout the organization with the
primary objective of enhancing st akeholders’ value while being a responsible corporate citizen. The Comp any has always thrived towards
building trust with it s shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, regulators and other st akeholders based on the principles of good
Corporate Governance.
The Comp any has adopted Code of Conduct for it s employees, of ficers and Directors. In addition, the Comp any’s Independent Directors
adhere to “Code for Independent Directors” as provided in Schedule IV of the Comp anies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The Company’s corporate
governance philosophy has been further strengthened through Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, Anti-Bribery & Corruption
Policy, Human Right s Policy, Equal Employment Opportunities Policy , Code of Conduct for Business Partners and Code of Practices and
Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI).
The Company is in compliance with the requirement s stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) and
(t) of Regulation 46(2) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015
{“SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015”},  as applicable, with regard to Corporate Governance. This report is to be read with Board’s Report and all
its annexures for comprehensive underst anding on Corporate Governance practices of the Comp any.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) of the Comp any is entrusted with the ultimate responsibility of the management, formulation of business
plan and policies, devising corporate strategy , overseeing general af fairs, guiding the direction and performance of the Comp any, enhancing
shareholder value, safeguarding the interest of all st akeholders, ensuring compliances of all applicable laws of the land in letter as well as in
spirit and long term success of business as a whole. The Board has been vested with requisite powers, authorities and duties. The Board of
the Comp any consist s of optimum combination of Executive, Non- Executive and Independent Directors including W omen Directors, who
have wide and varied experience in the field of Engineering, Finance, Business Management, Administration, Taxation, Human Resource,
Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry , Commerce, Education, etc.
(i) Composition and Category of the Directors: The Composition of the Board of the Comp any is in conformity with Regulation 17 of
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 149 of the Act. As on 31.03.2025, the Comp any’s Board consisted of twelve (12)
Directors. Of the said twelve Directors:-
a) three (3) (i.e. 25%) are Executive Directors(EDs) (one ED belonging to promoter category);
b) nine (9) (i.e. 75%) are Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) as per the following det ails:-
• two (2) (i.e. 16.67%) are Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors out of which one (1) is Non-Executive Chairman belonging
to promoter category and;
• six (6) (i.e. 50%) are Non-Executive Independent Directors (including two W omen Independent Director); and
• remaining one (1) (8.33%) is Nominee Director [Nominated by Tata Steel Limited (Equity Investor)]
(ii) As specified in Section 165 (1) of the Act, none of the Directors of the Comp any held directorship s including any alternate Directorship
in more than 20 comp anies nor did they serve as a Director in more than 10 public limited comp anies.
Further, as specified in Regulation 17A  of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, none of the Directors of the Comp any is a Director
(including any alternate directorship s) in more than 7 listed entities or act s as an Independent Director in more than 7 listed comp anies
and none of the Whole Time Director/Managing Director of the Comp any serves as an Independent Director in any listed entity .
Further, as specified in Regulation 26(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, none of the Directors on the Board is a Member of
more than 10 Committees or Chairperson of more than 5 Committees {considering only Audit and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee}
across all the public limited comp anies in which he/she is a Director . Necessary disclosures regarding committee positions in other
public companies as on 31.03.2025 have been made by the Directors. Brief profiles of the directors are available on the website on the
Company at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/brief-profile-of-board-of-directors/ .
(iii) Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, read with
Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder . In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, all the
Independent Directors have declared that they meet the criteria of Independence as provided under section 149 of the Act and
Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, and have also confirmed that they are not aware of any circumst ance or
situation which exist s or may be reasonably anticip ated that could imp air or imp act their ability to discharge their duties with an
objective, independent judgment and without any external influence, and they are not debarred from holding the of fice of Director by
virtue of any SEBI order or any other authority. Further, in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment

[page 52]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
49
& Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, all the Independent Directors of the Comp any have confirmed that they have enrolled
themselves in the Independent Directors Dat abank maint ained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). The maximum
tenure of the Independent Directors is in compliance with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as well as the Act and rules framed
thereunder and clarifications/circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs in this regard from time to time.
Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed that they meet the criteria of
independence as mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 149(6) of the Act and
that they are independent of the management.
(iv) Disclosure of relationship between Directors inter-se : Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (Chairman & Non-Executive Director) is father of
Sh. Dheeraj Garg (Managing Director), hence related to each other and both belong to the promoter category . None of the other
Directors of the Comp any are in any way related to each other .
(v) During the financial year (FY) 2024-25, six (6) Board Meetings were held on 24.04.2024, 23.05.2024, 23.07.2024, 29.08.2024, 29.10.2024
and 17.01.2025 and the gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed one hundred twenty days (120) as stipulated under
Regulation 17(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, Secret arial Standards and the Act. The necessary quorum was present at all the
meetings and in case of any exigency/urgency , the Board’s approval was taken through circular resolution(s). The circular resolution(s)
were noted at the subsequent Board Meetings.
(vi) The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, DIN, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the financial year under
review and at the last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), name of other listed entities in which he/she is a Director (including category
of directorship) and the number of Directorships and Committee’s Chairpersonships/Memberships held by them in other Public Companies
as on 31.03.2025 are given herein below . Other Directorship s do not include directorship s of Private Limited Comp anies, Foreign
Companies, and Comp anies registered under Section 8 of the Act.
For the purpose of determination of the limit of the Board Committees, Chairpersonship s/ Membership s of the Audit Committee and
Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Name of Category No. of No. of Whether No. of Directorship s held in No. of Committee positions Directorship s in other
Director , Board Board attended other Public comp anies held in other public Listed entity (Category
Designation meetings meetings last AGM companies of Directorship)
& DIN held attended held on
during 30.09.2024 Chair Membership Chair Membership
the year/ personship (incl. Chair personship (incl. Chair
tenure personship) personship)
of the
Director
Sh. Rajinder Non–Executive 6 3 No 2 3 - -
Kumar Garg Director
(Chairperson) (Promoter)
DIN:00034827
Sh. Dheeraj Executive 6 6 No - 1 - 2
Garg (Managing Director
Director) (Promoter)
DIN: 00034926
Sh. Andra Veetil Executive 2 2 NA - - - - -
Unnikrishnan* Director
(Deputy
Managing
Director)
DIN: 02498195
Sh. Mohan Executive 2 2 Yes - - - - -
Joshi** (Deputy Director
Managing
Director)
DIN: 07526082
1. Indian Acrylics
Limited (Managing
Director) - Promoter
2. SAB Industries
Limited (Chairperson,
Non-Executive
Director) - Promoter
3. Steel Strips
Infrastructures
Limited (Chairperson,
Non-Executive
Director) - Promoter
Indian Acrylics Limited
(Whole time Director ,
Additional Managing
Director)-Promoter

[page 53]
50
Name of Category No. of No. of Whether No. of Directorship s held in No. of Committee positions Directorship s in other
Director, Board Board attended other Public comp anies held in other public Listed entity (Category
Designation meetings meetings last AGM companies of Directorship)
& DIN held attended held on
during 30.09.2024 Chair Membership Chair Membership
the year/ personship (incl. Chair personship (incl. Chair
tenure personship) personship)
of the
Director
Sh. Manohar Executive 6 6 Yes - 3 - - -
Lal Jain Director
(Executive
Director)
DIN: 00034591
Sh. Sanjay Garg Non–Executive 6 4 No - 6 1 3 1. SAB Industries
(Director) Non- Limited (Executive
DIN: 00030956 Independent Director, Managing
Director Director)
2. Steel Strips
Infrastructures
Limited (Executive
Director, Managing
Director)
Sh. Sanjay Nominee of 6 1 No - - - - -
Surajprakash Tata Steel Ltd
Sahni (Equity Investor),
(Director) Non–Executive
DIN: 08263029 Non- Independent
Director
Sh. Virander Independent 6 5 Yes - 2 - 4 1. SAB Industries Limited
Kumar Arya Director (Independent Director)
(Director) 2. Steel Strips
DIN: 00751005 Infrastructures Limited
(Independent Director)
Sh. Ajit Singh Independent 6 3 Yes - 1 - - -
Chatha Director
(Director)
DIN: 02289613
Sh. Shashi Independent 6 6 Yes - 2 - - Indian Acrylics Limited
Bhushan Gupt a Director (Independent Director)
(Director)
DIN: 00154404
Sh. Surinder Independent 4 3 No - - - - -
Singh V irdi*** Director
(Director)
DIN: 00035408
Smt. Deva Independent 6 3 No - 1 - - Indian Acrylics Limited
Bharathi Reddy Director (Independent Director)
(Director)
DIN: 08763741
Sh. Siddharth Independent 6 2 No - - - - -
Bansal Director
(Director)
DIN: 02909820
Smt. Independent 2 2 NA - - - - -
Sukhvinder Director
Khanna****
(Director)
DIN: 10744212

[page 54]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
51
The attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings held during the financial year under review are as follows:
Name of Director Date of Board Meetings
24.04.2024 23.05.2024 23.07.2024 29.08.2024 29.10.2024 17.01.2025
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg O O O P P P
Sh. Dheeraj Garg P P P P P P
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan* P P NA NA NA NA
Sh. Mohan Joshi** NA NA NA NA P P
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain P P P P P P
Sh. Sanjay Garg O P P O P P
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni O O P O O O
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya P P P O P P
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha O P O P P O
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a P P P P P P
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi*** O P P P NA NA
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy P O O O P P
Sh. Siddharth Bansal O O P O O P
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna**** NA NA NA NA P P
* Sh. Andra V eetil Unnikrishnan, ceased to be the Director of the comp any due to his resignation from the Directorship of the
Company w.e.f. 10.06.2024. Accordingly, his directorship in other listed entities and positions as chairperson and member of the
committees has not been considered here.
** Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as Executive Director designated as the Deputy Managing Director of the comp any by the Board
of Directors in its meeting held on 29.08.2024 for a term of five(5) years effective from 29.08.2024. His appointment was subsequently
approved by the members of the comp any at their 38 th AGM held on 30.09.2024.
*** Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi had expressed his unwillingness for re-appointment for the second term as an Independent Director of
the company upon completion of his first term of five (5) consecutive years on 30.09.2024, due to his pre-occup ation and other
personal commitments. Therefore, he ceased to be Independent Director of the Company with effect from 01.10.2024. Accordingly,
his directorship in other listed entities and positions as chairperson and member of the committees has not been considered here.
**** Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna has been appointed as an Independent Director of the Comp any for a term of five (5) consecutive years
with effect from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
(vii) During the financial year 2024-25, information as specified in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, has been
placed before the Board of Directors for it s discussion and consideration as required under Regulation 17(7) of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
(viii) The Board periodically reviews compliance report s pertaining to all laws applicable to the Comp any as required under Regulation 17(3)
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary step s are taken to rectify inst ances of non-compliances, if any .
(ix) The Board has satisfied it self that plans are in place for orderly succession for appointment to the Board of Directors and Senior
Management. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works along with the Human Resource Dep artment of the comp any as
well as the Managing Director to develop and maint ain a structured leadership succession plan. The succession plans are closely
aligned with the strategy and long-term needs of the Comp any.
(x) Details of number of equity shares and convertible instrument s of the Company held by the Directors (Executive and Non-Executive) as
on 31.03.2025 are given below:
(a) Executive Directors
Name of the Director Designation No. of equity shares held Percentage
Sh. Dheeraj Garg Managing Director 46402280 29.57
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain Executive Director 155756 0.10
Sh. Mohan Joshi Executive Director 34000 0.02
(Deputy Managing Director)

[page 55]
52
(b) Non-Executive Directors
Name of the Director Designation No. of equity shares held Percentage
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg Chairman, Non-Executive Director 3055333 1.95
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya Independent Director 2500 0.001
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna Independent Director 10000 0.006
Notes:
(i) Apart from receiving sitting fees and dividend declared by the Comp any on the shares held, if any, none of the Non-Executive
or Independent Directors has any material pecuniary relationship or transaction with the Comp any.
(ii) The Executive Directors and/or Non-Executive Directors of the Comp any do not hold any convertible instrument s of the
Company. However , Sh. Mohan Joshi holds 133400 stock options convertible into equal number of equity shares of FV
Rs. 1/- each under “S teel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021” (ESOS 2021) at an exercise price
of Rs. 20/- per option.
(xi)
Matrix setting out the skills/expertise/competence of the Board of Directors : The Board comprises of persons who are expert s with
varied experiences in dif ferent areas who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise that allows them to make ef fective
contribution to the Comp any. These experts helps the company in achieving it s objectives while operating ef fectively, responsibly and
sustainably. To operate ef fectively, the Board has identified the following skills/expertise/competencies fundament al for the ef fective
functioning of the Comp any’s business and sector and those actually available with the Board alongwith the name of Directors is given
below:
Skills Description
Leadership
Global Business/ Emerging
market experience
Strategy and Planning
Governance and Regulatory
Oversight
Sales and Marketing Exposure
Financial Experience and Risk
Oversight
Underst anding of Industry &
Operations
Technology and Innovation
Skills Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Smt. Smt. Sh.
Rajinder Dheeraj Andra Mohan Manohar Sanjay Siddharth Virander Ajit Shashi Surinder Sukhvinder Deva Sanjay
Kumar Garg Veetil Joshi Lal Suraj Bansal Kumar Singh Bhushan Singh Khanna Bharathi Garg
Garg Unnikri (w.e.f. Jain Prakash Arya Chatha Gupta V irdi (w.e.f. Reddy
shnan 29.08. Sahni (Upto 01.10.
(upto 2024) 30.09. 2024)
10.06. 2024)
2024)
Leadership P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
Global P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP - P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP - P PP PP
Business/
Emerging
market
experience
Capacity to steer the organisation’ s vision and strategy while upholding governance, integrity and
accountability.
Understanding of global business dynamics, across various geographical markets, industry verticals
and regulatory jurisdictions.
Appreciation of long-term trends, strategic choices and experience in guiding and leading
management teams to make decisions in uncert ain environment s.
Experience in developing governance practices, serving the best interest s of all st akeholders,
maintaining board and management account ability, building long-term ef fective st akeholder
engagements and driving corporate ethics and values.
Developing strategies to protect and grow brand equity and distribution reach. Underst anding
evolution in channels and strategies required to protect and grow the business and it s potential to
recommend plans to leverage the development s effectively for growth and ef ficiency.
Evaluating the financial viability of various strategic proposals, review of capit al budgets, financial
results/ statements, risks associated with the business and the minimization procedure.
Understanding of Auto-components manufacturing industry and it s operations.
Ability to underst and and appreciate the import ance & robust use of latest technology in various
aspects of business.

[page 56]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
53
Skills Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Sh. Smt. Smt. Sh.
Rajinder Dheeraj Andra Mohan Manohar Sanjay Siddharth Virander Ajit Shashi Surinder Sukhvinder Deva Sanjay
Kumar Garg Veetil Joshi Lal Suraj Bansal Kumar Singh Bhushan Singh Khanna Bharathi Garg
Garg Unnikri (w.e.f. Jain Prakash Arya Chatha Gupta V irdi (w.e.f. Reddy
shnan 29.08. Sahni (Upto 01.10.
(upto 2024) 30.09. 2024)
10.06. 2024)
2024)
Strategy and P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
Planning
Governance P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
and
Regulatory
Oversight
Sales and P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP - P PP PP P PP PP - - - P PP PP - - P PP PP
Marketing
Exposure
Financial P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
Experience
and Risk
Oversight
Understanding P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
of Industry &
Operations
Technology P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP
and
Innovation
SELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND CRITERIA FOR BOARD MEMBERSHIP
The Company strives to cultivate a broad spectrum of demographic attributes and characteristics in the board room that elevates the Board’ s
effectiveness to provide foresight and add value to the decision-making process. Considering the requirement s of the skill-sets on the Board,
eminent persons having an independent st anding in their respective fields/professions and who can ef fectively contribute to the Comp any’s
business and policy decisions are considered by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) for appointment as new Directors on
the Board.
The Board of Directors is collectively responsible for selection of a member on the Board. The NRC of the Comp any follows defined criteria
for identifying, screening, recruiting and recommending candidates for selection as a Director on the Board. The criteria for nominating/
appointing a person to the Board , interalia, include:
• Composition of the Board, which is commensurate with the size of the Comp any, its portfolio, geographical spread and it s status as a
Listed Comp any;
• Desired age and diversity on the Board;
• Size of the Board with optimal balance of Executive and Non-Executive Directors in consistent with the requirement s of law;
• Professional qualifications, skills, expertise and experience in specific area of business;
• Balance of skills and expertise in view of the objectives and activities of the Comp any;
• Avoidance of any present or potential conflict of interest;
• Availability of time and other commitment s for proper performance of duties;
• Personal characteristics being in line with the Comp any’s values, such as integrity, honesty, transparency, leadership skills, pioneering
mindset.
• any other criteria which may be added by the Board at it s discretion.
Upon evaluation, the NRC present s its recommendations to the Board. Subsequently , the Board also reviews and approves the appointment
of Directors, which is then recommended to the members of the comp any for their approval.
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME OF INDEPENDENT DIRECT ORS
The Independent Directors of Comp any are eminent personalities having wide experience in the field of Engineering, Finance, Business
Management, Administration, Taxation, Human Resource, Corporate Planning, Corporate Laws, Industry , Commerce, Education, etc. Their
presence on the Board has been advantageous and fruitful in taking business decisions. As required under Regulation 46 of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015, the terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors including their role, responsibility and duties are
disclosed on the Comp any’s website at 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/terms_conditions.pdf .

[page 57]
54
When a new Independent Director is appointed on the Board of the Company, a meeting is arranged with the Chairperson, Managing Director,
Deputy Managing Director , Executive Director , Chief Financial Of ficer and Comp any Secret ary of the Comp any to brief him/her about the
Company, nature of the industry in which the Comp any operates, it s businesses, key customers, business module wise performance, the
salient features of the industries to which the Comp any supplies it s goods and other relevant information. The Senior Management of the
company also make presentations giving an overview of the Company’s strategy, operations, products, markets, Board constitution & guidelines,
the major risks and risk management strategies.
A newly appointed Independent Director is provided with an appointment letter incorporating the role, duties and responsibilities, remuneration
and performance evaluation process, insurance cover and obligations on disclosures, as may be applicable to them. They are also provided
with copy of Company’s latest Annual Report, the Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, Code of Practices
and Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI).
The Comp any imp arted various familiarization programmes for it s Directors including business performance, operations, market share,
financial parameters, working capit al management, fund flows, major litigation, compliances, CSR activities, periodic review of Investment s
of the Company, product launch, Regulatory updates, Business S trategy, Framework for Related Party Transactions, Economic Environment
& Global Scenario, ESG Risks, Business Entity Risks, etc. at the various meetings of the Committees of the Board and at the Board Meeting.
The Directors get an opportunity to visit Comp any’s plants, where plant heads apprise them of the operational and sust ainability aspect s of
the plants to enable them to have full underst anding on the manufacturing activities of the Comp any in practical manner and initiatives t aken
on safety and quality etc. The familiarization programme includes orient ation sessions for newly inducted Directors, along with continuous
initiatives aimed at keeping all Directors updated on relevant development s.
The det ails of the familiarization programme of the Independent Directors are available on Comp any’ s website at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/familiarisation-programme-for-independent-directors/ .
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE (‘D AND O INSURANCE’)
As per the provisions of the Act and in compliance with Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Comp any has t aken
Directors and Of ficers Insurance (‘D and O Insurance’) on behalf of all it s Directors including Independent Directors and Of ficers of the
Company for indemnifying any of them against any personal liability coming onto them whilst discharging fiduciary responsibilities in relation
to the Comp any.
DETAILED REASON FOR THE RESIGNATION OF AN INDEPENDENT DIRECT OR BEFORE THE EXPIRY OF HIS/HER TENURE ALONG
WITH CONFIRMATION THAT THERE ARE NO MATERIAL REASONS OTHER THAN THOSE PROVIDED
During the financial year under review , none of the Independent Directors of the Comp any had resigned before the expiry of their respective
tenure(s).
Further, during the financial year under review , Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi ceased to be the Independent Director of your Comp any with effect
from 01.10.2024 upon completion of his first term of five consecutive years from 01.10.2019 to 30.09.2024 due to his pre-occup ation and
other personal commitment s.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Committees of the Board play a crucial role in the governance structure of the Comp any and have been constituted to deal with specific
areas/activities as mandated by applicable provision/regulations which concern the Comp any. During the financial year under review , all
recommendations of the Committees of the Board which were mandatorily required have been accepted by the Board. There are nine (9)
committees of the Board of Directors of the Comp any as on 31.03.2025 which comprises five (5) st atutory committees and four (4) other
committees that have been constituted af ter considering the needs of the Comp any, the details of which are as follows:
I.
AUDIT COMMITTEE (AC)
The Audit Committee (AC) of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 18 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
read with Section 177 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment thereof).
The terms of reference of AC are as per relevant guidelines, legislations, act s and regulations. It s terms of reference and it s role, inter
alia, includes the following:
(i) Overseeing the Comp any’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of it s financial information to ensure that the financial
statement is correct, suf ficient and credible;
(ii) Recommending to the Board, the appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the Comp any;
(iii) Approval of p ayment to st atutory auditors for any other services rendered by the st atutory auditors;
(iv) Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial st atements and auditor’s report thereon before submission to the board for
approval, with p articular reference to:
a) Matters required being included in the director ’s responsibility st atement to be included in the board’ s report in terms of
clause(c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Comp anies Act, 2013;
b) Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
c) Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;

[page 58]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
55
d) Significant adjustment s made in the financial st atements arising out of audit findings;
e) Compliance with listing and other legal requirement s relating to financial st atements;
f) Disclosure of any related p arty transaction;
g) Modified opinion(s) in the draf t audit report.
(v) Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial st atements before submission to the board for approval;
(vi) Reviewing, with the management, the st atement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, right s issue,
preferential issue, etc.), the st atement of funds utilized for purposes other than those st ated in the of fer document/prospectus/
notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or right s issue
or preferential issue or qualified institutions placement, and making appropriate recommendations to the board to t ake up steps
in this matter;
(vii) Reviewing and monitoring the auditor ’s independence and performance, and ef fectiveness of audit process;
(viii) Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Comp any with related p arties;
(ix) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investment s;
(x) Valuation of undert akings or asset s of the Comp any, wherever it is necessary;
(xi) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
(xii) Reviewing, with the management, performance of st atutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal control systems;
(xiii) Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any , including the structure of the internal audit dep artment, st affing and
seniority of the of ficial heading the dep artment, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
(xiv) Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on;
(xv) Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or
irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the board;
(xvi) Discussion with st atutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit
discussion to ascert ain any area of concern;
(xvii) To look into the reasons for subst antial default s in the p ayment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of
non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
(xviii) To review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
(xix) Approval of appointment of chief financial of ficer af ter assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the
candidate;
(xx) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee;
(xxi) Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding comp any in the subsidiary exceeding rupees
100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary , whichever is lower including existing loans/advances/investment s existing
as on the date of coming into force of this provision;
(xxii) Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefit s and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, amalgamation etc. on the
Company and it s shareholders;
(xxiii) Reviewing management discussion and analysis of financial condition and result s of operations;
(xxiv) Reviewing management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the st atutory auditors;
(xxv) Reviewing internal audit report s relating to internal control weaknesses;
(xxvi) Reviewing the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor;
(xxvii) Reviewing statement of deviations:
a) Quarterly st atement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency , if applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s) in
terms of Regulation 32(1) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
b) Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those st ated in the of fer document/prospectus/notice in terms of
Regulation 32(7) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015.
For fulfilling the above role, the Audit Committee has powers to investigate any activity within it s terms of reference, to seek information
from employees of the comp any, to obt ain out side legal & professional advice and has full access to information cont ained in the
records of the Comp any.
During the financial year under review, six (6) meetings of AC were held on 24.04.2024, 23.05.2024, 23.07.2024, 29.08.2024, 29.10.2024
and 17.01.2025. The intervening gap between any two consecutive meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty (120) days and
necessary quorum was present at all these meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of AC. The internal auditor report s
functionally to the AC. The meetings of the AC are also attended by the Internal Auditor, Chief Financial Of ficer and represent atives of
the Statutory Auditor as special invitees.

[page 59]
56
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of AC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Comp any held on 30.09.2024.
Further, during the financial year under review , the Board by way of a circular resolution no. 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, had
re-constituted the Audit Committee with ef fect from 01.10.2024 by inducting Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director and
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director of the comp any as Members of the AC.
The composition of the AC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the AC during the year is given below:-
Name of Category Dates of Meetings Meetings Meetings
Chairperson Held Attended
& Members 24.04.2024 23.05.2024 23.07.2024 29.08.2024 29.10.2024 17.01.2025 during
the year/
tenure
Sh.  Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent O P O P P O 6 3
Chairman Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Independent P P P P P P 6 6
Gupta, Member Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Independent P P P O P P 6 5
Arya, Member Director
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive P P P P P P 6 6
Member Director
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive NA NA NA NA P P 2 2
Member Director
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent NA NA NA NA O O 2 0
Member Director
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
II. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (NRC)
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) of the Comp any is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 19 of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, read with Section 178 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment(s) thereof). It s
terms of reference is in compliance with the governing provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, which includes the
following:
(i) Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the
Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
(ii) For every appointment of an independent director , the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the balance of
skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities
required of an independent director . The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall
have the cap abilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suit able candidates, the Committee may:
a) use the services of an external agencies, if required;
b) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c) consider the time commitment s of the candidates.
(iii) Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors;
(iv) Specify the manner for ef fective evaluation of performance of Board, it s committees and individual directors to be carried out
either by the Board, by the NRC or by an independent external agency and review it s implementation and compliance;
(v) Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;
(vi) Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with
the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal;
(vii) Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of report of performance evaluation
of independent directors.
(viii) Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, p ayable to senior management.
(ix) Carrying out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/or enforced by any st atutory notification,
amendment or modification, as may be applicable.

[page 60]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
57
The NRC has carried out the evaluation of  performance of Board, it s committees and individual directors (including Independent
Directors). Further , the Board of Directors have also carried out the evaluation of the performance of the Board as a whole, it s
committees and all the Individual Directors including Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors, Non-
Independent Directors as well as the Chairperson of the Comp any. The details of which are given in Board’ s Report that forms p art of
this Annual Report.
During the financial year under review, three (3) meetings of NRC were held, i.e. on 10.04.2024, 21.08.2024 and 18.10.2024. Necessary
quorum was present at all the meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secret ary of NRC.
Further, during the financial year under review , the Board by way of circular resolution no. 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, had
re-constituted the NRC with ef fect from 01.10.2024 by inducting Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director of the comp any as
member of NRC in place of Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, who ceased to be the independent Director of the comp any w.e.f. 01.10.2024
upon completion of his tenure.
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of NRC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Comp any held on 30.09.2024.
The composition of the NRC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the NRC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson Category Dates of Meetings Meetings held Meetings
& Members during the Attended
10.04.2024 21.08.2024 18.10.2024 year/tenure
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director P P P 3 3
Chairman
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, Independent Director P P NA 2 2
Member (upto 30.09.2024)
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director P P P 3 3
Member
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director NA NA P 1 1
Member (w.e.f 01.10.2024)
Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors
The NRC evaluates the performance of Independent Directors as required under Schedule IV of the Act read with Regulation 17(10) of
the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The performance evaluation criteria for independent directors is determined by the NRC. The
indicative list of criteria on which evaluation was carried includes the following:
• Qualification
• Experience
• Knowledge and competency
• Fulfillment of functions
• Leadership
• Attendance and Particip ation
• Ability to keep Shareholders Interest in mind
• Distribution of Roles & Responsibility
• Contribution and Initiative
• Commitment
• Availability
• Independence
• Initiative t aking capability
• Safeguarding of the Confidential information
• Safeguarding interest of Whistle blowers under V igil Mechanism
• Compliance with policies and disclosures of interest
• Fulfillment of other obligations imposed by the Law
• Integrity including adherence to Code of Conduct Ability to function as team
• Independent views and judgement
• Guidance/support to Management out side board

[page 61]
58
On the basis of the report of the performance evaluation of Independent Directors, the NRC determines whether to extend or continue
the terms of appointment of Independent Directors.
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy (“Policy”) is formulated by the NRC and approved by the Board of Directors of the Comp any
as per the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and the Act. The Policy of the Comp any as duly amended has been
uploaded on the website of the Comp any under the web link 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/nomination.pdf .
The Policy of the Comp any is designed to create a high performance culture. It enables the Comp any to attract, ret ain and motivate
employees to achieve result s. The guiding principle of the Policy is that the level and composition of remuneration shall be reasonable
and sufficient to attract, ret ain and motivate Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.
NRC determines and recommends to the Board for approval, individual remuneration p ackages for Executive Directors, KMPs and
Senior Management of the Comp any on the basis of the scope of their duties, the role and nature of responsibilities, the level of skill,
knowledge and experience of individual, their performance, business performance and practices in comp arable companies, having due
regard to financial and commercial health of the comp any as well as prevailing laws and regulations/other guidelines.
Remuneration may comprise of fixed component only or combination of both fixed and variable component. Fixed component may
include salary, allowances, perquisites and other st atutory/non-statutory benefit s. The NRC may in it s discretion structure any portion
of remuneration to link rewards to corporate and individual performance, fulfillment of specified improvement t argets or the attainment
of certain financial or other objectives set by the Board. The amount payable is determined by the NRC, based on performance against
pre-determined financial and non-financial metrics.
Remuneration to Managing Director of the Comp any may comprise both fixed as well as variable component s including commission by
way of certain percentage on Net profit of the Comp any as calculated under Section 198 of the Act.
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
(i) Remuneration to Managing Director and Executive Directors
The remuneration to Managing Director and Executive Directors of the comp any is governed by the recommendation of the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee and subsequent approvals obt ained from the Board of Directors and Shareholders of the Comp any.
During the financial year 2024-25, the comp any has paid remuneration to it s:
• Managing Director by way of salary, benefits, perquisites and allowances (fixed component) and commission (variable component)
@ 5% on Net Profit of the comp any as calculated under Section 198 of the Act, inclusive of fixed component of the salary .
• Executive Directors by way of salary , benefits, perquisites and allowances (fixed component only).
On the basis of the performance of the Managing Director and Executive Directors, business performance of the Comp any and
practices in comp arable companies, financial and commercial health of the comp any as well as prevailing laws and regulations/other
guidelines, the NRC decides the Annual Increments within the salary scale already approved by the shareholders of the Comp any and
then recommends the same to the Board of Directors of the Comp any for it s approval.
Details of Remuneration p aid to Managing Director (MD), Deputy Managing Director and Executive Director (ED) during the
financial year 2024-25 :
(Rs. in lakhs)
Particulars Sh. Dheeraj Sh. Andra Veetil Sh. Mohan Joshi, Sh. Manohar
Garg, MD Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Lal Jain, ED
Deputy Managing Director (ED)
Director (ED) (Upto (w.e.f 29.08.2024)
10.06.2024)
Basic Salary 480.00 9.68 25.51 52.80
House Rent Allowance Nil 3.39 10.20 18.48
Special Allowance Nil 3.76 9.45 9.25
Medical allowance Nil 0.03 0.09 0.15
Reimbursement of Medical expenses Nil Nil Nil Nil
Perquisites Nil Nil Nil Nil
Contribution to Provident Fund 57.60 1.16 3.07 6.33
Commission 834.09 Nil Nil Nil
Total 1371.69 18.02 48.32 87.01

[page 62]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
59
Particulars Sh. Dheeraj Sh. Andra Veetil Sh. Mohan Joshi, Sh. Manohar
Garg, MD Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Lal Jain, ED
Deputy Managing Director (ED)
Director (ED) (Upto (w.e.f 29.08.2024)
10.06.2024)
Stock Options – Perquisite value of options Nil Nil Nil Nil
exercised under ESOS 2021^
Total 1371.69 18.02 48.32 87.01
Date of Original appointment 29.04.1993 01.01.2009 29.08.2024 01.08.2013
Date of Appointment/Re-appointment 01.06.2023 01.01.2024 29.08.2024 01.07.2023
Tenure Up to 31.05.2028 - 28.08.2029 30.06.2028
^During the financial year under review , the Employee Compensation Committee of the Board in it s meeting held on 13.03.2025 had
granted 75000 stock options convertible into equal number of equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each to Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing
Director of the comp any under the S teel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021) at an exercise
price of Rs. 20/- each. The imp act of the same shall be considered in his remuneration at the time of exercise of options by him.
(ii) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors
The Non-Executive Directors are entitled to sitting fees for attending the Board Meetings and Audit Committee Meetings as permissible
under Rule 4 of the Comp anies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. As determined by the Board,
during the financial year , the Non-Executive Directors were p aid sitting fees amounting to Rs. 50,000/- and Rs. 10,000/- for attending
each Board Meeting and Audit Committee Meeting, respectively , of the Comp any.
The Company also reimburses the out of pocket expenses incurred by Directors for attending the meetings.
There has been no pecuniary relationship or transactions except the entitlement to the dividend declared by the comp any on the equity
shares held by them, if any , and/or the p ayment of sitting fees to the Non-Executive Directors for attending the Board and Audit
Committee Meetings of the Comp any during the year under review .
Details of sitting fees p aid to the Non-Executive Directors during the financial year 2024-25 are as follows:-
Name of Director Dates on which Board Meetings were held Sitting fees
(in Rs.)
24.04.2024 23.05.2024 23.07.2024 29.08.2024 29.10.2024 17.01.2025
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg O O O P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP 1,50,000
Sh. Sanjay Garg O P PP PP P PP PP O P PP PP P PP PP 2,00,000
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP O P PP PP P PP PP 2,50,000
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha O P PP PP O P PP PP P PP PP O 1,50,000
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP 3,00,000
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi O P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP NA NA 1,50,000
(upto 30.09.2024)
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy P PP PP O O O P PP PP P PP PP 1,50,000
Sh. Siddharth Bansal O O P PP PP O O P PP PP 1,00,000
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna NA NA NA NA P PP PP P PP PP 1,00,000
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
Total 15,50,000
Name of Director Dates on which Audit Committee Meetings were held Sitting fees
(in Rs.)
24.04.2024 23.05.2024 23.07.2024 29.08.2024 29.10.2024 17.01.2025
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha O P PP PP O P PP PP P PP PP O 30,000
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP O P PP PP P PP PP 50,000
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP P PP PP 60,000
Sh. Siddharth Bansal NA NA NA NA O O 0.00
(w.e.f. 01.10.2024)
Total 1,40,000
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, a Non-Executive Director of the Comp any, nominated by Tata Steel Limited (Equity Investor), is not
entitled to get any sitting fees for attending the Board Meeting of the Comp any, as per the policy of Tata Steel Limited.

[page 63]
60
Service Contract s, notice period, severance fees:
Sh. Dheeraj Garg was re-appointed as the Managing Director for a period of five (5) years w .e.f. 01.06.2023 by the Board of Directors
in their meeting held on 26.05.2023, and subsequently , his re-appointment was approved by the shareholders by way of special
resolution in the 37 th Annual General Meeting held on 23.08.2023. The term of his of fice is liable to retire by rot ation.
Sh. Mohan Joshi was appointed as Additional Director of the Company and also as Executive Director, designated as Deputy Managing
Director, for a term of five(5) years effective from 29.08.2024 by the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 29.08.2024. Subsequently,
his appointment was approved by the members of the comp any by way of special resolution in the 38th Annual General Meeting held
on 30.09.2024. The term of his of fice is liable to retire by rot ation.
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain was re-appointed as an Executive Director for a period of five (5) years w .e.f. 01.07.2023 by the Board of
Directors in their meeting held on 26.05.2023, and subsequently , his re-appointment was approved by the shareholders by way of
special resolution in the 37 th Annual General Meeting held on 23.08.2023. The term of his of fice is liable to retire by rot ation.
The appointment of Managing Director and Executive Director/Whole-time Director(s) is governed by the Articles of Association of the
Company, the resolutions p assed by the Board of Directors and shareholders of the Comp any.
Services of the Managing Director and Executive Directors may be terminated by either p arty by giving one month notice. There is no
provision for p ayment of severance fee.
Notice period/severance fee is not applicable to Non-Executive/ Independent Directors of the Comp any.
Details of Stock Options issued/granted to the Directors:
During the financial year under review , the Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) of the Board in it s meeting held on 13.03.2025
had granted 75000 stock options convertible into equal number of equity shares of FV of Rs. 1/- each to Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy
Managing Director of the comp any under the S teel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021) at an
exercise price of Rs. 20/- each. The Options granted shall vest on 13.03.2026 i.e. af ter completion of one(1) year from the date of grant
and the exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
Further, the Comp any has not issued/granted stock options to any of it s Promoters, Independent/Nominee/Non-Executive Directors
during the financial year under review .
Furthermore, the Allotment Committee of the Board in it s meeting held on 23.06.2025 had allotted 58400 equity shares of FV
Rs. 1/- each to Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director (Executive Director) of the Comp any upon exercise of his options at an
exercise price of Rs. 20/- each under the S teel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021). These
options were granted by the ECC on 16.03.2024 and vested on 16.03.2025 af ter completion of one(1) year from the date of grant.
III.
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE (SRC)
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (SRC) is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 20 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015 read with Section 178 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder (including any amendment s thereof). The role of SRC includes
resolving the grievances of shareholders and ensuring expeditious processing of all the investor request s in adherence to the regulatory
timelines.
Its terms of reference are in compliance with the governing provisions of the Act, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, which inter-alia,
includes the following:
(i) To consider and resolve the grievances of the security holders of the Company including complaints related to transfer/transmission
of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings
etc.;
(ii) To review measures t aken for ef fective exercise of voting right s by shareholders;
(iii) To review adherence to the service st andards adopted by the Comp any in respect of various services being rendered by the
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;
(iv) To review the measures and initiatives t aken by the Comp any for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring
timely receipt of dividend warrant s/annual report s/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Comp any.
During the financial year under review , one(1) meeting of SRC was held on 16.04.2024 and necessary quorum was present at the said
Committee meeting. The Company Secretary acts as the Secret ary of SRC.
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman of SRC attended the previous Annual General Meeting of the Comp any held on 30.09.2024.
The composition of the SRC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the SRC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Date of Meeting Meeting Held Meeting
16.04.2024 during the year attended
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman Independent Director P 1 1
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent Director P 1 1
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director P 1 1

[page 64]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
61
(i) Name, Designation, Address & E-mail of Compliance Of ficer:
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Comp any Secretary & Compliance Of ficer
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Corporate Office: SCO: 49-50, Sector – 26, Madhya Marg, Chandigarh - 160019
Telephone No. 0172- 27931 12
E-mail: kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com
(ii) Detail of shareholder ’s complaints received and redressed during the financial year 2024-25:
Opening Balance as on Received during Resolved during Closing Balance as on
April 01, 2024 the year the year March 31, 2025
0 5 4 1*
*In reference to the complaint pending as on March 31, 2025, the comp any had submitted it s reply on 28.03.2025. However , the
status of the complaint was up dated as “Closed” by BSE Lt d. on its portal on 04.04.2025.
INVESTOR GRIEVANCE RESOLUTION MECHANISM
• SCORES
SEBI Complaint Redressal System (SCORES) is a centralized web based complaint redressal facilit ation platform provided
for the benefit of aggrieved investors whose grievances against the listed comp any or any intermediary remain unresolved.
In order to strengthen the dispute resolution mechanism for all disputes between a listed comp any and/or registrars &
transfer agent s and it s shareholder(s)/investor(s), SEBI had issued a S tandard Operating Procedure (‘SOP’) vide Circular
dated May 30, 2022. As per this Circular , shareholder(s)/investor(s) can opt for S tock Exchange Arbitration Mechanism for
resolution of their disputes against the Comp any or it s RTA. Further , SEBI vide it s circulars SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/
2023/156 dated September 20, 2023 and SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/CIR/P/2023/183 dated December 01, 2023 has notified the
revised framework for handling and monitoring of the investor complaints received through SCORES platform by the company
and designated S tock Exchanges ef fective from April 1, 2024. The new version of SCORES 2.0 can be accessed by the
investors at 
https://scores.sebi.gov.in/.
• ONLINE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PORT AL
SEBI had introduced the Online Dispute Resolution (‘ODR’) Portal through which the aggrieved party can initiate the resolution
of disputes, after exercising the primary options to resolve its issue, directly with the Company and through the SEBI Complaint
Redress System (‘SCORES’) plat form. The process for online resolution of disputes in the securities market has been
provided by SEBI in it s Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated December 28, 2023.
The Comp any has complied with the aforementioned circular and the same is available at the website of the Comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/online-dispute-resolution-odr/ .
With the said Circular , the existing dispute resolution mechanism has been streamlined with the existing process of dispute
resolution mechanism in the Indian securities market under the aegis of S tock Exchanges and Depositories by exp anding
their scope and establishing a common Online Dispute Resolution Port al (“ODR Portal”) which harnesses online Conciliation
and online arbitration for resolution of disputes.
Further, the shareholders can access the ODR port al at https://smartodr.in/login or through comp any’s website by following
the link https://sswlindia.com/investors/online-dispute-resolution-odr/ .
IV. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE (CSRS COMMITTEE)
In accordance with provisions of Section 135 of the Act and relevant rules made thereunder , the Board of the company has constituted
the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee named as Corporate Social Responsibility and Sust ainability Committee (CSRS
Committee).
The terms of reference of the CSRS Committee in accordance with the Act and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 inter alia, includes
the following: -
(i) to formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR Policy which shall indicate the activities to be undert aken by the comp any in
areas or subject specified in Schedule VII of the Comp anies Act, 2013;
(ii) to recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR activities referred to in clause (i) ;
(iii) to monitor CSR Policy of the Comp any from time to time;
(iv) to review and monitor Comp any’s sustainability practices and
(v) discharge such duties and functions as indicated in the section 135 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder from
time to time and such other functions as may be delegated to the Committee by the Board from time to time.

[page 65]
62
The CSR policy is available on the Comp any’s website at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/csr-policy.pdf.
Pursuant to Section 135 of the Act read with rules made thereunder , Annual report on the CSR activities for the Financial Year 2024-25
as per the prescribed format is annexed as Annexure-V to the Board Report, forming p art of this Annual Report. . Further , the details
of the CSR activities is also available on the Comp any’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/csr/ .
During the financial year under review , six (6) meetings of CSRS Committee were held on 10.04.2024, 23.05.2024, 04.07.2024,
21.08.2024, 14.10.2024 and 06.01.2025. Necessary quorum was present at all the Committee meetings. The meetings of the CSRS
Committee are also attended by the Chief Financial Of ficer (CFO) and Head-CSR as special invitees. The Company Secretary acts as
the Secretary of CSRS Committee.
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan ceased to be the member of the CSRS Committee due to his resignation from the Directorship w .e.f.
10.06.2024.
Further, during the financial year under review , the Board by way of circular resolution no. 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, had
re-constituted the CSRS Committee with ef fect from 01.10.2024 by inducting Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director and
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director of the comp any as members of the CSRS Committee in place of Sh. Surinder Singh
Virdi, who ceased to be the Independent Director of the comp any due to completion of his tenure. Further , Sh. Virander Kumar Arya,
who was a member of the CSRS Committee, was elevated to be the Chairperson of the CSRS Committee.
The composition of the CSRS Committee (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and
attendance of the members of the CSRS Committee during the year is given below:-
Name of Category Dates of Meetings Meetings Meetings
Chairperson Held Attended
& Members 10.04.2024 23.05.2024 04.07.2024 21.08.2024 14.10.2024 06.01.2025 during
the year/
tenure
Sh. Surinder Singh Independent P P P P NA NA 4 4
Virdi, Chairman Director
(upto 30.09.2024)
Sh. Virander Kumar Independent P P P P P P 6 6
Arya, Chairman Director
Sh. Andra Veetil Executive P P NA NA NA NA 2 2
Unnikrishnan, Member Director
(upto 10.06.2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive P P P P P P 6 6
Member Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Independent NA NA NA NA P P 2 2
Gupta, Member Director
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive NA NA NA NA P P 2 2
Member Director
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
V. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (RMC)
The Company has duly constituted a Risk Management Committee (RMC) in concurrence with the provisions of Regulation 21 of the
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The Risk Management Policy of the Comp any was reviewed by the Board of Directors in their
meeting held on 24.04.2024 in compliance with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and provisions of the Act read with applicable rules
made thereunder .
The Company recognizes that Risk Management is an essential and integral part of good management practice which helps in efficiently
achieving business goals and deriving utmost benefit s from market opportunities. Risk Management is attempting to identify and then
manage threats that could severely impact or bring down the organization. Generally, this involves reviewing operations of the organization,
identifying potential threat s to the organization and the likelihood of their occurrence, and subsequently , taking appropriate actions to
address the most likely threat s.
The terms of reference of RMC, inter alia includes the following: -
(i) To formulate a det ailed risk management policy which shall include:
a) A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the Comp any, in particular including financial,
operational, sectoral, sust ainability (particularly, ESG related risks), information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may
be determined by the Committee.

[page 66]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
63
b) Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.
c) Business continuity plan.
(ii) To ensure that appropriate methodology , processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated with the
business of the Comp any;
(iii) To monitor and oversee implement ation of the risk management policy , including evaluating the adequacy of risk management
systems;
(iv) To periodically review the risk management policy , at least once in two years, including by considering the changing industry
dynamics and evolving complexity;
(v) To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of it s discussions, recommendations and actions to be
taken;
(vi) The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Of ficer (if any) shall be subject to review by the Risk
Management Committee.
During the financial year under review , two (2) meetings of RMC were held i.e. on 15.04.2024 & 04.1 1.2024 and the intervening gap
between the two consecutive meetings did not exceed two hundred and ten (210) days. Necessary quorum was present at the said
meetings. The Company Secretary acts as a Secret ary of the RMC.
Further, during the financial year under review , the RMC was reconstituted by the Board twice that is w .e.f 10.06.2024 and 01.10.2024
in following manner:
• through circular resolution 03/2024-25 dated 10.06.2024, by inducting Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director
and Sh. Naveen Sorot, Chief Financial Of ficer (CFO) of the Comp any as Members of the Committee in place of Sh. Andra Veetil
Unnikrishnan, who ceased to be member of RMC due to his resignation from the Directorship of the Comp any w.e.f. 10.06.2024.
• through circular resolution 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, by inducting Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director of the company
as member of the Committee in place of Sh. Sanjay Garg. Sh. Sanjay Garg ceased to be member w .e.f. 01.10.2024 due to his
other commitment s.
The composition of the RMC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the RMC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Dates of Meetings Meetings Held Meetings
during the year Attended
15.04.2024 04.11.2024 /tenure
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Chairman Independent Director P P 2 2
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Member Executive Director P NA 1 1
(upto 10.06.2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director P P 2 2
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Member Non-Independent, Non- NA NA NA NA
(from 10.06.2024 to 01.10.2024) Executive Director
Sh. Naveen Sorot, Member Chief Financial Of ficer NA P 1 1
(w.e.f 10.06.2024) (CFO)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Member Executive Director NA P 1 1
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
VI. EMPLOYEE COMPENSA TION COMMITTEE (ECC)
The Company has constituted Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) to formulate det ailed terms and conditions of the Employee
Stock Option Plan (ESOP) which, inter alia includes the following:
(i) The quantum of options to be of fered and granted per employee and in aggregate under ESOS Scheme(s) to employee;
(ii) The conditions under which options may vest in employees and may lap se in case of termination of employment for misconduct;
(iii) The exercise period within which the employee can exercise the options and that options would lap se on failure to exercise the
same within the exercise period;
(iv) The specified time period within which the employee shall exercise the vested options in the event of termination or resignation of
an employee;
(v) The right of an employee to exercise all the options vested in him at one time or at various points of time within the exercise period;
(vi) The procedure for making fair and reasonable adjustment to the entitlement including adjustment to the number of options and to
the exercise price in case of corporate actions such as right s issues, bonus issues, split or sub-division, merger , sale of division
and others;

[page 67]
64
(vii) The grant, vesting and exercise of options in case of employees who are on long leave;
(viii) The procedure for funding the exercise of options;
(ix) Any other matter , which may be relevant for administration of Employee S tock Option Schemes (ESOS) from time to time.
During the financial year under review , one (1) meeting of ECC was held i.e. on 13.03.2025. Further , necessary quorum was present at
the said meeting. The Company Secretary acts as the Secret ary of ECC.
Furthermore, during the financial year under review , the ECC was reconstituted by the Board by way of circular resolution 04/2024-25
dated 01.10.2024 by inducting Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director of the comp any as member and Chairman of the Committee
in place of Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, who ceased to be the Independent Director of the comp any w.e.f 01.10.2024 due to completion of
his tenure.
The composition of the ECC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the ECC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Date of Meeting Meetings Held Meetings
13.03.2025 during the Attended
tenure/year
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, Chairman (upto 30.09.2024) Independent Director NA NA NA
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Chairman (w .e.f 01.10.2024) Independent Director P 1 1
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent Director P 1 1
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Member Independent Director P 1 1
VII. SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE (STC)
The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted Share Transfer Committee (STC) to approve and expedite the process of share
transfers, issue of share certificate/ Letter of Confirmation pursuant to duplicate/remat/renewal/exchange of share certificates/name
deletion request s, etc. as and when received by the comp any. During the financial year under review , the STC met Twenty (20) times
i.e. on 01.04.2024, 17.04.2024, 07.05.2024, 13.05.2024, 29.05.2024, 12.06.2024, 24.06.2024, 01.07.2024, 12.07.2024, 12.08.2024,
12.09.2024, 23.09.2024, 15.10.2024, 03.1 1.2024, 04.11.2024, 06.01.2025, 15.01.2025, 20.01.2025, 13.03.2025 and 21.03.2025. The
necessary quorum was present at all the meetings. All the investor service requests were processed within the prescribed the timelines.The
Company Secretary acts as a Secret ary of the STC.
Further, during the financial year under review , the Board through circular resolution 03/2024-25 dated 10.06.2024, had re-constituted
the STC with ef fect from 10.06.2024 by inducting Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director as member of the
Committee in place of Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Executive Director , who ceased to be the member of the STC w .e.f. 10.06.2024
due to his resignation from the Directorship of the comp any.
The composition of the STC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the STC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category Meetings Held Meetings Attended
during the
year/tenure
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Chairman Independent Director 20 20
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Member Executive Director 20 20
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Member (upto 10.06.2024) Executive Director 05 05
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Member (w .e.f 10.06.2024) Non-Executive, 15 15
Non-Independent Director
VIII. FINANCE COMMITTEE
The Board of Directors of the Comp any has constituted a Finance Committee (FC). The Board in its meeting held on 15.05.2025 have
reviewed the terms of reference of the FC and amended the same which inter alia includes the following:
• to borrow sum or sums of money not exceeding Rs. 2000.00 crores, from time to time, for the purpose of the business of the
Company, from any Indian or Foreign Bank(s), Financial Institution(s) and /or any other Indian or foreign lending institutions or
persons, firms, bodies corporate, or any other person on such terms and conditions and with or without security as it may in it s
discretion think fit;
• to do all the necessary act, deeds things as may be required for the purpose to avail borrowing facilities and to create security on
the assets of the Comp any;
• to open, close and authorize various of ficials of the Company to operate various bank account s (Current/Cash Credit/ Escrow/any
other account) of the Company either electronically (E-net/net banking) and/or by way of manual/physical submission of documents;

[page 68]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
65
• to manage exchange rate and interest rate exposures of the Comp any through entering into following transactions with various
banks:-
i. Foreign Exchange Cash, Tom, Spot and Forward Contract s
ii. Currency Swap s including Cross-Currency Swap s
iii. Interest Rate Swap s and Forward Rate Agreements
iv. Interest rate cap s and floors
v. Interest Rate Options
vi. Swaption
vii. Combination two or more aforementioned product s including cost reduction structures
viii. Permitted / S tructured derivative product s as defined by Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Market-makers in OTC
Derivatives) Directions, 2021’
any other Product which is permitted under the ext ant regulatory guidelines
During the financial year under review , the FC met four (04) times on 23.08.2024, 18.10.2024, 27.12.2024 and 28.02.2025. Necessary
quorum was present at all the FC Meetings. The Company Secretary acts as the Secret ary of FC.
Further, during the financial year under review , the FC was reconstituted by the Board twice that is w .e.f. 10.06.2024 and 01.10.2024
in following manner:
• through circular resolution 03/2024-25 dated 10.06.2024, by inducting Sh. V irander Kumar Arya, Independent Director as new
Chairperson and member of the Committee in place of Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, who ceased to be member of FC w.e.f.
10.06.2024, due to his resignation from the Directorship of the comp any.
• through circular resolution 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, by inducting Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director of the company
as new member and Chairman of the Committee. Sh. V irander Kumar Arya continued as member of the Finance Committee.
The composition of the FC (including name of Members & Chairperson) alongwith the det ails of the meetings held and attendance of
the members of the FC during the year is given below:-
Name of Chairperson Category Dates of meetings Meetings held Meetings
& Members during the Attended
23.08.2024 18.10.2024 27.12.2024 28.02.2025 year/tenure
Sh. Andra Veetil Executive NA NA NA NA NA NA
Unnikrishnan, Chairman Director
(upto 10.06.2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Executive P P P P 4 4
Chairman Director
(w.e.f 01.10.2024)
Sh. Virander Kumar Independent NA NA P P 2 2
Arya, Member Director
(w.e.f 10.06.2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive P P P P 4 4
Member Director
Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive, P P P P 4 4
Member Non-Independent
Director
IX.
ALLOTMENT COMMITTEE
The Comp any has an Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors for allotment of shares to the employees of the Comp any who
have exercised the stock options granted to them under Employee S tock Option Scheme(s) of the Comp any.
No meeting of the Allotment Committee was held during the financial year under review . The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary
of Allotment Committee.
During the financial year under review, the Board by way of circular resolution 04/2024-25 dated 01.10.2024, re-constituted the Allotment
Committee with effect from 01.10.2024 by inducting Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupta, Independent Director as new member of the Committee
in place of Sh. Surinder Singh Virdi, who ceased to be Independent Director of the Comp any w.e.f. 01.10.2024 due to completion of his
tenure.

[page 69]
66
The composition of the Allotment Committee (including name of Members & Chairperson) is given below:-
Name of Chairperson & Members Category
Sh. Dheeraj Garg , Chairman Managing Director
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, Member (upto 30.09.2024) Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Member Independent Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Member (w.e.f 01.10.2024) Independent Director
SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMP ANY:
In accordance with Clause 5B of Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the p articulars of the senior management
personnel (SMP) as on 31.03.2025 and changes therein since the close of the previous financial year are as follows:
S. Name of the Senior Designation Nature Of Change During the FY 2024-25
No. Management Personnel
1 Sh. Sushil Gupt a Senior Executive Director -Marketing -
2 Sh. Rajesh Trikha Senior Executive Director - Project s -
3 Sh. Sandeep Sharma Senior Executive Director - Commercials Cessation w.e.f. 24.02.2025
4 Sh. Mohan Joshi Executive Director (Commercials) Appointment as Deputy Managing Director ,
Executive Director (KMP) of the Comp any w.e.f
29.08.2024
5 Sh. R. Ravi Shankar President -Research & Development -
6 Sh. Aditya Deepak Dixit President - Marketing -
7 Sh. Satish Kumar V aranasi President-Operations Cessation w.e.f 31.05.2024
8 Sh. Ganesh Niranjan Dhamode Executive V ice President -Project s -
9 Sh. Pathik Almoula Chief Human Resource Of ficer -
10 Sh. Naveen Sorot Chief Financial Of ficer (CFO, KMP) -
11 Sh. Shaman Jindal Company Secretary (CS, KMP) Relieved as Comp any secret ary and Re-
designated as President - Commercial w .e.f
30.10.2024
12 Ms. Kanika Sapra Company Secretary (CS, KMP) Appointed as Comp any Secret ary and
Compliance Of ficer w.e.f 30.10.2024
13 Sh. Anirudh Laroiya General Manager -Information Technology -
After the closure of Financial Year, there were following changes in the category of SMP:
(i) Sh. Rajesh Trikha, Senior Executive Director-Project s ceased to be the SMP of the Company w.e.f 10.04.2025 due to resignation.
(ii) Sh. Pathik Almoula, Chief Human Resource Of ficer ceased to be the SMP  of the Comp any w.e.f 31.07.2025 due to resignation.
MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECT ORS
During FY  2024-25, a sep arate meeting of Independent Directors was held on 10.10.2024, which was attended by all independent
Directors at that time.
In compliance with Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 25(3) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,2015, the Independent Directors held
their separate meeting on 09.05.2025, without the attendance of Non-Independent directors and members of the Management, inter
alia, to discuss the following:
• reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;
• reviewed the performance of the Chairperson of the Comp any, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-
Executive Directors; and
• assessed the quality , quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the management of the comp any and the Board of
Directors that is necessary for the Board of directors to ef fectively and reasonably perform their duties.
All Independent Directors were present at the meeting. Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director of the Comp any was unanimously
elected as the Chairman of the said meeting of Independent Directors.
During the financial year under review , Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna has been appointed as an Independent Director of the Comp any to
hold office for a term of five (5) consecutive years with ef fect from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.

[page 70]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
67
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi had expressed his unwillingness for re-appointment for the second term as an Independent Director of the
company upon completion of his first term of five (5) consecutive years on 30.09.2024, due to his pre-occup ation and other personal
commitments. Therefore, he ceased to be Independent Director of the Comp any with ef fect from 01.10.2024.
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
(a) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
Date, time and location of AGMs held for the previous three (3) financial years are given as under:
Financial year Date of Meetings Time of Meetings Location of Meetings
2023-24 (38 th AGM) 30.09.2024
2022-23 (37 th AGM) 23.08.2023 11:00 A.M.
2021-22 (36 th AGM) 30.09.2022
(b) Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)
No EGM of the members of the Comp any was held during the financial year 2024-25.
(c) Special Resolution p assed in the previous three Annual General Meetings
• At the 38th AGM held on 30.09.2024, five (5) S pecial resolutions were p assed as follows:
i. Appointment of Sh. Mohan Joshi (DIN: 07526082) as an Executive Director designated as Deputy Managing Director of
the Company for a period of five(5) years ef fective from 29.08.2024 to 28.08.2029.
ii. Appointment of Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna (DIN: 10744212) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for a period of
five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
iii. Re-appointment and continuation of Directorship of Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a (DIN: 00154404) as an Independent
Director of the Comp any for a second term of five (5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
iv. Re-appointment of Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha (DIN: 02289613) as an Independent Director of the Comp any, notwithstanding
that he has att ained the age of seventy-five (75) years for a second term of five(5) consecutive years ef fective from
01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
v. Re-appointment Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy (DIN: 08763741) as an Independent Director of the Comp any for a second
term of five(5) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2024 to 30.09.2029.
• At the 37th AGM held on 23.08.2023, five (5) S pecial resolutions were p assed as follows:
i. To Re-appoint Sh. Dheeraj Garg, (DIN: 00034926), as Managing Director of the Comp any for a period of 5 years
effective from 01.06.2023 till 31.05.2028.
ii. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan (DIN: 02498195) as Deputy Managing
Director of the Comp any for a period of 5 years ef fective from 01.01.2024 till 31.12.2028.
iii. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591) as Executive Director of the
Company for a period of 5 years ef fective from 01.07.2023 till 30.06.2028.
iv. To Re-appoint and Continue the Directorship of Sh. Virander Kumar Arya (DIN: 00751005) as Non-Executive Independent
Director of the Comp any for the second term of three (3) consecutive years ef fective from 01.10.2023 to 30.09.2026.
v. To Continue the Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
Company.
• At the 36th AGM held on 30.09.2022, no S pecial resolution was p assed.
SPECIAL RESOLUTION P ASSED THROUGH POST AL BALLOT, THE PERSONS WHO CONDUCTED THE POST AL BALLOT
EXERCISE, DETAILS OF THE VOTING PATTERN AND PROCEDURE OF POSTAL BALLOT
During the FY  2024-25, no resolution was p assed by way of Post al Ballot. Hence, disclosure under this section is not applicable.
SPECIAL RESOLUTION PROPOSED T O BE CONDUCTED THROUGH POST AL BALLOT
None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires p assing of the special resolution through post al ballot.
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
The Company recognizes the import ance of two-way communication with Shareholders and of giving a balanced reporting of result s
and progress. Timely disclosure of consistent, comp arable, relevant and reliable information on corporate financial performance is at
the core of good governanc e. Towards this end, major step s taken are as under:
Village Somalheri/Lehli, P . O. Dapp ar, Tehsil
Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S. Nagar Mohali, Punjab,
140506

[page 71]
68
Financial Results: The quarterly, half-yearly and yearly financial result s of the company are generally published in two newspapers i.e.
‘Financial Express’ (English) & ‘Desh Sewak’ (Punjabi) and are also submitted to the stock exchanges within the st atutory time period
from the conclusion of the Board Meeting(s) at which these are considered and approved. Further , they are also posted on the website
of the Comp any at https://sswlindia.com/investors/quarterly-annual-financial-result s/ for the reference of all the st akeholders.
Other Information: The Company discloses to the stock exchanges, all information required to be disclosed under Regulation 30 read
with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 including material information having a bearing on the
performance/ operations of the Comp any and other price sensitive information.
All the information is filed electronically with the stock exchanges where the comp any’s equity shares are listed i.e. at the online port al
of BSE Limited– Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre (BSE Listing Centre) as well as the online port al of National Stock Exchange
of India Limited (NSE) – NSE’ s Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS).
Website: The Company’s website https://sswlindia.com/  contains a separate dedicated section titled as “Investors” wherein information
for shareholders is readily available. The Quarterly/Annual Financial Result s, annual report s, analysts’ presentations, investor forms,
stock exchange information, shareholding pattern, corporate governance, corporate benefits, polices, contact details, details of unclaimed
dividend and shares transferred to IEPF , updated credit ratings, news releases, SEBI Circulars, etc., are posted on the website in
compliance to the provisions under Regulation 46 of the SEBI(LODR), Regulations, 2015.
Analyst/Institutional Investors Presentations: All the official news released and presentations made to analysts/institutional investors,
submitted by the Company to the stock exchanges are also displayed on the website of the Company. Further, as per the SEBI (LODR),
Regulations, 2015, audio recordings and transcript s of post earnings/quarterly calls are also submitted to the stock exchanges and
uploaded on the website of the Comp any at 
https://sswlindia.com/investors/analyst s-investors-meetings/  .
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(i) Annual General Meeting for Financial Year 2024-25
Date 30.09.2025
Day Tuesday
Time 11:00 A.M. (IST)
Venue Registered Of fice i.e. V illage Somalheri/ Lehli, P .O. Dappar, Teh.
Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S. Nagar (Mohali), Punjab, 140506
Mode Physical
(ii) Financial Year 1st April to 31 st March
(iii) Year Ending 31.03.2025
(iv) Financial Calendar (tent ative) for Result s for
Quarter ending June, 2025 3rd week of July, 2025
Quarter ending September , 2025 3rd week of October , 2025
Quarter ending December , 2025 3rd week of January , 2026
Quarter ending March, 2026 4th week of May, 2026
(v) Record date for Dividend Entitlement 23.09.2025
(vi) Book Closure 24.09.2025 to 30.09.2025 (both days inclusive)
(vii) Dividend Payment date On or before 29.10.2025 (Subject to the approval of shareholders
at the AGM)
(viii) Name and Address of Stock Exchange at which (a) BSE Ltd. (BSE), Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal S treet,
Company’s securities are Listed Mumbai-400001, Maharashtra, India
(b) National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), Exchange
Plaza, Plot No. C/1, Block-G , Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra
(E), Mumbai-400051, Maharashtra, India
(ix) Annual Listing fees The Comp any has p aid Annual listing fees to both the aforesaid
stock exchanges and there is no out standing payment as on date.
(x) Stock Code
BSE Ltd. (BSE) 513262
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) SSWL
(xi) ISIN of the Comp any’s shares in Demat form INE802C01033 (with NSDL and CDSL)
The Company’s shares were not suspended from trading during the financial year under review .

[page 72]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
69
(xii) Registrar and Share Transfer Agents (RTA): Members may correspond with the Company’s registrar and share transfer agent (RTA),
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (‘MUFG’), quoting their folio numbers/ DP ID and Client ID at the following address.
Name and address : MUFG Intime India Pvt. Lt d.#
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Lt d)
Noble Heights 1st Floor,
Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block,
LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri,
New Delhi - 110058
Phone Number : 011-49411000, 41410592, 93, 94
Fax : 011-41410591
Email :
delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website : https://in.mpms.mufg.com
#The R TA of the comp any vide it s email dated 17.05.2024 had informed that M/s. Mit subishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corporation, a
consolidated subsidiary of M/s. Mit subishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG), has acquired 100% shareholding of Link Group by way
of Scheme of Arrangement with necessary approvals from all concerned Regulators including SEBI. As a result, the name of R TA has
been changed from M/s. Link Intime India Private Limited to M/s. MUFG Intime India Pvt. Lt d. with effect from December 31, 2024.
(xiii) Share Transfer System
Trading in equity shares of the Comp any through recognized stock exchanges is permitted only in dematerialised form. Securities of
the listed comp anies can be transferred only in dematerialised form w .e.f. April 1, 2019. All Investor Service Request s viz Transfer,
Transmission, Name deletion, Dematerialisation, etc. are handled by M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link
Intime India Private Limited), Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Comp any.
Further, SEBI in continuation of it s efforts to enhance ease of dealing in securities market by investors vide it s Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/
2024/37 dated May 7, 2024, has mandated the listed entities to issue securities for the following service request s only in dematerialized
form and through issue of Letter of confirmation:
(i) Issue of duplicate securities certificate;
(ii) Claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account;
(iii) Renewal/ Exchange of securities certificate;
(iv) Endorsement; Sub-division/S plitting of securities certificate;
(v) Consolidation of securities certificates/folios;
(vi) Transmission and Transpositions
The ‘Letter of Confirmation’  shall be valid for a period of 120 days from the date of it s issuance, within which the securities holder/
claimant shall make a request to it s respective Depository Particip ant for dematerializing the said securities. In case of non-receipt of
demat request from the securities holder/claimant within 120 days of the date of Letter of Confirmation, the shares will be credited to
Suspense Escrow Demat Account (SEDA) of the Comp any. However, the shareholders/claimant s can claim back their shares from
SEDA by submitting the required document s to R TA as per SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated
7th May 2024. Any corporate benefit s in terms of securities accruing on the securities transferred to SEDA  viz. bonus, split, etc., shall
be credited to such SEDA.
The manner and process of making application as per the revised framework and operational guidelines thereto is available on the
website of the RTA at 
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/client-downloads.html  and the Company at https://sswlindia.com/investors/investor-
service-request/  .
Details of shares transferred to / released from SEDA  :In compliance to the aforementioned circular , during the financial year under
review, the company transferred certain shares, wherein the request for dematerialisation of shares was not received within timeline of
120 days from the date of issuance of Letter of Confirmation to Suspense Escrow Demat Account (“SEDA”) of the Comp any opened for
the said purpose, as per the following det ails:
Particulars No. of Shareholders No. of Shares
No. of shareholders and their shares lying in SEDA  as on April 1, 2024 NIL NIL
No. of shareholders and their shares transferred to SEDA during FY 2024-25 9 12000
No. of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from SEDA during FY 2024-25 NIL NIL
No. of shareholders and their shares lying in SEDA as on March 31, 2025 9 12000

[page 73]
70
Special Window For Re-Lodgement Of T ransfer Requests Of Physical Shares:
Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated
July 2, 2025, investors of the comp any are hereby informed that a S pecial W indow for re-lodgment of transfer request s of physical
shares has been opened for a period of six (6) months i.e. from July 7, 2025 till January 6, 2026. Investors who had submitted transfer
requests for physical shares prior to April 1, 2019 (the date from which transfer of securities in physical form was discontinued), and
whose requests were rejected or returned due to deficiencies in document s/process/or otherwise, are now provided an opportunity to
re-lodge such transfer request s.
Eligible investors may re-lodge their earlier request s with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“R TA”) of the Comp any i.e MUFG
Intime India Private Limited (formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) along with requisite documents and rectifying deficiency,
if any, during the aforementioned S pecial W indow period and may send the document s to the Comp any or R TA of the Comp any i.e
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt Lt d).
Updation of PAN, KYC and Nomination det ails
SEBI vide its circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 07, 2024 read with SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, has made mandatory for holders of physical securities to furnish P AN, Postal Address with
PIN code, Mobile Number, Bank Account details, Specimen Signature before getting any investor service request processed. Updation
of Email Address and Nomination of shareholders is optional, the security holders are advised to register Nomination and email
address to avail online services. In case of non-updation of P AN or Contact Details (Postal Address with PIN code) or Mobile Number
or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature in respect of physical folios, dividend/interest etc. shall be p aid only through electronic
mode with effect from April 01, 2024, upon furnishing all the aforesaid det ails in entirety .
Members may refer to the F AQs provided by SEBI in this regard, for investor awareness, on it s website at
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebi_dat a/faqfiles/jul-2025/1752726453064.pdf .
Members who are yet to update details in their physical folios are, therefore, requested to update their details with Company/RTA by submitting
Form ISR-1 which is available on website of the Company at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/Form-ISR-1.pdf.
The Company has sent individual letters to all the members holding shares in physical form to furnish their P AN, Nomination, Cont act
details, Bank A/c details and Specimen signature. The relevant circular(s) and necessary forms in this regard have been made available
on the website of the Comp any at http://sswlindia.com/investor/  under the head ‘Investor Service Request’  and R TA’s website at
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html . Members are advised to register/update their det ails with the Comp any/RTA, in
compliance with the said circular for smooth processing of their service request s.
In view of above, to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of port folio management, members holding shares
in physical form are advised to consider converting their holdings to dematerialised form. The members are accordingly requested to
get in touch with any Depository Particip ant having registration with SEBI to open a Demat account to seek guidance in the demat
procedure. Also members can cont act the Comp any or RTA, for assist ance in this regard.
(xiv) Distribution of Shareholding
(a) Class-wise Distribution of Equity Shares as on 31.03.2025:
Shares/Debentures Holding of Nominal V alue No. of Number of % of
Shareholders* Shares held Shareholding
1 to 500 61,032 62,77,014 4.00
501 - 1000 5,206 43,96,100 2.80
1001 - 2000 2,328 37,14,533 2.37
2001 - 3000 721 18,69,713 1.19
3001 - 4000 292 10,64,283 0.68
4001 - 5000 275 13,09,243 0.83
5001 - 10000 446 31,73,417 2.02
10001 and above 284 13,51,25,022 86.11
Total 70,584 15,69,29,325 100.00
* Without consolidating the folios on the basis of P AN

[page 74]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
71
(b) Shareholding Pattern as on 31.03.2025:
S. No. Particulars No. of Shares held* % age of Total
1. Promoter and Promoter Group 9,61,03,152 61.24
2. Mutual Funds & Other Financial Institutions/Insurance Comp anies / 79,38,022 5.06
Alternative Investment Fund
3. Foreign Direct Investment/ Foreign Port folio Investor 1,05,24,193 6.71
4. Directors and their relatives 2,62,136 0.17
5. Indian Body Corporate 1,22,21,545 7.79
6. Individuals 2,43,44,321 15.51
7. Any other:
Non Resident s 21,15,516 1.35
Clearing Members 710 0.00
HUF 7,15,778 0.46
Trust 1,99,628 0.13
IEPF 23,75,094 1.51
LLP 1,17,230 0.07
Unclaimed or Suspense or Escrow Account 12,000 0.00
Total 15,69,29,325 100.00
* With consolidating the folios on the basis of P AN.
(xv) Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity
As on 31.03.2025, there were 70,584* equity shareholders of the Company. Out of these, 69,554* shareholders were holding 15,56,00,045
(99.15%) equity shares in the dematerialized form and rest of them i.e. 1030* shareholders were holding 13,29,280 (0.85%)  equity
shares in physical form. The non-promoters holding as on 31.03.2025 is 38.76% and the stock is liquid.
The Company’s scrip forms part of the compulsory demat segment for all investors and can only be traded in dematerialized form. The
Company has est ablished connectivity with both the depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) through it s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e. M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(MUFG) (formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited ). The Company had also appointed MUFG as common Agency to look
after dematerialization of shares as well as for physical transfer of shares.
*The number of shareholders have been considered on the basis of folio and not on P AN basis.
(xvi) Outstanding GDR/ADR or warrant s or any convertible instrument s, conversion date and likely imp act on equity
As on 31.03.2025, the Comp any has no out standing GDR/ADR or warrant s or any other convertible instrument s.
(xvii) Corporate Identification Number(CIN) : L27107PB1985PLC006159
(xviii) Plant Location  : (a) Village Somalheri/ Lehli, P .O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, District SAS Nagar (Mohali), Punjab, 140506
(b) Plot No. A-10, SIPCOT  Industrial Growth Centre, Oragadam, V allam V illage, Sriperumbudur Taluk,
District Kancheepuram, Tamil Nadu, 602105
(c) Plot No. 733, 734, 735, 747 Mouza Jojobera, P . O. & P. S. Chhota Govindpur East Singhbhum, District
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, 831015
(d) Plot No. 77,78,136B,394, V illage- Martoli/ Tejpura, Taluka – Jot ana, District – Mehsana, Gujarat, India,
384430
(e) Village-Muria, P.O.- Kolabira Thana No.-150 District Saraikela- Kharsawan, Jharkhand, 833220
(xix) Address for Correspondence:
To the Registrar & Share T ransfer Agents To the Company (Corporate Office)
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Lt d. Steel Strips Wheels Limited
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Lt d) S.C.O 49-50, Sector 26
Noble Heights 1st Floor, Madhya Marg,
Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, Chandigarh-160019
LSC Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi - 1 10058 Phone No.: 0172- 27931 12
Phone Number 011-49411000, 41410592,93,94 Email ID: kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com
Fax Number  : 011-41410591 Contact Person: Ms. Kanika Sapra
Email : delhi@in.mpms.mufg.com
Contact Person : Sh. Swap an Kumar Naskar

[page 75]
72
(xx) LIST OF ALL CREDIT RATINGS OBTAINED BY THE ENTITY ALONG WITH ANY REVISIONS THERETO DURING THE FINANCIAL
YEAR UNDER REVIEW , FOR ALL DEBT INSTRUMENTS OF SUCH ENTITY  OR ANY FIXED DEPOSIT PROGRAMME OR ANY
SCHEME OR PROPOSAL  OF THE LISTED ENTITY  INVOLVING MOBILIZATION OF FUNDS, WHETHER IN INDIA  OR ABROAD
During the financial year 2024-25, the Comp any obtained credit rating from India Ratings and Research Pvt. Lt d. (Ind-Ra) (a 100%
owned subsidiary of Fitch Group) for credit facilities, the det ails of which are as follows:
Instrument Type Ratings by India Ratings and Research
Fund Based W orking Capit al Limits IND AA-/Stable/IND A1+
Term Loans IND AA-/Stable
Non-Fund Based W orking Capit al Limits IND AA-/Stable /IND A1+
The affirmation reflects a sustained improvement in SSWL’s revenue and credit metrics over FY20-FY24, a resilient operating profitability,
rangebound EBITDA margins, a reduction in promoter’s shares pledge to nil as of September 2024 from 4.92% in September 2023 and an
increased share of higher-margin business (alloy wheels) in the revenue, leading to a significant improvement in its business profile. The
same is also available on the Company’s website at https://sswlindia.com/investors/credit-rating/. Ind-Ra expects the revenue to increase by
5% - 6% YOY in FY2024-25, as it would be the first full year of operations of the exp anded alloy wheel facilities, and the comp any’s
performance is likely to be better in the second half of FY 2024-25 compared to the first half, supported by likely recovery in certain industry
segments. The revenue is likely also to benefit from the increased capacities in aluminium knuckles over the medium term.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
(i)  Related Party Transactions
During the financial year 2024-25, all contract s / arrangements / transactions entered into by the Comp any with related parties were in
the ordinary course of business and on an arm’ s length basis and there were no material related p arty contract s / arrangement s /
transactions entered by the Comp any with related p arties. Further, the related p arty transactions undert aken by the Comp any during
the year under review were in compliance with the provisions set out in the Act read with the rules issued thereunder and Regulation 23
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
All related p arty transactions were placed before the Audit Committee for their prior approval in accordance with the requirement s of
the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Necessary det ails for each of the Related Party Transactions
as applicable along with the justification were provided to the Audit Committee in terms of the Comp any’s Policy on Materiality of and
Dealing with Related Party Transactions and as required under SEBI Master Circulars issued from time to time. The Audit Committee,
during the financial year 2024-25, has approved related p arty transactions along with granting omnibus approval in line with the policy
of the Company on materiality of Related Party Transactions and dealing with related p arty transactions and the applicable provisions
of the Act read with the Rules issued thereunder and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (including any st atutory modification (s) or re-
enactment (s) thereof for the time being in force). The transactions entered into pursuant to such approval were placed periodically
before the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
The policy on materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions as approved and adopted by the Board is
uploaded on the website of the Company under the link 
http://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/relatedpartytransaction.pdf.
Disclosure as required under IND AS 24 has been made in Note 41 of the both S tandalone and Consolidated Financial S tatements of
the Company. Further, as per the Regulation 23(9) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company has also submitted the disclosures
of Related Party transactions to the Stock Exchanges on which the equity shares of the company are listed in the prescribed format and
also published it on the website of the Comp any.
None of the Directors has any pecuniary relationship s or transactions vis-à-vis the Comp any except remuneration, sitting fees and
dividend on the shares held by them.
(ii) No penalties, strictures were imposed on the Comp any by Stock Exchanges or SEBI, or any other st atutory authority, on any matter
related to capit al markets, during the last three (3) years.
(iii) The Company has established the Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy of the Comp any in line with the Section 177(9) & 177(10) of
the Act and in accordance with Regulation 22 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable SEBI Regulations, enabling
employees to report insider trading violations as well as reporting of inst ances of leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information and
has established the necessary vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report their genuine concerns. No personnel have been
denied access to the audit committee. This mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of director (s) /employee
(s) or any other person, who avail the said mechanism and also provides for direct access to the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of the
audit committee in appropriate and exceptional cases. The policy with the name and address of the Ethics Counsellor or Chairman of
the Audit Committee has been communicated to the employees by uploading the same on the website of the Comp any. The employees
can directly cont act the Chairman of the Audit Committee on the email address as mentioned in the ‘V igil Mechanism/Whistle Blower
Policy’ uploaded on the Comp any’s website at 
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/whistleblower .pdf. During
the financial year 2024-25, the Comp any has not received any inst ances of genuine concerns from Directors or employees.

[page 76]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
73
(iv) In Compliance with the Regulation 24A  of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015, read with
Annexure 15 of SEBI’s Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 1 1, 2024 , the Company has obtained an
Annual Secret arial Compliance Report from Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Proprietor of M/s. S.K Sikka & Associates, Practicing Comp any
Secretaries, confirming compliances with all applicable SEBI Regulations, Circulars and Guidelines for the year ended 31.03.2025.
(v) The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirement s specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation
46(2) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
(vi) Details of adoption of the non-mandatory requirement as specified in Part E of Schedule II:
(a) The Non-Executive Chairperson of the comp any has been provided a Chairperson’ s office at the corporate office of the Company
at Company’s expenses and also allowed reimbursement of expenses incurred in performance of his duties.
(b) During the year under review , there is no audit qualification on the Comp any’s financial st atements. The Company continues to
adopt best practice to ensure regime of financial st atements with unmodified audit opinion.
(c) The Internal Auditor of the Comp any has direct access to the Audit Committee and present s his internal audit report to the Audit
Committee.
(viii) In compliance to the Regulation 26(5) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Senior Management of the Company have made disclosures
to the Board of Directors confirming that no material, financial and commercial transactions, have been entered into by them with the
Company, where they have personal interest, which could have potential conflict of interest with the Comp any at large.
(ix) The Company has not adopted any alternative accounting treatment prescribed dif ferently from the Indian Accounting Standard (IND
AS) laid down by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) in prep aration of it s financial st atements.
(x) Risk Management:  The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee (RMC) for the risk assessment and to decide on
risk minimization procedures. These procedures are periodically reviewed by the RMC to ensure that executive management controls
risk through means of a properly defined framework.
(xi) Disclosure on Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities:
The Company is in the business of manufacturing of wheel rims and knuckles. S teel and Aluminum being the primary raw material is
the key to Comp any’s profitability. Presently, the Comp any imports some of the raw material and that imp acts the profit ability due to
adverse currency movement. The Company is already taking steps to indigenize the imported raw material by developing it with Indian
vendors and de-risking the business model.
As regards foreign exchange risk, a significant portion of the Comp any’s inflows and outflows are in foreign currency, the exchange rate
fluctuations between the Indian rupee and the foreign currency af fects the company’s results of operation. Therefore, keeping in view
the position of rupee vis-à-vis foreign currency , the Company has been assertive in t aking forward cover for export s and import s.
The Company regularly informs the Board of Directors about the risk assessment, if any , along with recommendations to reduce the
risk.
Exposure of the Comp any to commodity and commodity risks faced by the entity throughout the year under review:
a. Total exposure of the Comp any to commodities in INR:
The Value of tot al inventory held by the Comp any for Raw Material, W ork in Progress and Finished Goods (including stock in
trade) as on 31.03.2025 was Rs. 48779.17 lakhs.
b. Exposure of the Comp any to various commodities:
Commodity Exposures in Exposures % of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives
Name (Inventory INR (lakhs) in qty (MT)
as on 31.03.2025) towards the terms towards
Particular the Particular Domestic Market International Market TOTAL
Commodity Commodity OTC EXCHANGE OTC EXCHANGE  
Raw Material 29,493.61 39,154.91 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Work in Progress 8,410.52 6,205.32 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Finished Goods 8,681.18 5,686.73 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Scrap 2,193.87 2,391.41 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Misc. Stocks 0.00 0.00 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
c. Commodity risks faced by the Comp any during the year and how they have been managed:
The commodity prices are determined through basic supply and demand factors in the marketplace. However , Company is fairly
insulated from any imp act of adverse move in commodity prices due to provision of clean p ass through of price fluctuations to
our customers. Further, one of the key supplier of the main commodity that we consume (Steel) also happens to be our stakeholder
thereby alleviating any risk with respect to availability of raw material. 

[page 77]
74
(xii) During the financial year under review , the Comp any has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions
placement as specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
(xiii) A certificate has been received by the Comp any from Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, (Membership No. 4241, Certificate of practice no. 3582
and Peer review certificate no. 1057/2021) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka and Associates, Practicing Comp any Secretaries, that none of
the Directors on the Board of the Comp any has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of
companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such st atutory authority(ies). (Annexed
herewith as p art of this report)
(xiv) During the financial year 2024-25, there have been no instances in the Company, where the board has not accepted any recommendation
of any committee of the board which is mandatorily required.
(xv) M/s AKR & Associates, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 021179N) have been appointed as the S tatutory Auditors of
the Company as well the comp any’s wholly owned subsidiary . Accordingly, during the financial year 2024-25, the tot al fees for all the
services paid by the company and its subsidiary, on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors and to all entities in the network firm/
network entity of which the st atutory auditor is a p art, is given below:
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Particulars Amount
Statutory Audit Fee 9.00
Tax Audit Fee 3.00
Certificate charges 3.20
(xvi) The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal
of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of Sexual Harassment of W omen at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition
and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules framed there under . All employees (including permanent, contractual & temporary trainees)
are covered under this policy. The Company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaint s Committee
under the Sexual Harassment of W omen at W orkplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. Det ails in relation to the
Sexual Harassment of W omen at W orkplace (Prevention, Prohibition And Redressal) Act, 2013 are as under:
Particulars Number
Number of complaint s filed during the financial year under review 1
Number of complaint s disposed of f during the financial year under review 1
Number of complaint s pending as on end of the financial year under review 0
(xvii) The Comp any does not have any material subsidiary comp any in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. Therefore, disclosure for det ails regarding material subsidiaries of the comp any is not applicable to the
Company. The Company has in place a Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries in terms of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015. The Policy , as approved by the Board, is uploaded on the website of the Comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/wpcontent/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiary .pdf .
(xviii) The Company has not extended any loans or advances to any firm/comp any in which the Directors are interested.
(xix) The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirement s as applicable to it along with the compliance with the requirement s of
Part C (sub p aras 2 to 10) of Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
(xx) Disclosure with respect to Demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account: Not applicable
CODE OF CONDUCT
The Board of Directors has laid down Code of Conduct (“Code”) for all board members and senior management personnel of the Comp any.
The said Code incorporated the duties of directors including independent directors as laid down in the Act and is available on the website of
the Comp any under the link 
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/code_of_conduct.pdf .
All board members and senior management personnel have af firmed the compliance with the Code applicable to them during the year ended
on 31.03.2025. The Annual Report of the Comp any contains a Declaration by the Managing Director in terms of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015, based on the af firmations received from the board members and senior management personnel.
DISCLOSURE OF CERT AIN TYPE OF AGREEMENTS BINDING LISTED ENTITIES:
The Company has not been informed of any agreement under Regulation 30A(1) read with clause 5A  of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Accordingly, there was no requirement for disclosing the same.

[page 78]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
75
INSIDER TRADING
The Company has in place a Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading (Code of Conduct to Regulate Monitor and Report Trading by
Designated Persons) and a Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information in accordance
with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 {“SEBI (PIT) Regulations”}. The said codes are in line with the SEBI (PIT)
Regulations, as amended from time to time, and are available on the website of the Comp any.
Web link for Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading is:
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/code_insider_trading.pdf
Web link for Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information is https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/code_unpublished_price.pdf .
The Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading lays down guidelines advising the management, st aff and other connected persons,
and procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made by them while dealing in the equity shares of the comp any and cautioning them of
the consequences of violations.
Pursuant SEBI (PIT) Regulations, the Comp any has also adopted a Policy for Procedure of Inquiry in Case of Leak of Unpublished Price
Sensitive Information (“UPSI”). The policy is formulated to maint ain ethical standards in dealing with sensitive information of the Comp any by
persons who have access to UPSI. The rationale of the policy is to strengthen the internal control systems to ensure that the UPSI is not
communicated to any person except in accordance with the SEBI (PIT) Regulations. The Policy also provides an investigation procedure in
case of any leak/suspected leak of UPSI.
RECONCILATION OF SHARE CAPITAL AUDIT
As required by the SEBI (Depositories and Particip ants) Regulations, 2018, during the financial year under review , the Statutory Auditor of the
Company carried out a Reconciliation of Share Capit al Audit to reconcile the tot al admitted equity share capit al with the National Securities
Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) (collectively referred to as ‘Depositories’)  and the
total issued and listed equity share capit al, on quarterly basis. The audit report confirms that the tot al issued and p aid up capit al is in
agreement with the total number of shares in physical form and dematerialized form held with NSDL  and CDSL. Further, the said Audit Report
was disseminated to the stock exchanges on quarterly basis well within the stipulated time limit as prescribed in this regard and was also
placed before the Board of Directors of the Comp any
SUBMISSION OF QUARTERLY COMPLIANCE REPORT ON CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
In compliance to the Regulation 27(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Comp any has submitted quarterly compliance report on
corporate governance, duly signed by the Comp any Secretary/Compliance Officer of the Company, to both the stock exchanges i.e. BSE and
NSE wherein the equity shares of the Comp any are listed within twenty one days from the end of first and second quarter i.e. June, 2024 and
September, 2024.
Further, SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024 introduced Single filing system through
API-based integration between stock exchanges of said Corporate Governance Report. The same was also confirmed by the Stock Exchanges
BSE and NSE, through its circulars BSE Notice No. 20250102-4 dated January 02, 2025 and NSE circular NSE/CML/2025/07 dated February
28, 2025, respectively . As per the single filing system, the said report is required to be filed on any one of the stock exchanges, of the
exchanges where the comp any’s equity shares are listed, within a period of 30 days of end of quarter . Thus, in compliance to the said
circulars, the company submitted the Integrated Governance Report to BSE for the third quarter and fourth quarter of the financial year under
review. The said quarterly compliance report s were also placed before the Board of Directors of the Comp any.
CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION
As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Managing Director , Deputy
Managing Director (Executive Director) & Chief Financial Of ficer of the Comp any have given appropriate certifications for the financial year
2024-25 and the same was placed before the Board of Directors of the Comp any in it s meeting held on 15.05.2025.
CONSTITUENTS OF RELATED PARTIES
Following named Comp anies, Individuals, HUF and Trust constitute the related p arties of the Comp any:
Promoter Group Comp anies:
Indian Acrylics Limited, SAB Industries Limited, S teel Strips Infrastructures Limited, S teel Strips Industries Limited (earlier known as S teel
Strips Leasing Limited), Indlon Chemicals Limited, SAB Developers Pvt. Lt d., Malwa Chemtex Udyog Limited, SAB Udyog Limited, S teel
Strips Mercantile Pvt. Limited, Indian Acrylics Investment s Limited, Munak International Pvt. Limited, S teel Strips Financiers Pvt. Limited,
S.S. Credits Pvt. Limited, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Limited, S. J. Mercantile Pvt. Limited, Munak Investment s Pvt. Limited, S teel Strips Holdings
Pvt. Limited, Munak Financiers Pvt. Limited, Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Lt d., DHG Marketing Pvt. Ltd. and Chandigarh Aircraft Management
Services Pvt. Limited.

[page 79]
76
Promoter Group Individuals:
Ms. Maya Louis e Garg, Ms. Amiya Jain and Mr . Taavissh Jain
Promoters Individuals:
Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg, Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Smt. Sunena Garg and Ms. Priya Garg.
Hindu Undivided Family (HUF):
R. K. Garg & Sons (HUF)
Trust:
Hansraj Trust
Others:
Associate Comp any: Clean Max Astria Private Limited(CMAPL)
Wholly Owned Subsidiary Comp any: AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL)
TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND/SHARES T O INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
Pursuant to provisions of the Act read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,
2016 (“IEPF Rules”), as amended from time to time, all unp aid or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by the Comp any to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) est ablished under sub-section (1) of section 125 of the Act, after completion of seven years
from the date of transfer to Unclaimed Dividend Account of the Comp any. Further, according to the Rules, the shares in respect of which
dividend has not been p aid or claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the de-mat
account of the IEPF Authority. The said requirement does not apply to shares in respect of which there is a specific order of Court, Tribunal
or Statutory Authority, restraining transfer of the shares.
The Company has been p aying dividend regularly from the last twenty-six years (except for the year 2008-09 & 2019-20), st arting from the
year 1996-97. Some amount of the dividend remains unp aid or unclaimed in the “Unp aid Dividend Accounts” being maint ained by the
Company with HDFC Bank Lt d. and Yes Bank Ltd.
In accordance with the above mentioned provisions, during the year under review, the company had sent reminder by sending notice individually
and also by publishing the same in national (English) and local (Punjabi) newsp apers, seeking action from the shareholders who have not
claimed their dividends for seven consecutive years or more. In order to avoid transfer of dividend/Shares to said Authority, a list of unclaimed
dividend and shareholders whose shares were liable to be transferred to the IEPF Authority was also placed on the website of the Comp any
in the interest of the shareholders. Accordingly, during the year 2024-25, the Comp any had transferred the unp aid/unclaimed dividends and
corresponding shares to the IEPF as follows: -
Particulars Amount of Dividend No. of shares (FV Rs. 1/-)
2016-17 (Final Dividend) Rs. 9,55,164.00 89329
The complete details of shareholders whose shares transferred to the IEPF Authority until now is available on the website of the comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/transfer-of-shares-to-iep f/.
No claim shall lie against the Company in respect of unclaimed dividend and equity shares transferred to IEPF Authority. Shareholders/claimant may
claim the dividend and corresponding equity shares transferred to IEPF Authority including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, from IEPF
Authority by making an online application in prescribed form IEPF-5 available on the website of IEPF Authority (www.iepf.gov.in ) after obtaining the
entitlement letter from the Company. The detailed procedure to claim the shares/unpaid dividend from the IEPF Authority is also available on Company’s
website at https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/Procedure_for_claiming_shares_from_IEPF_Authority.pdf. The Shareholders/
claimant can file only one consolidated claim in a financial year as per the rules.
Process of claiming shares and dividend from IEPF
In accordance with the Office Memorandum dated 20th July, 2022 issued by IEPF Authority, the claimant(s) are now advised to first approach
the Comp any for issuance of Entitlement Letter  by providing all the required document s before filing of claim application with the IEPF
Authority.
Once the Comp any has received and verified all the requisite document s it will then issue an entitlement letter , duly signed by the Nodal
Officer of the comp any, along with all the required det ails to file web form IEPF-5 within a period of 30 days. The claimant(s) shall thereaf ter
file claim in web Form No. IEPF-5 available on 
www.iepf.gov.in / www.mca.gov.in. The claimant shall be required to submit the form with
entitlement letter and other supporting documents. The claimant(s) shall then submit the self-attested copy of Form IEPF-5, its acknowledgment
receipt and duly executed Indemnity Bond in an envelope marked as “Claim for refund from IEPF Authority” at the registered of fice address
of the Company in the name of the “Nodal Of ficer of the Company”, to enable the Comp any to file the e-verification report of the claim within
the prescribed timeline of 30 days.

[page 80]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
77
Advisory by IEPF  Authority:
An advisory on April 05, 2024 has been issued by the IEPF Authority wherein it has reiterated that the comp anies may reject the claims which
have been filed by claimant without att aching proper entitlement letter .
Accordingly, the claimants are requested to adhere to the process of claiming shares from the IEPF Authority after obtaining entitlement letter
from the comp any’s nodal of ficer for submitting the same while filing Form IEPF-5 with the IEPF Authority.
During the financial year 2025-26, the comp any would be transferring unp aid or unclaimed dividend amount for the financial year 2017-18
(Final) within 30 days from the due date of transferring the amount to IEPF i.e. 03.1 1.2025. Further, the Company is also required to transfer
the shares in respect of which dividends have not been claimed for seven (7) years from the Financial Year 2017-18 (Final), to the demat
account of the IEPF Authority. The Company has also given individual intimations to concerned shareholders indicating that such shares shall
be transferred to IEPF Authority and also advertised in the newsp apers seeking action from said shareholders. Accordingly, the concerned
members are requested to claim the unclaimed dividend for FY 2017-18 (Final) on or before 24.10.2025.
The det ails of unp aid dividend for the FY  2017-18 (Final) & onwards and the det ails of shares/ shareholders against which dividends is
unclaimed for seven consecutive years from the FY  2017-18(Final) are provided on the website of the Comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/investors/unp aid-dividend/ under the Investors t ab. The shareholders are requested to verify their records and claim
their unclaimed dividends for the p ast years, if not claimed.
Shareholders are also requested to note the following date(s) for claiming the unp aid or unclaimed dividend declared by the comp any for the
FY 2017-18 and thereaf ter:
Financial year Date of declaration Dividend per share Proposed date for transfer of dividend
of Dividend (Amount in Rs.) to IEPF
2017-18 28-09-2018 4.00 03-11-2025
2018-19 30-09-2019 4.00 05-11-2026
2020-21 30-09-2021 2.00 05-11-2028
2021-22 30-09-2022 3.75 05-11-2029
2022-23 23-08-2023 1.00 29-09-2030
2023-24 30-09-2024 1.00 05-11-2031
Members who have not encashed the dividend warrant s/demand draf ts so far in respect of the dividend of the aforesaid period(s) are
requested to make their claim to R TA on or before the above mentioned last date for claiming unp aid/unclaimed dividend.
Details of Nodal Officer
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Company Secretary & compliance Officer was appointed as Nodal Officer of the Company to deal with matters concerning
IEPF Authority with ef fect from 30.10.2024 in place of Sh. Shaman Jindal.
The details of the nodal of ficer appointed by the Comp any under the provisions of the Act and IEPF Rules, 2016 are given below and the
same is disseminated on the website of the Company https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/assets/docs/particulars-of-nodal-officer.pdf.
Name of the Comp any Secretary designated as Nodal Of ficer Ms. Kanika Sapra
Phone No. 0172-2793112
Mobile No. 8054630864
Email ID kanika.sapra@sswlindia.com
Address SCO 49-50, Sector-26, Madhya Marg, Chandigarh-160019
AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Auditor’s Certificate on compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is enclosed herewith and forms p art of this report.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Rajinder Kumar Garg
Date: 01.08.2025  Chairman
Place: Chandigarh  DIN: 00034827

[page 81]
78
AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members of
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
1. We, AKR & Associates, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Steel Strips Wheels Limited (“the Comp any”), have examined
the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Comp any, for the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated in
regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”).
Managements’ Responsibility
2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the
design, implement ation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the
Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implement ation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance
with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial st atements of the
Company.
4. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and document s maintained by the Comp any for the purposes of
providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirement s by the Comp any.
5. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Comp any in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of
Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the S tandards on Auditing specified
under Section 143(10) of the Comp anies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirement s of
the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
6. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirement s of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that
Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagement s.
Opinion
7. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations
provided by the Management, we certify that the Comp any has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in
regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) read with Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended
March 31, 2025.
8. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Comp any nor the efficiency or effectiveness with
which the Management has conducted the af fairs of the Comp any.
For AKR & Associates
 Chartered Accountants
 Firm Registration No: 021 179N
Sd/-
 (Kailash Kumar)
 Partner
Date: 01.08.2025  M. No. 505972
Place: Chandigarh UDIN: 25505972BMKUUU2697

[page 82]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
79
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY  THE BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
PERSONNEL WITH COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct for all the Board members and Senior Management of the Comp any which is available on
the website of the Comp any at https://sswlindia.com/investor/ .
I confirm that the Comp any has in respect of the financial year ended 31.03.2025, received from it s Board members as well as Senior
Management Personnel, a declaration of compliance with the code of conduct as applicable to them.
For Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Sd/-
 (Dheeraj Garg)
Date: 01.08.2025 Managing Director
Place: Chandigarh DIN: 00034926
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015
To
The Members,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Steel Strips Wheels Limited
(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Comp any’), having CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159 and having registered of fice at V illage Somalheri/Lehli,
P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. S.A.S Nagar , Mohali (Punjab), 140506 produced before me by the Comp any for the purpose of issuing
this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub-clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications {including Directors Identification Number ( ‘DIN’) status at
the portal 
www.mca.gov.in} as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Comp any & it s officers, I hereby certify that
none of the Directors on the Board of the Comp any for the year ended 31 st March, 2025, have been debarred or disqualified from being
appointed or continuing as Directors of comp anies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), Ministry of Corporate Affairs
(‘MCA’) or any such st atutory authority(ies).
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Comp any.
My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability
of the Comp any nor of the ef ficiency or ef fectiveness with which the management has conducted the af fairs of the Comp any.
For S. K. SIKKA & ASSOCIATES
Company Secret aries
 Sd/-
Date: 01.08.2025  (Sushil Kumar Sikka)
Place: Chandigarh  Proprietor
 FCS 4241, CP No. 3582
UDIN: F004241G000910388
Peer Review Certificate: 1057/2021

[page 83]
80
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY
AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024-25
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Company L27107PB1985PLC006159
2. Name of the Company Steel Strips Wheels Limited (SSWL)
3. Year of Incorporation 28-02-1985
4. Registered Office Address Village Somalheri/Lehli,  P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,
District S.A.S  Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506
5. Corporate Address SCO 49-50, Madhya Marg, Sector-26, Chandigarh-160019
6. Email Address ssl_ssg@glide.net.in
7. Telephone 0172-2793112
8. Website https://sswlindia.com /
9. Financial Year for which reporting is being done 01.04.2024 to 31.03.2025
10. Name of the Stock Exchanges where shares are listed • National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
• BSE Limited (BSE)
11 Paid-up Capital Rs. 15,69,29,325/-
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) Sh. Mohan Joshi
of the person who may be cont acted in case of any (0172-2793112, mohan@sswlindia.com )
queries on the BRSR Report
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this The disclosures under this report are made on a st andalone
report made on a st andalone basis (i.e. only for the basis for SSWL.
entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity
and all the entities  which form a part of its consolidated
financial statements, taken together).
14. Name of assurance provider Intertek India Private Limited
15. Type of assurance obtained Reasonable Assurance on BRSR Core
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover) :
S. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of turnover
No. of the Company
1. Manufacturing of Auto Component s Steel Wheel rims, Alloy wheels rims, Aluminium Steering Knuckle 100%
17. Products/Services sold by the Company (accounting for 90% of the Company’ s turnover):
S. Product/Service NIC Code % of total turnover
No. contributed
1. Steel Wheel rims, Alloy wheels rims, Aluminium Steering Knuckle 29301 100%
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices  of the Company are situated:
Location Number of plants Number of offices  Total
National 05  24* 29
International 0 0 0
* Includes 20 Warehouses.
19. Markets served by the Company
a. Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 21 States and 4 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries) 22

[page 84]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
81
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the Company?
12.67%
c. A brief on types  of customers
The Company is the leader in designing & manufacturing automotive wheel rims under both steel & alloy category . It sells it s products
to customers across the globe and the product s of the Company caters to various customers engaged in manufacturing of automobiles.
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of the Financial Year 31.03.2025:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 2376 2310 97.22% 66 2.78%
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
3. Total employees (D+E) 2376 2310 97.22% 66 2.78%
WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 651 651 100.00% 0 0.00%
 5. Other than Permanent (G) 7456 7375 98.91% 81 1.09%
6. Total workers (F+G) 8107 8026 99.00% 81 1.00%
b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 1 1 100.00% 0 0.00%
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
3. Total differently abled employees (D+E) 1 1 100.00% 0 0.00%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 5 5 100.00% 0 0.00%
5. Other than Permanent (G) 6 6  100.00% 0 0.00%
6. Total differently abled workers (F+G) 11 11 100.00% 0 0.00%
21. Participation/Inclusion/Represent ation of Women
Total No. and percent age of Females
(A) No. (B) % (B/A)
Board of Directors 12 2 16.67%
Key Management Personnel (KMP) * 5 1 20.00%
* KMP here includes CS, CFO & Executive Directors.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
(Disclose trend for p ast 3 years)
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
(Turnover rate in (Turnover rate in (Turnover rate in the year
current FY) previous FY) prior to the previous FY)
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 20.95% 17.54% 20.87%  25% 13% 25% 20% 35% 20%
Permanent Workers 3.93% 0% 3.93%  1% 1% 1% 2% 0% 2%
Note: This includes employees/workmen  who have retired during the year.

[page 85]
82
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. Name of holding/subsidiary/associate  companies/joint ventures
S. Name of the holding / Indicate whether % of shares Does the entity indicated at
No. subsidiary/associate Holding/ Subsidiary/ held by the column A, participate in the
companies/ joint Associate/ Joint Company Business Responsibility initiatives
ventures (A)  Venture of the Company (Yes/No)
1  Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL) Associate 26.00% No
2  AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL) Subsidiary 100.00% No
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Yes/No): Yes
(ii) Turnover (in `) for the year ended March 31, 2025:  Rs. 44,28,99,83,414.00
(iii) Net worth (in ` ) for the year ended March 31, 2025:  Rs. 14,90,97,78,141.00
VII. Transparency and Disclosure Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible  Business
Conduct:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Stakeholder Grievance Redressal No. of No. of Remarks No. of No. of Remarks
group from Mechanism in Place complaints complaints complaints complaints
whom (Yes/No) (If yes, then filed during pending filed during pending
complaints provide web-link for the year resolution the year resolution
received grievance redress at close of at close of
policy) the year the year
Communities Yes; 0 0 - 0 0 -
https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf
Investors Yes; 0  0 - 0 0 -
(other than https://sswlindia.com/wp-
shareholders) content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/investor_grievance_
policy.pdf
Shareholders* Yes; 5 1 9 0 -
https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/investor_grievance_
policy.pdf
Employees Yes; 61 0  - 58 0 -
and workers https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/whistleblower.pdf
Customers Yes; 43 0 - 41 0 -
https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf
Value Chain Yes; 0 0 - 0 0 -
Partners https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/
docs/code_of_conduct_for_
business_partners.pdf
Others (please Not Applicable
specify)
* The number of complaints reported above represent genuine and agreed complaint s.
The
complaint
pending for
resolution
at the close
of the year
was
resolved in
the month
of April,
2025.

[page 86]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
83
26. Overview of the Company’s material responsible business conduct issues
Material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environment and social matters that present a
risk or an opportunity to the business of the Comp any, rationale for identifying the same  approach to adapt or mitigate the risk
along with  its financial implications are given below:
S. Material Issue Indicate Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach Financial implications of
No. Identified whether Risk the material issue as to adapt or mitigate the risk or opportunity
or Opportunity risk/ opportunity (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
1 Ethics and Risk Negative
Compliance
2 Health and Safety Risk Negative
3 Employees Opportunity Both
Productivity and and Risk
Retention
The Company expects all its
employees  to adhere  to the
Code of Conduct of SSWL and
practice  Ethical  behaviour .
The  Comp any follows zero
tolerance for  any non-
compliance as this will have an
adverse  imp act  on  the
Company. Due to the dynamic
nature of laws,  rules  and
regulations,  it has become
imperative for the company to
ensure their compliance. Any
failure to comply with the same
may impact on the  reputation
of the Company adversely.
Managing safety and health is
a top priority at SSWL. Safe
places and the good health of
employees/workers  at work
contribute  to  better
productivity.
Risk Assessment  is a
continuous process followed
by measures  to effectively
control them to ensure safety
and good  health  of  our
employees/workers  at work.
Employees’ engagement and
productivity  contribute  to the
growth of the Company. To meet
the organization  goals  and
customer  expect ations,
employees  with  creativity ,
innovative ideas and expertise
in different areas are an asset
to the Comp any. Attrition of
talent has a negative imp act
on the growth of the company.
SSWL ’s Code of Conduct,
Whistle Blower Policy, Code of
Conduct for prevention of insider
trading, code  of practices and
procedures for fair disclosure of
unpublished  price sensitive
information, Policy on materiality
of Related  Party Transaction
and Grievance  Redressal
across  stakeholders  ensures
ethical behavior and compliance
with  applicable  laws and
regulations. The said Codes and
policies provide for a framework
for  employees and other
stakeholders  to ensure that
business is governed  only by
ethical  practices.  Further, any
amendments to the laws, rules
and regulations are checked on
a regular basis. The said policies
and code of conduct alongwith
any changes  thereon are duly
communicated to the concerned
stakeholder group s.
To mitigate the risk, we strictly
follow the rules and procedures
laid down by our stringent health
and  safety  management
systems. We regularly conduct
trainings to create awareness of
safe working  conditions and
building confidence  of  the
employees/workers. Further, the
Comp any  conduct s routine
health check-ups and maintains
internal  health  centers  to
monitor  the well-being  of our
employees/workers.
Focused approach on employee
engagement and retention of
talent through multiple initiatives
includes  providing  cross
functional  access,  training
opportunities, recognitions and
skill development. The Company
continuously  makes effort s to
promote diversity and offer equal
opportunities to all irrespective
of their  age, gender, colour or
religion etc.

[page 87]
84
S. Material Issue Indicate Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach Financial implications of
No. Identified whether Risk the material issue as to adapt or mitigate the risk or opportunity
or Opportunity risk/ opportunity (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
4 Competition Risk and Both
Opportunity
5 Social costs Risk Negative
6 Community Opportunity Positive
Well-being
Competition  in the business
has  increased significantly
causing a  serious  adverse
impact on the margins of the
auto  component
manufacturers. Customer
dissatisfaction  with  price,
quality, delivery  performance
and design could lead to a loss
of market share.
In contrary to above, s hift of
the un-organized  market  to
brand-based product offerings
and developing  new
component s turn  the
competition into opportunity.
SSWL ’s assumptions  while
estimating social cost s like
gratuity funding are subject to
actuarial risks and any shortfall
could put pressure on financial
performance of the Comp any.
The Comp any believes in
corporate excellence and
social welfare. This corporate
philosophy is the force for
integrating Corporate Social
Responsibility (CSR) into
Comp any’s values, culture,
operation and business
decisions at all levels of the
organization. Being a
responsible corporate citizen,
the Comp any has a value
system of giving back to
society and improving the
quality of life of communities
and the surrounding
environment. The company is
committed to it s social
responsibility by taking various
initiatives in the fields of
education, public health,
environment and community
welfare, etc. which would
benefit society at large.
The Comp any continues to
strive to  improve its operational
performance,  strict  quality
controls  and  develop new
component s,  which  are
technologically  superior  and
have  an  edge  over  it s
competitors.
The Company works closely with
its key customers  on product
development  and  remains
ahead on the technology curve.
A framework to manage social
cost risks has been deployed to
ensure that obligations  remain
affordable and sustainable.
-

[page 88]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
85
S. Material Issue Indicate Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach Financial implications of
No. Identified whether Risk the material issue as to adapt or mitigate the risk or opportunity
or Opportunity risk/ opportunity (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
7 Climate and Risk and Both
Environment opportunity
8. Water security Risk Negative
Manufacturing  sectors  are
generally associated with high
pollution during  the
manufacturing  processes.
Growing  environment al
concerns  have made the
Comp anies to focus  its
investment s on  renewable
sources  of  energy  and
controlling  & modifying of
various manufacturing
processes having adverse
impacts on the environment.
Fresh water is an import ant
input for both manufacturing
processes and domestic
purposes of the Comp any.
Processes such as p aint
booths are water intensive
processes in automotive
industry. It is import ant to use
quality water to maint ain the
paint quality. Water scarcity is
India’ s silent crisis and
unpredict able rainfall across
India makes the
manufacturing plant s more
vulnerable for water shortages.
Hence, insulating against
water risk is one of the
identified business risks and
priorities.
SSWL is working on alternate
sources  of  energy , water
recycling and enhanced use of
returnable  packaging to
minimize waste  and maximize
reuse. The comp any  is
const antly  striving  ahead  in
converting it s fossil fuel based
power consumption to renewable
resources. The Comp any has
further invested in Clean Max
Astria Pvt. Lt d. (CMAPL), a
special purpose vehicle
engaged in the business of
production, generation, supply
and distribution of wind, solar
and/or hybrid power in order to
off-take Electricity generated by
it under captive consumption.
During the year , the comp any
made further investment in
CMAPL  in this regard. The
Company has inst alled roof top
solar facilities at all it s plant s.
The implement ation  of which
has resulted in subst antial
conversion of fossil  fuel power
consumption to renewable
sources. All plants have moved
completely  on  fresh
polycarbonate  sheet s to
improve lux levels and  save
power consumption.
The Company strives to mitigate
the water risk by adopting
following methods:
• Optimum usage of water in
all operations through
various water ef ficiency
measures adopted such as
low volume water t ap s,
arresting leakages in
pipelines, amongst others.
• Rainwater harvesting: By
increasing rainwater storage
capacity.
• Recycling: By installing ETP/
STP  and RO plant s, we
strive to increase our water
recycling cap acity.
• Ground water recharge: By
installing specially designed
deep aquifer pit s for
improving ground water
table to ensure the
availability of water for the
community.

[page 89]
86
S. Material Issue Indicate Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach Financial implications of
No. Identified whether Risk the material issue as to adapt or mitigate the risk or opportunity
or Opportunity risk/ opportunity (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
9 Supply Chain Risk Negative
Management
10 Energy Risk and Both
Management opportunity
11 Information/ Risk Negative
Cyber security
The complexity and global
span of automotive industry
supply chains expose
comp anies to significant
sustainability and disruption
risks, imp acting operational
continuity and leading to
decline in sales and margins.
The use of energy is an
inevit able p art of the
Company’s operations.
However, efficient use and the
implement ation of our own
renewable energy sources will
help in improving the
Company’s operations. In the
short-term, there may be a
negative impact from investing
in renewable sources of
energy, however, in the long-
term there would be a positive
impact from methodical use of
these energy sources and
aligning with industry
expectations.
The fast pace at which the auto
sector is growing at present, it
is bound to face concerns
relating to Internet Protocols,
data privacy and risk-shif ting
for warranty issues that would
need to be addressed to settle
uncert ainties amongst
stakeholders. Further , threat s
of external cyber-att acks,
hacking and internal leakage,
modification of information,
failure to protect information
are other concern issues.
SSWL aims to develop a
resilient supply chain framework
by diversifying suppliers and
integrating sustainability criteria
into supplier selection. At SSWL
we have implemented
transp arent supply chain
practices to ensure compliance
with environment al and social
standards, thereby reducing
potential risks.
SSWL  is const antly striving
ahead in converting its fossil fuel
power consumption to
renewable resources. The
Company is actively engaged in
energy management. The
Company has invested in Clean
Max Astria Pvt. Ltd. (CMAPL), a
special purpose vehicle
engaged in the business of
production, generation, supply
and distribution of wind, solar
and/or hybrid power to of f-take
Electricity generated by it under
captive consumption. The
Company has inst alled roof top
solar facilities at all its plants. All
plants have moved completely
on fresh polycarbonate sheet s
to improve working conditions
and save power consumption.
The Comp any focuses on
continuous protection of
confidential information across
the IT landscape to prevent loss/
theft of confidential data through
inst allation and regular
updations of various antivirus
and malware protection
sof twares, firewalls, etc.
Periodic audits are conducted to
ensure adherence to the
processes. Additionally , the
comp any has obt ained ISO-
27001 certification to comply
best in class IT norms.

[page 90]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
87
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the NGRBC
Principles and Core Element s.
NGRBC PRINCIPLES
PRINCIPLE 1(P1) Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent,
and Accountable.
PRINCIPLE 2 (P2) Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sust ainable and safe.
PRINCIPLE 3 (P3) Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
PRINCIPLE 4 (P4) Businesses should respect the interest s of and be responsive to all it s stakeholders.
PRINCIPLE 5 (P5) Businesses should respect and promote human right s.
PRINCIPLE 6 (P6) Businesses should respect and make ef forts to protect and restore the environment.
PRINCIPLE 7 (P7) Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy , should do so in a manner that is
responsible and transp arent.
PRINCIPLE 8 (P8) Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equit able development.
PRINCIPLE 9 (P9) Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner .
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1. a. Whether the Company’s policy/policies  cover each Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes* Yes Yes
principle and it s core element s of the NGRBCs.
(Yes/No)
b. Has the policy been approved by the Board? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
(Yes/No)
c. Web-link of the policies, if available Yes
The requisite policies are available on SSWL’s Website under Investor’s head.
https://sswlindia.com/investor /
2. Whether the Company has translated the policy into Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
procedures. (Yes/No)
3 Do the enlisted policies extend to the Company’s value Yes, the Code of Conduct for business p artners extends to value chain
chain partners? (Yes/No) partners.
4 Name of the national and international codes/ The policies are based on prescribed principles, conformance to the spirit
certifications/  labels/ standards (e.g., Forest of International S tandards, including, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 27001,
Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, ISO 45001, GRI standards and  ILO principles.
Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS)
adopted by the Comp any and mapped to each principle.
5. Specific commitment s, goals and t argets set by the The Company has set t argets for ESG commitment s for years to come,
Company with defined timelines, if any . inter alia, related to Product s stewardship, W ater neutrality , Energy
conservation, Nature positive, Safe workplace, Energizing, equit able &
inclusive workplace, Good Governance, Ethics, transp arency, quality and
accountability, and Sustainable supply chain management. The Company
monitors the performance against the specific commitment s on an ongoing
basis.
6. Performance of the Company against the specific The Comp any const antly monitors it s performance towards ESG
commitments, goals and targets along with reasons, commitment. The company has been able to achieve majority of it s ESG
in case the same are not met. targets and goals t aken last year .
*Considering the nature of the Comp any’s business, this principle has limited applicability . The Comp any complies with Regulations
governing its operations and has taken initiatives to promote inclusive growth and environmental sustainability.
Governance, leadership and  oversight
7. Statement by Director , responsible for the Business Responsibility Report, highlighting ESG related challenges, t argets,
and achievements:
Environment
The Comp any is putting it s efforts towards conserving natural resources, reducing pollution and sust aining the environment. The
Company is taking various initiatives for reducing carbon footprints, water conservation, usage of alternate sources of energy etc. The
Company continues to promote sustainable development through its business decisions and actions.

[page 91]
88
Social
The Company is socially responsible towards it s employees and the community at large. The Company encourages to create and
maintain a diverse, inclusive and vibrant work environment that nurtures and motivates it s employees. For the community , the
Company’s CSR policy intends to focus its efforts on socio-economic backward group s of the society by innovatively supporting  them
through programmes designed in the domains of education, health and environment.
Governance
The Company’s philosophy in relation to Corporate Governance is to ensure transp arent disclosures and reporting that conforms  fully
to laws, regulations and guidelines and to promote ethical conduct throughout the organization with the primary objective of enhancing
stakeholders’ value while being a responsible corporate citizen. The Company has always thrived towards building trust with shareholders,
employees, customers, suppliers, regulators and other stakeholders based on the principles of good Corporate Governance.
8. Details of the highest authority responsible for Corporate Social Responsibility  & Sustainability (CSRS)  Committee
implementation and oversight of the Business
Responsibility  policy(ies).
9. Does the Company have a specified Committee of the The Board of Directors has empowered the Corporate Social Responsibility
Board/Director responsible for decision-making on and  Sust ainability (CSRS) Committee to exercise oversight on the
sustainability-related issues? (Y es / No). If yes, implement ation of  targets under  ESG as well as to assess the BRSR
provide details. performance.  The  committee  is led  by Sh.  Virander  Kumar  Arya ,
Independent Director , with  members  Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a,
Independent Director, Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director and Sh.
Manohar Lal  Jain, Executive Director, of the Company.
10. Details of review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for review Indicate whether review was Frequency (Annually/ Half
undertaken by Director/ Committee yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other
of the Board/ any other Committee   please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above policies Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Quarterly
and follow up action
Compliance with statutory requirements Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Quarterly
of relevance to the principles, and
rectification of any non-compliances
The Managing Director & the Deputy Managing Director reviews  the performance of the systems and processes in place for NGRBCs
related principles.
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
11. Has the entity carried out independent  assessment / No
evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide the name of the agency.
12. If answer to question (1) above is ‘No’ i.e. not all Principles are covered by a Policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the principles material to its
business (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to
formulate and implement the policies on specified principles
(Yes/No) Not applicable.
The entity does not have the financial or/human and
technical resources available for the t ask ( Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/ No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Section C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Element s with key processes
and decisions. The information sought is categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership”. While the essential indicators are expected to be
disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators may be volunt arily disclosed by entities which aspire to
progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially , environmentally and ethically responsible.

[page 92]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
89
PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY AND IN A MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL,
TRANSPARENT, AND ACCOUNTABLE.
Essential Indicator
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:
Segment Total number of Topics/principles covered under %age of persons in respective
training and awareness the training and it s impact category covered by the
programmes held awareness programmes
Board of Directors 6 100%
Key Managerial 6 100%
Personnel
Employees other than 7847 100%
Board of Directors
and KMPs
Workers 14294 100%
2. Details of fines /penalties/punishment/award/compounding fees/settlement amount p aid in proceedings (by the entity or by
Directors/KMPs) with regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, in the financial year in the following format :
(Note: the entity shall make disclosures  on the basis of materiality  as specified in Regulation  30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations  and
Disclosure Obligations)  Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website)
Monetary
NGRBC Name of the regulatory/ Amount (In INR) Brief of the Case Has an appeal been
Principle enforcement agencies/ preferred? (Yes/No)
judicial institutions
Penalty / Fine NIL
Settlement
Compounding Fee
Non-monetary
NGRBC Name of the regulatory/ enforcement Brief of the Case Has an appeal been
Principle agencies/ judicial institutions preferred? (Yes/No)
Imprisonment NIL
Punishment
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision  preferred in cases where monetary or non-
monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory / enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Not Applicable
4. Does the Company have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web
link to the policy.
Yes, the Comp any has an Anti- Bribery and Corruption Policy , which is available on the Comp any’ s website at
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/anti_bribery&corruption_policy .pdf. The purpose of the policy is to ensure
the conduct of all our business in an honest and ethical manner . We take a zero-tolerance approach to Bribery and Corruption and are
committed to act professionally , fairly and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationship s wherever we operate as well as
implementing and enforcing ef fective systems to counter bribery . The Policy is mandatory for all the Comp any’s employees and other
business partners working on behalf of the Comp any from anywhere in the world.
Business  & Financial  performance,  Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR), assessments of Risks
associated with Business, Evaluation of internal
financial controls, Digitization initiatives,
compliance, and governance p arameters, Key
regulatory updations in the Comp anies Act, 2013,
SEBI Regulations as applicable to the Comp any,
Code of Conduct for Employees and Prevention
of Sexual Harassment at W orkplace (POSH) etc.
POSH, water and energy conservation, IT security,
incident  investigation,  productivity , environment
protection, digitization, health and safety-related
sessions, and sensitization of compliances under
Code of  Conduct to regulate, monitor , regulatory
compliances etc.
Awareness Programmes  on Health and Safety,
Wellness sessions, digitization, POSH and On-skill
Development Programmes etc.

[page 93]
90
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers  against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for
the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directors
KMPs 0 0
Employees
Workers
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of
Interest of the Directors 0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of
Interest of the KMPs 0 Not Applicable 0 Not Applicable
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/penalties/action  taken by regulators/law
enforcement agencies/judicial  institutions, on cases of corruption and  conflict of  interest.
Not applicable.
8. Number of days of account s payables ((Account s payable*365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number of days of account p ayables 74.73 67
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
9. Open-ness of business
Provide details of the concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along with loans and
advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format.
Parameters Metrics FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Concentration a. Purchases from trading houses as % of tot al purchases 0.69% 0.83%
of Purchases b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from 271 170
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of tot al purchases from trading houses 57.22% 64.74%
Concentration a. Sales to dealers/ distributors as % of tot al sales - -
of Sales b. Number of dealers/ distributors to whom sales are made - -
c. Sales to top 10 dealers/ distributors as % of tot al sales to dealers/ distributors - -
Share of RPTs in a. Purchases (Purchases with related p arties/ Total Purchases) 0.33% 0.00%
b. Sales (Sales to related p arties / Total Sales) 0.00% 0.00%
c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related p arties/Total loans & advances) 0.00% 100.00%
d. Investments (Investment s in related p arties/Total Investments made) 100% 100%*
*Previous year value has been re-st ated.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
Total number of awareness Topics/principles  covered under the training %age of value chain partners covered (by
programmes held the value of business done with such partners)
under the awareness programmes
0

[page 94]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
91
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No) If yes,
provide details of the same.
Yes, the Comp any has a Code of conduct for Employees, Senior Management and Directors, which requires the Employees, Senior
Management and Directors of the Company to take utmost care when participating in any transaction directly or indirectly in which they
have a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or may conflict, with the interests of the Company. They are expected to:
i. Avoid conflicts of interest
ii. Refrain from accepting benefits from third parties
iii. Disclose interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement (transactional conflicts)
iv. Declare interest in an existing transaction or arrangement.
Every member of the Board and Senior Management is required to submit an affirmation of compliance with the provisions of the Code
of Conduct annually. Further, the comp any also receives disclosures of interest at regular intervals from the Board of the Comp any.
PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and
social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 Details of improvement s in environment al and social imp acts
R&D 11.13%  5.39%
Capex Including 7.37% 5.73%
R&D Expenditure
2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
Yes, the comp any’s policies and procedures focus on sust ainability. The Comp any considers Social, Ethical and Environment al
performance factors in the process of selecting suppliers. Further , we clearly discuss all expect ations with the suppliers & service
providers and ensure sust ainable development  throughout.
b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
Approximately 85%
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reuse, recycling, and disposing at the end of life, for (a)
Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous  waste, and (d) other waste.
Type of waste Processes in place to safely reclaim your product s for reuse, recycling, and disposing at the end of life
Plastics (including At the end of the lifecycle, plastics are given to the authorized waste vendor where some quantities of the plastics
packaging) are reused. The company has always prioritized to find innovative ways to convert single-use p ackaging methods
into reusable p ackaging methods.
E-waste At the end of the lifecycle, e-waste is given to the authorized waste vendor where the e- waste is disposed.
Hazardous waste At the end of the lifecycle, hazardous waste is given to the authorized waste vendor where the hazardous waste is
disposed
Other waste At the end of the lifecycle, all other waste is given to the authorized waste vendor and carton boxes are reused while
the rest is given to the authorized waste vendor for recycling and reclamation.
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’ s activities (Y es/ No). If yes, whether the waste
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not,
provide steps taken to address  the same.
Not Applicable.
• Developed processes that are safe, non-infringing, cost-ef fective, scale-able
and have low Environmental Factors.
• Improvement of existing processes by adopting the latest technology to reduce
waste and generate value-added product s.
• Developed lighter wheels to reduce environmental impacts.
The capit al spends includes investment s in renewable energy , installation  of
environment monitoring systems, expenditure on energy-efficient equipment, waste
reduction & treatment  infrastructure and automation of laborious activities among
others.

[page 95]
92
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for the manufacturing industry) or
for its services (for the service  industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format.
NIC Code Name of % of tot al Boundary for which the Life Cycle Whether conducted by Results communicated  in
Product/Service Turnover Perspective / Assessment was an independent external public domain (Y es/No)
contributed conducted agency (Y es/No) If yes, provide the web link.
29301 Alloy Wheel Rim – 0.05% Cradle to Gate Yes No
Car 8.5 X 19
29301 Steel Wheel Rim – 5% Cradle to Gate Yes No
Car 8J X 17
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products/
Services, as identified  in the  Life Cycle  Perspective /  Assessments (LCA)  or through  any other  means, briefly  describe the
same along with  action taken to mitigate the same.
Name of Product / Service Description of the risk/concern Action Taken
Alloy Wheel Rim – Car 8.5 X 19 and N.A.
Steel Wheel Rim – Car 8J X 17
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to tot al material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry)  or
providing services  (for service industry).
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Flat Steel 9% 9%
Aluminum Ingot 25% 25%
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tons) reused, recycled, and safely
disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Re - Used Recycled Safely Re - Used Recycled Safely
Disposed Disposed
Plastics (Including Packaging) (MT) - 171.5 - - 443 -
E-waste (MT) - - 0.33 - - 6
Hazardous Waste (MT) - - 3316 - - 3047
Other Waste (MT) - 84550.1 - - 79843 -
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products sold in respective category
Not Applicable
Since our product s include both MS (Mild S teel) and
Aluminum Alloy, at the end of life, these materials can be
recycled, replacing an equivalent amount of virgin material.
This contributes positively to the environment by reducing
the need for new raw materials and lowering the overall
carbon footprint.

[page 96]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
93
PRINCIPLE 3: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING THOSE IN
THEIR VALUE CHAINS.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of Employees Covered By
Category Total (A) Health Accident Maternity Paternity Day Care
Insurance Insurance Benefits Benefits Facilities
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
(B) (B/A) (C) (C/A) (D) (D/A) (E) (E/A) (F) (F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male 2310 2310 100% 2310 100% 0 0% 2310 100% 0 0%
Female 66 66 100% 66 100% 66 100% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 2376 2376 100% 2376 100% 66 2.78% 2310 97.22% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 0 0 0% 0 0.00% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0  0 0% 0 0.00% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 0 0 0% 0 0.00% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
% of Workers Covered By
Category Total (A) Health Accident Maternity Paternity Day Care
Insurance Insurance Benefits Benefits Facilities
Number % Number % Number % Number % Number %
(B) (B/A) (C) (C/A) (D) (D/A) (E) (E/A) (F) (F/A)
Permanent Workers
Male 651 651 100% 651 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 651 651 100% 651 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Workers
Male 7375 0 0% 7375 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 81 0 0% 81 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 7456 0 0% 7456 100% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) in the
following format-
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of the tot al revenue 0.06% 0.06%
of the comp any
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
2. Details of retirement benefits, for the Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
No. of employees No. of  workers Deducted and No. of employees No. of  workers Deducted and
covered as a % of covered as a % deposited with the covered as a % of covered as a % deposited with the
total employees of total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.) total employees of total workers authority (Y/N/N.A.)
PF 100% 100% Y 100 % 100 % Y
Gratuity 100% 100% Y 100 % 100 % Y
ESI 5% 27% Y  9.10 %  18.60 % Y
Other Please NA NA NA NA NA NA
Specify
Eligible as per st atute are considered.

[page 97]
94
3. Accessibility of workplaces:
. Are the premises/offices of  the entity accessible  to differently abled  employees and  workers, as per the  requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
Yes, the appropriate infrastructural facilities and amenities are provided to employees and workers with disabilities to enable them to
discharge their duties safely and effectively in the establishment.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-
link to the policy.
Yes, the Comp any has adopted Equal Employment Opportunities Policy which is available on it s website at https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/equal_employment_opportunities_policy .pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent Employees Permanent W orkers
Return to work rate Retention rate  Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 100% 100%
Female  100% 100% Not Applicable
Total 100% 100%
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and workers? If yes,
give details of the mechanism  in brief.
Yes/No (If yes, then give det ails of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers Yes
Other than Permanent Workers Yes
Permanent Employees Yes
Other than Permanent Employees Yes
SSWL’s policies provide opportunities  for employees and workers to freely communicate their concerns. Grievances received from
workers are duly recorded in the appropriate registers maint ained at the plant premises. The Company also conduct s programmes that
allow employees/workers  to communicate their concerns with team members and the top management. It also enables quick resolution
of various issues. To improve the working environment, various committees - canteen committee, safety committee, Town hall committees,
etc. have been formed. The grievances are addressed periodically . Further, in accordance with the Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-Blower
Policy, any employee/worker  can approach to the Ethics Counsellor or in exceptional circumstances direct access to the Chairman of the
Audit Committee of the Company.
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognized by the Company:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total employees/ No. of employees/workers % (B/A) Total employees/ No. of employees/workers % (D/C)
Workers in  the in the respective  category, Workers in  the in the respective  category,
respective who are part of the respective who are part of the
category (A) association(s)  or Union (B) category (C) association (s) or  Union (D)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 2310 0 0% 2081 0 0%
Female 66 0 0% 48 0 0%
Total Permanent W orkers
Male 651 651 100% 672 672 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0 0%

[page 98]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
95
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total (A) On Health and On Skill Total On Health and On Skill
safety measures upgradation (D) safety measures upgradation
No (B) % (B/A) No (C) % (C/A) No (E) % (E/D) No (F) % (F/D)
Employees
Male 2310 1910 82.68% 1764 76.36% 2131 1983 93.05% 1969 92.40%
Female 66 36 54.55% 31 46.97% 50 24 48.00% 24 48.00%
Total 2376 1946 81.90% 1795 75.55% 2181 2007 92.02% 1993 91.38%
Workers
Male 8026 6629 82.59% 5101 63.56% 6935 6935 100% 6935 100%
Female 81 81 100% 81 100% 47 47 100% 47 100%
Total 8107 6710 82.77% 5182 63.92% 6982 6982 100% 6982 100%
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 2310 2310 100% 2131 2131 100%
Female 66 66 100% 50 50 100%
Total 2376 2376 100% 2181 2181 100%
Workers
Male 8026 8026 100% 6935 6935 100%
Female 81 81 100% 47 47 100%
Total 8107 8107 100% 6982 6982 100%
10. Health and safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implanted in the entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage
of such a system?
Yes, all plant s of SSWL have implemented ISO 45001 – Occup ational, Health and Safety management systems.
b. What are the processes  used to identify  work-related hazards and assess  risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity?
To ensure adherence to prescribed safety norms, teams visit workplaces/locations to carry out inspections and assessment s of
potential hazards that could harm workers. They also interact with the workmen and explain hazards and risks involved in allocated
activities through toolbox t alks. The Company also has a HIRA  (Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment) process that involves
the identification  of existing as well as potential workplace hazards, assessing risks and determining & implementing controls to
review hazards periodically . Hazards related to working at height s, working in confined sp aces, hot areas, conveyor belt s, heat
stress, inadequate guarding, etc. are covered under  the HIRA policies.
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks.(Y/N)
Yes
d. Do the employees/workers  of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No)
Yes

[page 99]
96
11. Details of safety-related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category* FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million- person-hours worked) Employees 0.13 0.2
Workers 0.37 0.85
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 1 1
Workers 6 2
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 1 1
High-consequence work-related injury or ill health (excluding  fatalities) Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
*including in the contract workforce
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
The company has taken following measures to ensure a safe and healthy workplace:-
i. Various safety training and awareness programmes like HIRA (Hazard Identification  & Risk Assessment), Emergency Preparedness
Mock Drills and Fire safety drills are carried out. Along with it, MSDS works in confined spaces within plants. Health and Safety at
Workplace is also provided by the Company.
ii. The Company has designated team members to continuously monitor activities and safety permit s are issued by safety of ficers for
high-risk working conditions including working at height s, in confined locations, hot areas, on moving machinery and other critical
activities.
iii. Across the plants of SSWL, an applause system is followed, wherein employees and workmen are felicitated for sharing the best
ideas, the highest number of near-miss incidents, initiatives for environmental improvement and energy efficiency.
iv. Daily safety p atrolling by the Plant Head, Maintenance Head and Safety Of ficers to identify unsafe act s and conditions.
v. The Medical rooms are equipped with basic emergency care equipment and medicines.
vi. Safety audit process by plant safety of ficers
vii. Regular checks of the critical equipment and machinery
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during Pending Remarks Filed during Pending Remarks
the year resolution at the year Resolution at
the end of year the end of year
Working Conditions 45 0 - 48 0 -
Health & Safety 16 0 - 10 0 -
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100%
Working Conditions 100%
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant risks/
Concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
As a proactive measure, several activities such as free medical treatment, organization of medical camp s and awareness programmes
on various aspect s (preventive health care, plastic waste, sanit ation, AIDs, and so on) are undert aken by the Comp any. The Company
continuously monitors and assesses it s health & safety practices and working conditions. Investigation is conducted in case any incident
is reported using various methodologies to identify the root cause. The investigation team present s corrective and preventive measures
which is reviewed at various levels by management. V arious safety protocols/SOPs are in place to ensure workplace safety and the
safety of the team members. All leading and lagging indicators are captured and accordingly , corrective & preventive actions are
planned & implemented across all operations.

[page 100]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
97
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory p ackage in the event of the death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B)
Workers (Y/N).
Employees: Yes
Workers: Yes
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value
chain partners.
Every contract issued by SSWL  has “S tandard Terms and Conditions” which needs to be followed by the value chain p artners. The
Purchase/ Service Order is binding for adherence to the payment of statutory dues by the value chain partners. The provisions include but
are not limited to –  payment of “Taxes & Duties,” “Audit Provisions”,  “Compliance  with Laws”, “Compliance  with Statutory Obligations”,
“Intellectual  Property Right s”, “Data Privacy”, “Indemnification” etc.
3. Provide the number of employees/workers having suffered high-consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fat alities (as
reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family
members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees  / workers No. of employees/workers  that are rehabilitated
and placed in suitable employment or whose family
members have been placed  in suitable employment
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Employees 0 0 0 0
Workers 1 1 0 0
4. Does the entity provide transition assist ance programs to facilit ate continued employability and the management of career
endings resulting from retirement or termination of  employment? (Yes/ No)
No
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices  0
Working Conditions  0
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns  arising from assessments of
health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain p artners.
No such assessment s were undert aken during the year under review .
PRINCIPLE 4: Business should  respect the interest s of and be responsive to all it s stakeholders.
Essential indicators
1) Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the Company.
Stakeholder mapping is undertaken at various levels, covering the Company’s plant level and corporate level. SSWL identified the key
stakeholder group s by considering the individuals or entities that have a significant interest or influence on our activities,  operations or
success. The list of identified st akeholders includes the Employees, Communities, Suppliers / Service Providers,  Opinion Leaders /
Experts / Academic Institutions, Media, Customers, Investors, Shareholders and Regulators / Government  Authorities.
2) List stakeholder groups identified as key for the Company and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder Whether identified Channels of communication Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement
Group as vulnerable & (Emails, SMS, Newsp apers, engagement including key topics and concerns
marginalized  group Pamphlets, Advertisement s, (Annually, raised during such engagement
(Yes/No) Community Meetings, Notice Half yearly,
Board, Website, Others) quarterly /
others- please
specify)
Regulatory bodies/ No As per
Government/ statutory
Industry requirement s/
Associations Need-based
Opinion Leaders / No Need-based
Experts / Academic
Institutions
Emails, Conferences,
Represent ations, One-to-one
meetings, Meetings in Industry
Forum
Emails, One-to-one meetings
Compliance-related  requirement s such as the
filing of periodic returns,  report s, payment  of
taxes, etc.
Compliance  to legal requirement s, and advice
on business,  legal, tax, and environment related
issues.

[page 101]
98
Stakeholder Whether identified Channels of communication Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement
Group as vulnerable & (Emails, SMS, Newsp apers, engagement including key topics and concerns
marginalized  group Pamphlets, Advertisement s, (Annually, raised during such engagement
(Yes/No) Community Meetings, Notice Half yearly,
Board, Website, Others) quarterly /
others- please
specify)
Investors/ Funders/ No Annual,
Shareholders Quarterly,
Monthly,
Need-based
Vendors/ Suppliers/ No Annual,
Contractors/  Sellers Quarterly,
Monthly,
Need based
Customers No Need-based
Local communities Yes Annual,
Quarterly,
Monthly,
Weekly, Daily
Employees No Annual,
Quarterly,
Monthly,
Weekly, Daily
Media/NGOs No Need-based
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics or
if consultation is delegated,  how is feedback from  such consultations provided to the Board.
The Company’s senior management engages in regular dialogues with key st akeholders, including customers, investors, employees,
suppliers and government authorities. Senior management engages in informed discussions and of fers feedback to the Managing
Director and Deputy Managing Director of the Comp any on continuous basis.
Further, the company has also established a CSRSC (Corporate Social Responsibility and Sust ainability Committee) at the Board Level.
The Committee is responsible for keeping the Board informed about various economic, environment al and social development s and
seeking input s from the directors.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social topics
(Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the input received from st akeholders on these topics were  incorporated
into the policies and  activities of the entity.
Yes. Based on the consultation SSWL has adopted policies which include the CSR Policy, Environmental Policy as well as SSWL’s
Code of Conduct. SSWL  has implemented various CSR projects, energy and water efficiency projects, adopted principles of circular
economy and continuously  improved on the HR practices. We take feedback from the stakeholders to improve our performance.
3. Provide det ails of inst ances of engagement with, and actions t aken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized
stakeholder groups.
The Company has identified avenues to be meaningfully engaged with the communities through structured project s for improving  their
livelihood through education, skill-based training as well as health awareness programs. Under CSR, the Company has been driving
various activities to uplift the marginalized and vulnerable community. Details of CSR initiatives are available at the Company’s website
https://sswlindia.com/investors/csr/  .
Annual General Meetings,
Notices, Advertisements, Annual
report, Regulatory filings, Website,
Investor present ations, Investor
Meet s, Investor Calls,  Emails,
Grievance Forum
Emails, Supplier meet s, one-to-
one interaction
Customer Meet s, Feedback
calls, Training Forums, Direct
Visits
Meeting with Local Community ,
Public Hearing, CSR Initiatives
Sunrise and sunset meeting,
weekly/monthly reviews, HR
forum, Meetings town halls,
focused group discussions
meetings, E-mails
Community Meeting
Regulatory  compliances,  financial performance
and business updates
To share  and  underst and mutual  needs  and
expectations including for quality, cost & delivery,
growth in  business  avenues.  Also,  to ensure
compliance  to ethical practices.
Promote and grow business by educating  them
about the product, services, and new initiatives
(if any).  Understanding their expectations about
products and services and ways to improve them.
Fulfil transactions  involved in doing business.
SSWL  has  identified  the  disadvant aged,
vulnerable  and marginalized  stakeholders  in its
areas of operation. Based on their needs,  the
Comp any engages in initiatives  related  to
healthcare,  education,  infrastructure
development, rural area development , etc. These
objectives are achieved through the  Company’s
CSR initiatives.
Employee well-being,  enhancing  efficiency and
productivity , Imp arting training through regular
programmes;  increasing  awareness  of  all
aspect s of the business (codes, values, etc.),
Health and safety, Rewards and recognition.
Maintaining quality st andards, health, well-being
and inclusive growth in the community .
Interaction is done with NGOs to do need
analysis for the CSR project related to Local
Community and communication to local media
for awareness.

[page 102]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
99
PRINCIPLE 5: Business should respect and promote human rights.
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following
format:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total (A) No. of employees / % (B / A) Total (C) No. of employees / % (D / C)
workers covered (B) workers covered (D)
Employees
Permanent 2376 2376 100% 2129 2129 100%
Other than Permanent 0 0 0% 52 52 100%
Total Employees 2376 2376 100% 2181 2181 100%
Workers
Permanent 651 651 100% 672 672 100%
Other than Permanent 7456 7456 100%  6310  6310 100%
Total Workers 8107 8107 100% 6982 6982 100%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Equal to More than Total Equal to More than
(A) Minimum W age Minimum W age (D) Minimum W age Minimum W age
No. % No. % No. % No. %
(B) (B/A) (C) (C/A) (E) (E/D) (F) (F/D)
 Employees
Permanent
Male 2310 0 0% 2310 100% 2081 0 0%  2081 100%
Female 66 0 0% 66 100% 48 0 0% 48 100%
Other than Permanent
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 50 0 0% 50 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 2 0 0% 2 100%
Workers
Permanent
Male 651 0 0% 651 100% 672 0 0% 672 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Other than Permanent
Male 7375 0 0% 7375 100% 6263 0 0% 6263 100%
Female 81 0 0% 81 100% 47 41 87% 6 13%

[page 103]
100
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages,  in the following format:
a. Median remuneration/ wages:
Male Female
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ Number Median remuneration/ salary/
wages (Per Annum) of the wages (Per Annum) of the
respective category respective category
(Rs. In Lakhs) (Rs. In Lakhs)
Board of Directors (BoD) 3  729.35 0 Not Applicable
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) 4 87.01 1  Not Applicable
Employees other than BoD and KMP 2306  4.98 65 5.34
Workers 651 4.17 0 Not Applicable
The median remuneration is considered for all employees (including BODs and KMP) and workers who were present throughout the last
& current financial year .
b. Gross wages p aid to females as % of tot al wages p aid by the entity , in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Gross wages p aid to females as % of tot al wages 1.41% 1.57%
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Ltd.
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or
contributed to by the business? (Y es/No)
Yes. The HR Head at the plant level is the focal point responsible for addressing human right s related issues. However, the Company
employs stringent measures to ensure that there are no human right s violations in its area of influence. The Company has complied with
provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaint s Committee(ICC) under the Sexual Harassment of W omen at W orkplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, which is active throughout the organization including the plants and monitors activities,
conduct trainings and carries out investigations to minimize irregularities. Employees are also allowed the opportunity to lodge complaints
or grievances via email as per the V igil Mechanism and Whistle Blower policy of the Comp any. Human right s concerns within the
organization are addressed at the level of the Plant Head, Human Resource Head , the Ethics Counsellor, the Chairman of the Audit
Committee, the Deputy Managing Director and the Managing Director. At the corporate level the HR Head, Ethics Counsellor, Chairman of
the Audit Committee, Deputy Managing Director and the Managing Director shoulder the responsibility.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
As stated above, employees have the freedom to lodge complaints or express their concerns and grievances via email as per the Vigil
Mechanism and Whistle Blower policy and the Human Right s Policy of the Company. Human rights concerns within the organization are
addressed by the Plant head, HR head, Ethics Counsellor, Chairman of the Audit Committee, Deputy Managing Director and the Managing
Director.
The detailed mechanism of the Company’s Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy is available at - 
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/
themes/sswl/asset s/docs/whistleblower .pdf. And the Human Right s Policy of the comp any is available at https://sswlindia.com/wp-
content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/human_right s_policy.pdf
Further, as per the SSWL’s POSH Policy, each complaint of sexual harassment is dealt with utmost confidentiality and on a priority  basis
by the ICC. ICC maint ains a register to endorse the complaint received by it and keep s the contents confidential if  so desired, except to
use the same for  discreet investigation.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during Pending Remarks Filed during Pending Remarks
the year resolution at the year Resolution at
the end of year the end of year
Sexual Harassment 1 0 NA 0 0 NA
Discrimination  at workplace 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Child Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Wages 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Other human related issues 0 0 NA 0 0 NA

[page 104]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
101
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment  of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the
following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Complaint s reported under Sexual Harassment of W omen at W orkplace (Prevention, 1 0
Prohibitionand Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.64% 0
Complaints on POSH upheld 1 0
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
Please see the answer to question number 5 above. Further , t he comp any has est ablished Human Right s and Equal Employment
Opportunities Policies which help in creating a non-discriminatory and harassment free workplace. And, if any complaint related to
discrimination  and harassment arises, they are dealt with utmost confidentiality in compliance to these policies.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes
10. Assessment for the year:
% of the Company’s plants and offices that were assessed
(By the Company or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child Labour 100 %
Forced Labour/Involunt ary Labour 100 %
Sexual Harassment 100 %
Discrimination  at workplace 100 %
Wages 100 %
Other- please specify NA
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the assessments
at Question 10 above.
Since no risks were identified during assessment s, no corrective actions were required to be undert aken.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified/introduced  as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaint s.
The company has not received any grievances/complaint s on human rights issues. Hence, no business modifications were required.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted.
The company has not received any grievances/complaint s on human rights issues. Hence, no due diligence was required.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with
such partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour 0%*
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
Others –  please specify
* In accordance with the Company’s policy on Code of Conduct for Business Partners, all business p artners must treat all employees
with respect & dignity and exhibit zero  tolerance towards sexual harassment, and workplace discrimination, and must not engage in
Child Labour, Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour, etc. They must provide a safe and healthy workplace for their employees and contractors.
Business Partners must be compliant with  local and national laws and regulations on Minimum wages, Occup ational Health & Safety ,
and have the required permit s, licenses, and permissions granted by local and national  statutory authorities. They must also provide their
employees with safe and humane working conditions.

[page 105]
102
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the assessments
at Question 4 above.
Not Applicable.
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Giga Joules) and energy intensity , in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 1,57,681 1,25,325
Total fuel consumption(B) - -
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumption from renewable sources (A+B+C) 1,57,681 1,25,325
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 4,53,357 4,60,481
Total fuel consumption(E) 6,72,718 5,74,883
Energy consumption through other sources (F) - -
Total energy consumption from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 11,26,075 10,35,365
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 12,83,756 11,60,690
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (T otal energy consumption/ turnover in GJ/ Lakhs rupees) 2.9 2.66
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 59.88 59.67
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) *
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (Total energy consumed / Total Production in GJ/MT) 3.63 3.24
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the comp any NA NA
*For India, PPP conversion factor is 20.66 and 22.4 for the years 2025 and 2024 respectively as per the Implied PPP conversion rate
available at 
https://www.imf.org/external/dat amapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade
(PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved.
In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action t aken, if any
Not applicable, as the comp any does not fall in the category of industries mandated under the P AT Scheme.
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water , in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface water 2,43,334 1,73,188
(ii) Groundwater 1,05,338 1,02,635
(iii) Third party water 1,30,174 91,459
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water - -
(v) Others 45,837 39,806
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 5,24,683 4,07,088
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters) 5,24,683 4,07,088
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (W ater consumed / turnover) in KL/ Lakhs Rupees. 1.18 0.93
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)** 24.47 20.93
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Water intensity in terms of physical output (KL/Tonnes) 1.48 1.14
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity NA NA
*Previous year values rest ated.
**For India, PPP conversion factor is 20.66 and 22.4 for the years 2025 and 2024 respectively as per the Implied PPP conversion rate
available at 
https://www.imf.org/external/dat amapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC/IND

[page 106]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
103
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
4. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water discharged:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
No treatment
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(ii) To Groundwater
No treatment
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) To Seawater
No treatment
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third p arties
No treatment
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others
No treatment
With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide det ails of its coverage and implementation.
SSWL has implemented robust Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) systems comprising ETP  (Effluent Treatment Plant) and STP  (Sewage
Treatment Plant) at it s facilities. The treated water is ef fectively recycled for on-site use, minimizing our overall water consumption and
environmental impact.
6. Please provide det ails of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
NOx kg 6,452 9,787
SOx kg 3,311 10,747
Particulate matter (PM) kg 12,366 19,439
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) NA NA NA
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) NA NA NA
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) NA NA NA
Others- please specify NA NA NA
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N)  If yes,
name of the external agency.
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
None of the plant s of the
company discharges water
outside the plant
None of the plant s of the
company discharges water
outside the plant

[page 107]
104
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & it s intensity:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, Metric tonnes of CO2equivalent 43,676 41,126
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, Metric tonnes of CO2equivalent 91,553 91,585
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnover Metric tonnes of CO2 Equivalent 0.31 0.31
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from per Lakhs Indian rupees
operations)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of Metric tonnes of CO2 Equivalent 6.31 6.82
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total per Lakhs Indian rupees
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations
adjusted for PPP)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of Metric tonnes of  CO2 equivalent 0.38 0.37
physical output per Metric Tonnes of production
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional)– the NA NA NA
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide det ails.
Yes, SSWL  has undert aken several initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Our focus areas include energy ef ficiency
improvements in manufacturing processes, waste reduction and the adoption of cleaner technologies. W e have successfully reduced
our carbon footprint s through these initiatives. A few of the initiatives t aken by the comp any to reduce Green House Gas emission
includes the following:
• Adoption of Renewable energy through solar and windmills
• Adoption of clean energy i.e., through switching over from HSD to PNG/Prop ane
• Replacement of conventional air circulators with BLDC technology air circulators
• Radiant cooling system to optimize the HV AC operating load
• Replacement of conventional light s with LEDs
• Installation of energy ef ficient air compressor
• Replacement of old motors with premium ef ficiency IE3 motors
• Switching from diesel operated fork-lif t to battery operated fork-lif ts
• Installation of Energy ef ficient inverter split ACs
• Installation of auto shut of f valves for compressed air
• Waste heat recovery from air compressors/ melting furnace/ heat treatment furnace/ Paint shop s
• Plantation drives across all our locations
9. Provide details related to waste  management by the entity:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 171.5 443
E-Waste (B) 0.33 5.72
Bio-Medical Waste (C) 0.07 0.09
Construction and demolition waste (D) 150 54
Battery Waste (E) - -
Radioactive waste (F) - -
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) –  Lube Oil from DG Set s 3,315 3,047
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any.- Dry and Wet Waste 85,000 80,565*
Total (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H) 88,637 84,114.81*

[page 108]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
105
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (T otal waste generated / Revenue from operations) 0.20 0.19*
Tonnes per Lakhs Rupees
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 4.13 4.32*
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (W aste per production in W aste Tonnes per Tonnes) 0.25 0.24*
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity NA NA
For each category of waste generated, tot al waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other  recovery operations (in metric
tonnes)
Category of waste
Recycled 84,887 82,782*
Re-used - -
Other recovery operations (safely disposed) ** 3,749 3,320
Total 88,636 86,102*
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by type of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
Incineration 365 137
Landfilling - -
Other disposal operations** 3,384 3,183
Total 3,749 3,320
*Previous year figures have been re-stated.
* *We have a contract with an authorized waste management vendor. All waste is segregated and handed over to them for proper and safe
disposal, in accordance with local regulatory guidelines.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your est ablishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your
company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your product s and processes and the practices adopted to
manage such wastes.
SSWL is committed to environmental stewardship and sustainable waste management. Our approach encomp asses waste minimization,
recovery and responsible disposal.
Waste Minimization:
• Continuous evaluation of production processes to identify and eliminate waste generation.
• Implementation of lean manufacturing principles to optimize resource utilization.
• Substitution of hazardous materials with environment friendly alternatives wherever feasible.
Waste Recovery and Recycling:
• Segregation of waste at source to facilit ate recycling and recovery .
• Collaboration with certified recyclers for met al scrap and other recyclable materials.
• Recovery of reusable materials for internal use or sale.
Waste Disposal:
• Adherence to all applicable environment al regulations and permit s.
• Safe and responsible disposal of non-recyclable waste in authorized facilities.
• Minimization of hazardous waste generation and proper disposal in accordance with regulations.
By adopting a circular economy approach, SSWL  aims to reduce it s environment al footprints and contribute to a sust ainable future.

[page 109]
106
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere
reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hot spots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environment al approvals / clearances
are required, please specify det ails in the following format:
S. No. Location of Type of Whether the conditions of environmental approval/clearance  are being
operations/offices operations complied with? (Y/N)
If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
SSWL does not have any operational facilities located within or adjacent to ecologically sensitive areas such as national p arks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hot spots, forests, or coastal regulation zones. As such, no environmental approvals
or clearances are required for our operations in these areas.
12. Details of environment al impact assessment s of project s undert aken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current
financial year:
Name & brief EIA Date Whether conducted by Results Relevant
details of project Notification No. independent external communicated Web link
agency (Yes / No) in public domain
(Yes / No)
SSWL operates in a controlled manufacturing environment with minimal environment al impact. As such, comprehensive environment al
impact assessments (EIAs) are not required for our operations. However , we adhere to all applicable environment al laws and regulations,
including conducting regular environment al audit s and assessment s to identify and mitigate potential imp acts.We maint ain a robust
environmental management system to ensure sust ainable practices across our operations.
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environment al law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the W ater (Prevention
and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment Protection Act and rules thereunder
(Y/N). If not, provide det ails of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
Yes, we comply with all regulations and compliances applicable to us.
S. No. Specify the law/ regulation/ Provide details of Any fines / penalties /action taken Corrective action
guidelines which was  not the non- compliance by regulatory agencies such as taken
complied with pollution control boards  / by courts
NA
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
(i) Name of the area: Not Applicable as none of the plant of the comp any is situated in water stress region
(ii) Nature of operations: Designing & Manufacturing Automotive Component s
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) Surface water
(ii) Groundwater
(iii) Third party water
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
(v) Others
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters)
Total volume of water consumption (in kiloliters)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (W ater consumed / turnover)
Water intensity – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
None of the plant of the
company is situated in
water stress region
None of the plant of the
company is situated in
water stress region

[page 110]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
107
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
(i) Into Surface water
- No treatment
- With treatment please specify level of treatment
(ii) Into Groundwater
- No treatment
- With treatment please specify level of treatment
(iii) Into Seawater
- No treatment
- With treatment please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third p arties
- No treatment
- With treatment level of treatment, please specify level of treatment
(v) Others
- No treatment
- With treatment please specify level of treatment
Total water discharged (in kiloliters) NA NA
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
2. Please provide det ails of total Scope 3 emissions & it s intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24*
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent 1416935 1787062
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Total Scope 3 emissions per lakhs rupee of turnover Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent 3.2 4.10
per Lakhs Indian rupees
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the relevant metric Metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent 4.01 4.99
may be selected by the entity per tonnes production
*Previous year figures have been re-st ated.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
the name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 1 1 of Essential Indicators above, provide det ails of
significant direct & indirect imp act of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities.
Not Applicable
4. If the entity has undert aken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency ,
or reduce imp act due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide det ails of the same as well as
outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
S. No Initiative undert aken Details of the initiative (W eb-link, may be Outcome of the initiative
provided along-with summary)
1 Use of Wind Energy SSWL Chennai Plant is utilizing Wind Energy Reduces the use of Grid Electricity which result s in
reduction  of GHG  Emissions  caused  using  Grid
Electricity.
2 Installation of in-house SSWL has installed roof top solar p anels in all Reduces the use of Grid Electricity which result s in
roof top Solar Panels its plant s aggregating to a cap acity of 6MW . reduction  of GHG  Emissions  caused  using  Grid
Electricity.
3 Various Energy There are several projects. Reduces the use of Grid Electricity which result s in
Efficiency Project s at reduction  of GHG  Emissions  caused  using  Grid
all sites of SSWL Electricity.
None of the plant of the
company is situated in
water stress region
None of the plant of the
company is situated in
water stress region

[page 111]
108
S. No Initiative undert aken Details of the initiative (W eb-link, may be Outcome of the initiative
provided along-with summary)
4 Use of hybrid power The Company has invested in Clean Max This investment has resulted in subst antial conversion
under captive Astria Private Limited, a special purpose of fossil fuel power consumption to renewable sources.
consumption vehicle, in order to procure power generated
by it through solar/wind/hybrid energy for usage
at the comp any’s Mehsana plant.
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give det ails in 100 words/ web link.
Yes, SSWL has a robust Onsite Emergency Plan (OEP) in place, aligned with ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 st andards. This
plan outlines emergency response procedures, roles and responsibilities, and resource allocation to minimize potential imp acts from
various emergencies.
6. Disclose any significant adverse imp act to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity . What mitigation or
adaptation measures have been t aken by the entity in this regard.
SSWL is committed to minimizing its environmental impact throughout the value chain. We have implemented rigorous supplier assessment
and selection processes to ensure that our p artners share our commitment to sust ainability. While we have not identified any significant
adverse environment al impacts from our value chain to date, we maint ain ongoing monitoring and evaluation to proactively address
potential issues.
By adhering to strict environmental standards and collaborating with our suppliers, we strive to create a positive environment al footprints.
7. Percentage of value chain p artners (by value of business done with such p artners) that were assessed for environment al
impacts.
85%
8. How many Green Credit s have been generated or procured:
a. By the listed entity - Nil
b. By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain p artners – Nil
PRINCIPLE 7: BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN A MANNER
THAT IS RESPONSIBLE AND TRANSPARENT.
Essential indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/associations.
One (1)
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/associations  (determined based on the total members of such bodies) the
Company is a member of/affiliated to.
S. No. Name of the trade and industry Reach of trade and industry chambers/
chambers/ associations associations (S tate/National)
1. Automotive Component Manufacturing Association (ACMA) National
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the Company,
based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of the authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
Nil
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the Company:
S. Public Policy Method resorted Whether information Frequency of Review by Board Web Link,
No. advocated for such available in public (Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly/ if available
advocacy domain? (Yes/ No) Others- please specify)
 Nil

[page 112]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
109
PRINCIPLE 8: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE DEVELOPMENT.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the Company, based on applicable laws, in the current
financial year.
 Name & SIA  Date of Whether conducted by Results Relevant
brief details Notification No. notification independent external communicated in Web-link
of project agency (Yes / No) public domain (Y es/No)
Not Applicable
2. Provide information on the project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by the
Company, in the following format:
S. Name of Project State District No. of Project % of PAFs Amounts paid to
No. for which R&R Affected covered by PAFs in the FY
is ongoing Families (PAFs) R&R (In INR)
Not Applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
The Company works closely with the community in the identified areas of contribution in the thrust areas for carrying out the Corporate
Social Responsibility initiatives. W ithin the area of work, the employees of the Comp any work with the communities to underst and the
impact of the initiatives on the intended beneficiaries.  These interactions provide the people with ample opportunities  to gauge and
address community concerns. Based on these interactions, we have not encountered any specific grievances from the community at
present.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/Small Producers 6.00% 6.00%
Sourced directly from within India 83.02% 81.42%*
*Previous year value re-st ated.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
5. Job creation in smaller towns- Disclose wages p aid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a
permanent or non- permanent/ on contractual basis) in the following locations, as % of tot al wages cost.
Location FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Rural 43.55% 53%
Semi-Urban 43.93% 33%
Urban 0% 12%
Metropolitan 12.52% 2%
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments (Reference:
Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not applicable as no social impact assessment was carried out during FY 2024-25
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by the Company in the designated aspirational districts as
identified by government bodies:
S. No. State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
1.  Jharkhand  East Singhbhum 10,08,166/-

[page 113]
110
3.  (a) Do you have a preferential  procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized/
vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
No
(b) From which marginalized/vulnerable  groups do you procure?
Not applicable
(c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
Not applicable
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by the Company (in the current
financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
S. No. Intellectual Property based Owned/ Acquired Benefit shared Basis of calculating
on traditional knowledge (Yes/ No) (Yes/No) benefit share
Not applicable
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein
usage of traditional knowledge  is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
Not applicable
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
The Company actively interacts with the community and performs need-based assessments for the implementation of CSR activities.
The details of all CSR activities undertaken by the Company during the financial year 2024-25 can be accessed in the Annual Report on CSR
forming part of the Boards’ Report.
S. CSR Project No. of persons % of beneficiaries
No. benefitted from from vulnerable
CSR Projects and marginalized
groups
1 Gyan Setu Program for Migrant Children Brick Klins and Slum Area 409 100%
2 Annual Scholarship Program for Covid Orphaned children 4 100%
3 Life Skill Education Program for children af fected with Autism 4 100%
4 Special Education Program Underprivileged Children 45 100%
5 School for Underprivileged Non-School Going Tribal Children, Jamshed pur 107 100%
6 School Development Project 2488 100%
7 Environment Sust ainability 825 100%
8 Strengthening of Rural Health Centre Building, Jeoli 4368 100%
9 Promotion of Nationally Recognized S port 1 100%
10 Rural Health Clinic Syalikhet 929 100%
11 Construction of new classroom at Government Primary School, Lalru, Punjab 370 100%
12 Construction of New school building at Government Primary School Handesra, 134 100%
Derabassi
13 School Infrastructure Development Program- Kisan V idyala, Martoli, Mehsana 89 100%
14 Renovation work at ITI Lalru, Punjab 120 100%
15 School Support Program 120 100%
16 Annual scholarship for needy children-p aid fee and other education expense 20 100%
of needy children
17 Community Centre 500 100%
18 Support to run Child Day Care Centres 20 100%
19 Blanket Aid for Homeless Migrant people 50 100%

[page 114]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
111
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner 
Essential indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
SSWL has a comprehensive mechanism in place to receive and respond to consumer feedback and complaint s. SSWL  is B to B
company and we are in direct contact with the OEMs. We have various channels, such as direct feedback, email address as well as
meetings. All customer complaint s are jointly handled by the Quality and Marketing & Research and Development Dep artments of the
Company, whose primary responsibility is to address customer grievances and arrive at prompt and workable resolution. Each complaint
is documented using a complaint form that captures important details about the kind and scope of the concern. The said dep artments
promptly resolve each complaint by performing the root cause analysis and escalating the matter to the appropriate officials (as applicable).
The entire process is closely monitored and tracked until a satisfactory resolution is provided to  the customer.
2. Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposal
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Received Pending resolution Remarks Received Pending resolution Remarks
during  at end of year during at end of year
the year the year
Data privacy 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Advertising 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Cyber- security 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Delivery of essential services Not Applicable Not Applicable
Restrictive Trade Practices 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Unfair Trade Practices 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Other (product related) 43 0 - 41 0 -
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0 NA
Forced recalls 0 NA
5. Does the Company have a framework/policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a
web link of the policy .
Yes, SSWL  has a framework on cyber security and dat a privacy . The same is available on the website of the comp any at
https://sswlindia.com/wp-content/themes/sswl/asset s/docs/information_security_policy .pdf . The Comp any has also been certified for
the Information Security Management  System Standard: ISO/IEC 27001.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services;
cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty/action taken by regulatory
authorities on safety of products/services.
Not applicable
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches, along with impact
Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers
Not applicable
c. Impact, if any, of the dat a breaches
Not applicable
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes,
name of the external agency .
Yes, Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
Not applicable, as the wheel is a p art of automobile. SSWL   is a B-to-B
company and the customer furnishes necessary information as per
applicable requirement.

[page 115]
112
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the Company can be accessed (provide web-link, if available).
The adequate information regarding products of the company is available on the website of the company at https://sswlindia.com/steel_wheels/.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
We adopt globally recognized st andards like IT - TAC (Indian Technical Tyre Advisory Committee) and ETR TO (European Tyre Rim
Technical Organization), TRA (Tyre Rim Association) and other National and International good practices. Product Responsibility  aspects
are considered from product concept and development st ages until delivery in accordance with RoHS/ REACH/ GADCL  or customer-
specific requirements. We declare the material and upload the data on the IMDS platform for specific customer requirements. We label the
wheels as per the IS Standards (IS 9436:2018, IS 9438:2018, IS 16192:2014 Part 2) and applicable statutory requirements (for example,
BIS for India, SNI for Indonesia, Inmetro for Brazil, DOT  for the USA, etc.) and customer-specific requirement s (as applicable). SSWL
manufactures the wheels which are fitted on cars, MUV, tractors, commercial vehicles, two wheelers, OTR vehicles etc. SSWL leverages
digital media to educate customers and other stakeholders by sharing information related to its product through catalogues, which
eventually leads to the selection of  the right wheel category.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation  of essential services.
Not Applicable
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not
Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief.
No
Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products/services of the entity,
significant locations of operation of the entity, or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
No

[page 116]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
113
Independent Reasonable Assurance S tatement to S teel Strips Wheels Limited on their Business Responsibility & Sust ainability
Report (BRSR) - FY2024-25
To,
The Management,
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Introduction
Intertek India Private Limited (“Intertek”) was engaged by S teel S trips Wheels Limited (“SSWL”) to provide an independent reasonable
assurance on it s Business Responsibility & Sust ainability Report (BRSR) for FY2024-25 (“the Report”). The scope of the Report comprises
the reporting periods of FY2024-25. The Report is prep ared by SSWL  based on BRSR guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (SEBI). The assurance was performed in accordance with the requirement s of International Federation of Accountants (IFAC)
International Standard on Assurance Engagement (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information.
Objective
The objectives of this reasonable assurance engagement were, by review of objective evidence, to confirm whether the sust ainability related
disclosures in the Report are in alignment with the BRSR Core disclosures requirement s laid down by SEBI and were accurate, complete,
consistent, transp arent and free of material errors or omission in accordance with the criteria outlined below .
Intended Users
This Assurance Statement is intended to be a p art of the Annual Report of S teel Strips Wheels Limited.
Responsibilities
The management of SSWL  is solely responsible for the development of the Report and it s presentation. Management is also responsible for
the design, implement ation and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the prep aration of the Report so that it is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error .
Intertek’s responsibility, as agreed with the management of SSWL, is to provide assurance and express an opinion on the data and assertions
in the Report based on our verification following the assurance scope and criteria given below . Intertek does not accept or assume any
responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person or organization. This document represent s Intertek’s independent and balanced
opinion on the content and accuracy of the information and dat a held within.
Assurance Scope
The assurance has been provided for selected sust ainability performance disclosures as per BRSR core disclosures with reference to
Business Responsibility and Sust ainability Reporting by listed entities as per SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155
dated November 1 1, 2024 presented by SSWL  in it s Report. The assurance boundary included dat a and information for the project s and
operations of SSWL  in its 5 Plant s and Corporate Of fice located in dif ferent states in India, in accordance with SEBI’ s BRSR guidelines.
Our scope of assurance included verification of internal control systems, dat a and information on core disclosures reported, as summarized
below:
BRSR-Core Disclosures
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity , and in a manner that is Ethical, T ransparent and
Accountable
• Number of days of account s payable
• Concentration of purchases & sales done with trading houses, dealers, and related p arties.
· Loans and advances & investment s with related p arties
Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
• Cost incurred on well-being measures of employees and workers as a percent age of total revenue of the comp any
• Safety related incident s for employees and workers (L TIFR + Fat ality + Permanent Disabilities) including contractual workforce
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human right s
• Gross wages p aid to females as percent age of total wages p aid
• Complaints on POSH
Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make effort s to protect and restore the environment
• Total scope 1 and scope 2 emissions
• GHG emissions intensity (scope 1 and 2)
• Total water consumption, water consumption Intensity and water discharge by destination and levels of treatment
• Total energy consumed, percent age of energy consumed from renewable sources and energy intensity
• Total waste generated (category wise), waste intensity , Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations;
Total waste disposed by nature of disposal method; waste diverted from landfill.
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equit able development
• Input material sourced (from MSMEs/ small producers and from within India)
• Job creation in smaller towns– W ages paid to persons employed in smaller towns (permanent or non-permanent /on contract) as % of
total wage cost

[page 117]
114
Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
• Instances involving loss / breach of dat a of customers as % of tot al data breaches or cyber security event s
Assurance Criteria
Intertek conducted the assurance work in accordance with requirements of ‘Reasonable Assurance’ procedures as per the following
standard:
• International Standard on Assurance Engagement s (ISAE) 3000 (revised) for ‘Assurance Engagement s other than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information’.
• International Standard on Assurance Engagement s (ISAE) 3410 for ‘Assurance Engagement s on Greenhouse Gas S tatement
A reasonable assurance engagement involved assessing the risks of material misst atement of the agreed indicators/p arameters whether due
to fraud or error , responding to the assessed risks as necesaary in the circumt ances. A materiality threshold level of 5% was applied.
Assessment of compliance and materiality was undert aken against the st ated calculation methodology and criteria.
Limitations
We have relied on the information, document s, records, dat a, and explanations provided to us by SSWL  for the purpose of our review .
The assurance scope excludes:
• Any disclosures beyond those specified in the Scope section above.
• Data and information falling out side the defined reporting period.
• Data pertaining to the Comp any’s financial performance, strategy , and associated linkages articulated in the Report.
• Assertions made by the Comp any encomp assing expressions of opinion, belief, aspiration, expect ation, forward-looking st atements,
and claims related to Intellectual Property Right s and other competitive issues.
While we considered the ef fectiveness of management’ s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our
assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
The procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of dat a within
software/IT systems.
Methodology
Intertek performed assurance work using risk-based approach to obt ain the information, explanations and evidence that was considered
necessary to provide a reasonable level of assurance. The assurance was conducted by desk reviews, visit to SSWL ’s site in Mehsana,
Dappar and Head office Chandigarh and st akeholder interviews with regards to the reporting and supporting records for the FY2024-25. Our
assurance task was planned and carried out during June-July 2025. The assessment included the following:
• Review of the Report that was prep ared in accordance with the SEBI’ s BRSR guidelines.
• Review of processes and systems used to gather and consolidate dat a.
• Examined and reviewed document s, data and other information with respect to all operational sites of SSWL  made available in both
physical and digit al form at selected SSWL ’s operational site in Mehsana, Dapp ar and head of fice in Chandigarh.
• Conducted physical and online interviews with key personnel responsible for dat a management pert aining to all operational sites of
SSWL at the selected SSWL ’s operational site.
• Assessment of appropriateness of various assumptions, estimations and thresholds used by SSWL  for dat a analysis.
• Review of BRSR core disclosures for the duration from 1 st April 2024 to 31 st March 2025 for SSWL  was carried out at SSWL ’s selected
location.
• Appropriate document ary evidence was obt ained to support our conclusions on the information and dat a reviewed and det ails provided
in a separate report.
Conclusions
Intertek reviewed BRSR for core disclosures provided by SSWL  in it s Business Responsibility and Sust ainability Report (BRSR) in annual
report FY2024-25. Based on the dat a and information provided by SSWL, Intertek concludes that the sust ainability dat a and information is
fairly presented in all material aspect s as on the reporting st andards.
Intertek’s Competence and Independence
Intertek is a global provider of assurance services with a presence in more than 100 countries employing approximately 43,500 people. The
Intertek assurance team included competent sust ainability assurance professionals, who were not involved in the collection and collation of
any data except for this assurance opinion. Intertek maint ains complete imp artiality towards any people interviewed.
Date: 01.08.2025 For Intertek India Pvt. Lt d.
Poonam Sinha Shilpa Naryal Sandeep Vig
Verifier Head of Sust ainability Director-Business Assurance
Intertek India Intertek South Asia & MENAP Intertek India & MENAP
No member of the verification team (st ated above) has a business relationship with S teel Strips Wheels Lt d. stakeholders beyond that is
required of this assignment. No form of bribe has been accepted before, throughout and af ter performing the verification. The verification
team has not been intimidated to agree to do this work, change and/or alter the result s of the verification. The verification team has not
participated in any form of nepotism, self-dealing and/or tampering. If any concerns or conflicts were identified, appropriate mitigation measures
were put in place, documented and presented with the final report. The process followed during the verification is based on the principles of
impartiality, evidence, fair present ation and document ation. The document ation received and reviewed support s the conclusion reached and
stated in this opinion.

[page 118]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
115
MANAGEMENT
DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
India’s growth story continues to draw global attention, backed by strong fundament als and consistent performance. Real GDP , which
measures the economy’ s output af ter removing the ef fects of inflation, exp anded by 6.5 % in financial year (FY) 2024–25. RBI expect s this
pace to continue into FY  2025–26 and forecasting the growth of 6.3 % for the GDP . Global conditions, by contrast, remain fragile due to
various geopolitical as well as economic policy issues. The trade tensions, policy uncert ainties, and declining cross-border investment s are
a few headwinds expected in FY 2025-26 for the global growth.
Indian Automobile sector
India’s automotive sector witnessed a strong performance in FY  2024-25, driven by a blend of technological advancement s such as smart
manufacturing using AI and a growing attraction for EVs. This positive momentum was further amplified by government policies as well as
rising exports of the automobiles, which encourages local production. The industry is also progressing towards advanced technologies such
as ADAS and Internet of Things (IoT) integrated connected cars, along with influential global event s such as Bharat Mobility Global Expo
2025. This strong focus on digit alization is expected to attract a wave of investment from both, domestic and international sources for further
development of these technologies.
India is rapidly emerging as a global hub for automotive component sourcing, with the sector exporting more than a quarter of it s annual
production. To further accelerate this growth, the automotive sector has set a t arget to invest USD7 billion by FY  2027-28 to boost the
localisation of advanced component s. This thriving sector provides employment to 37 million people across the country , supported by the
Automotive Mission Plan (2016-26), which aims to create an additional 3.2 million direct jobs by 2026.
India enjoys a strong position in the global heavy vehicles market as it is the largest tractor producer , second-largest bus manufacturer , and
third-largest heavy truck manufacturer in the world. During FY  2024-25, the tot al production of p assenger vehicles, commercial vehicles,
three-wheelers, two-wheelers, and Quadricycles was 3,10,34,174 unit s. Automobile export s from India surged by 19% to over 5.3 million
units in the FY  2024-25, driven by strong demand for p assenger vehicles, two-wheelers, and commercial vehicles in international market s.
Industry Outlook
The automobile industry is dependent on various factors such as the availability of skilled labour at low cost, robust R&D centres, and
low-cost steel production. The industry also provides great investment opportunities and direct and indirect employment to skilled and
unskilled labour. The electric vehicles industry is likely to create five crore jobs by 2030.
Addressing the automotive industry’ s needs, Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) has extended the tenure of the Production Linked Incentive
(PLI) Scheme for Automobile and Auto Component s by one year , offering incentives for determined sales over five consecutive financial
years from 2023-24 to 2027-28, with disbursement occurring in the subsequent financial year . The scheme has proven successful, attracting
proposed investment s of USD 8.1 billion (Rs. 67,690 crore) against the t arget estimate of USD 5.1 billion (Rs. 42,500 crore) over five years,
with USD 1.6 billion (Rs. 13,037 crore) already invested by December 31, 2023.
Automobile Produc tion Trends
(In numbers)
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger Vehicles 34,24,564 30,62,280 36,50,698 45,87,116 49,01,840 50,61,164
Commercial V ehicles 7,56,725 6,24,939 8,05,527 10,35,626 10,67,504 10,32,645
Three Wheelers 11,32,982 6,14,613 7,58,669 8,55,696 9,96,159 10,50,020
Two Wheelers 2,10,32,927 1,83,49,941 1,78,21,111 1,94,59,009 2,14,68,527 2,38,83,857
Quadricycles 6,095 3,836 4,061 2,897 5,006 6,488
Grand Total 2,63,53,293 2,26,55,609 2,30,40,066 2,59,40,344 2,84,39,036 3,10,34,174
The industry recorded a growth of 9.14% by producing a tot al of 3,10,34,174 vehicles in FY  2024-25 in comp arison to 2,84,39,036 vehicles
in FY 2023-24. PVs production in the FY  2024-25 has recorded a growth of nearly 3.25%. Total of 50,61,164 unit s of PVs were produced
during the FY  2024-25 as against 49,01,840 unit s in the previous FY  2023-24.

[page 119]
116
Automobile Domestic Sales T rends
(In numbers)
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger Vehicles 27,73,519 27,11,457 30,69,523 38,90,114 42, 18,750 43,01,848
Commercial V ehicles 7,17,593 5,68,559 7,16,566 9,62,468 9,68,770 9,56,671
Three Wheelers 6,37,065 2,19,446 2,61,385 4,88,768 6,94,801 7,41,420
Two Wheelers 1,74,16,432 1,51,20,783 1,35,70,008 1,58,62,771 1,79,74,365 1,96,07,332
Quadricycles 942 -12 124 725 725 120
Grand Total 2,15,45,551 1,86,20,233 1,76,17,606 2,12,04,846 2,38,57,411 2,56,07,391
The industry recorded a growth of 7.34% by selling a tot al of 2,56,07,391 vehicles in FY  2024-25 in comparison to 2,38,57,411 vehicles in FY
2023-24. PVs sales in the FY  2023-24 has recorded a growth of nearly 1.97%. Total of 43,01,848 unit s of PVs were sold during the
FY 2024-25 as against 42, 18,750 unit s in the previous FY  2023-24.
India’s automotive sector has rapidly transformed into a global powerhouse, securing it s position as the world’ s third-largest market. This
transformation is fueled by evolving consumer preferences, increasing demand for sust ainable mobility, and the Indian government’s forward-
thinking policies. Initiatives like the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) for Automobiles, PM E-DRIVE and Scheme to Promote Manufacturing
of Electric Passenger (SMEC) schemes have cat alysed this growth. As of September 2024, with Rs. 20,715 crore invested and Rs. 10,472
crore increment al sales achieved under the PLI scheme alone, the sector is on the point of a major leap forward.
 Export Outlook
Automobile export s from India rose by 19.17% to over 53,63,089 units in FY 2024-25 driven by robust demand for p assenger vehicles, two
wheelers and commercial vehicles in the overseas market s. Overall export s in FY  2024-25 stood at 53,63,089 unit s as comp ared with
45,00,494 unit s in FY 2023-24.
Passenger vehicle shipment s rose by 14.62% to 7,70,364 unit s in FY 2024-25 as against 6,72,105 unit s in FY 2023-24. Two-wheeler exports
increased by 21.40% to 41,98,403 unit s in FY 2024-25 as against 34,58,416 unit s in FY 2023-24 . Three-wheeler export s grew by 2.31% in
FY 2024-25 to 3,06,914 unit s as compared to 2,99,977  units in FY 2023-24 . Export s of commercial vehicles grew by 23.05% in FY  2023-24
to 80,986 unit s as compared with 65,818 unit s in the FY  2023-24.
(In numbers)
Category 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Passenger Vehicles 6,62,118 4,04,397 5,77,875 6,62,891 6,72,105 7,70,364
Commercial V ehicles 60,379 50,334 92,297 78,645 65,818 80,986
Three Wheelers 5,01,651 3,93,001 4,99,730 3,65,549 2,99,977 3,06,914
Two Wheelers 35,19,405 32,82,786 44,43,131 36,52,122 34,58,416 41,98,403
Quadricycles 5,185 3,529 4,326 2,280 4,178 6,422
Grand Total 47,48,738 41,34,047 56,17,359 47,61,487 45,00,494 53,63,089
Opportunities
SSWL is focusing on Aluminisation and light weight opportunity for domestic as well as export market s. A large global alloy wheels market is
an opportunity for making entry . Many more aluminum product s will also be t argeted to cater to global customers from existing facilities.
Capacity expansion in tractor will help exp anding customer market share and product range. Due to increasing competitiveness, EU is facing
large cost pressures to serve the customers. W e see this as a great opportunity for SSWL  to serve the customer in competitive manner .
Threats 
The global economic growth remains a big risk for the industry . The potential risks coming from trade wars is still unknown and is under
consideration for analysis. The full year imp act of the same is being anticip ated and counter action plan is underway to help absorb the
impact.

[page 120]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
117
Financial Performance with respect to Operational Performance
A brief on the financial performance of your comp any during the financial year under review on both st andalone and consolidated basis is
given as below: -
On standalone basis:
• the Total Income for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 4,44,243.74 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 4,37,315.93 lakhs in FY 2023-24,
thereby recording an increase of 1.58%.
• In terms of number of wheels, the Company has achieved sale of 190.91 Lakh wheel rims for the financial year under review as against
sale of 190.33 lakh wheel rims during the FY 2023-24, recording an increase of 0.31%.
• During the financial year under review , the comp any also commenced commercial production of knuckles through which the comp any
generated a sale of 46952 unit s.
• Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation and Tax (EBIDTA) for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 50,025.36 lakhs as compared
to Rs. 48,125.82 lakhs in FY 2023-24, recording an increase of 3.95%.
• the Profit before Tax for the financial year under review has slightly decreased to Rs. 28,201.37 lakhs from Rs. 28,863.92 lakhs in FY
2023-24 marking a decline of 2.30%.The Profit after Tax (before comprehensive income) has also slightly decreased to Rs. 20,995.01
lakhs from Rs. 21,989.49 lakhs, resulting in a decrease of 4.52%.
On consolidated basis:
• the Total Income for the financial year under review rose to Rs. 4,43,216.59 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 4,37,075.01 lakhs in FY 2023-24,
thereby recording an increase of 1.41%.
• EBIDTA for the financial year under review stood at Rs. 48,750.75 lakhs as comp ared to Rs. 47,766.42 lakhs in FY  2023-24, thereby
recording an increase of 2.06%.
• The Profit before Tax after exceptional item for the financial year under review decreased to Rs. 25,899.28 lakhs from Rs. 74,342.88
lakhs in FY 2023-24 recording a decrease of 65.16% mainly on account of the exceptional item in FY  2023-24. Similarly, the Profit after
Tax (before comprehensive income) for the financial year under review decreased to Rs. 19,528.45 lakhs from Rs. 67,468.45 lakhs in
FY 2023-24, recording a decrease of 71.06%.
Outlook
Steel & Aluminum is the primary raw material for the product s of the Company, and is a very significant p art of the final product cost of S teel
& Aluminum wheel. Volatility in prices of Steel & Aluminum continue to be a reality and pose a challenge to inventory and financial management
for the Comp any in this competitive auto component sector .
Factor of global growth has become a key linkage between economies and the consumer sentiment. Global growth is still limping on weak
wicket and manufacturing output is still shrinking for a large p art of the globe. The world economies are currently facing large headwinds on
account of geo-political and trade t ariff issues popping up over the p ast year. The uncertainties will restrict investment s and surely hurt the
demand sentiment s across the globe. In the near term, hazy outlooks will restrict growth opportunities for all the automobile industry .
The Company is diversifying towards European Region alongwith newer product s to counter the trade t ariff impacts.
Top customer concentration is a risk, as 85% of revenues come from domestic market customers and Comp any is increasing it s footprints in
Export markets by catering to wide ranges of segment and customers. The Company has ventured into alloy wheel and steering knuckles to
improve the product diversification to de-risk it self from being only in steel wheel segment. Comp any is aggressively working on New Product
Developments to widen it s reach across domestic and export customers.
Foreign currency movement also poses the risk towards the corporate performance as global currencies swings are extreme due to various
macro issues persisting in current environment. This may act as a headwind for some time to come till situation becomes normal and volatility
among global currency recedes to normalized levels.
To mitigate the risk, the Comp any continues to strive to improve it s operational performance and develop new component s, which are
technologically superior and have an edge over the competitors.
Return on Net W orth (PAT/Net Worth)
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 Detailed Explanation
13.60% 16.34% Lower PAT was due to increase in depreciation and interest cost which result s in lower return on
net worth.

[page 121]
118
Key Financial Ratios
Key Financial Ratio FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 % Change Calculation formula Detailed Explanation in
case change is more
than 25%
Debtors Turnover 30.89 days 27.07 days 14.12% -
Inventory Turnover 59.34 days 59.93Days 0.99% -
Interest Coverage Ratio 1.92  2.32 -17.21% -
Current Ratio 1.11  1.09 1.30% -
Debt Equity Ratio 0.19  0.29 -36.65% Improved due to
reduction in debt
Operating Profit Margin (%) 9.01%  8.98% 0.33% -
Net Profit Margin (%) 4.74%  5.05% 6.07% -
SEGMENT REPORTING
The Comp any is primarily engaged in the business of manufacturing Wheel Rims and other automotive component s catering to dif ferent
segment of automobile industry . The inherent nature of activities is governed by the same set of risk and returns; hence these have been
grouped as a single segment. The said treatment is in accordance with the principle enunciated in the IND AS 108- Operating Segment s.
RISKS & CONCERNS
The Company’s business is exposed to many internal and external risks and it has consequently put in place robust systems and processes,
along with appropriate review mechanisms to actively monitor , manage and mitigate these risks. Some of the key existing and emerging risks
affecting the Comp any are as follows:
Risks Type Key Risks Impact on SSWL Mitigation
Strategic Risk Global Economic Scenario
Long term growth dependent
on capacity expansion
Average trade Receivables/Gross
Revenue from operations
Average Inventory/ Sale of Products
in days
Net profit af ter t axes + Non-cash
operating expenses+ finance cost /
Debt service = Finance cost+
Schedule Rep ayment (excluding
prepayment)
Current Asset s/Current Liabilities
(excluding Current Maturities of Long
term Debt)
Long Term Debt (excluding Current
Maturities of Long term Debt)/
Shareholder ’s Equity(excluding
Revaluation reserve)
Profit before t ax and interest/Net
Sales=Total sales-sales return
Net Profit/Net Sales= Total sales -
sales return
Vehicle purchase across dif ferent
segment has strong correlations with
GDP growth. The decision to purchase
a p assenger vehicle comes under
customers’ discretionary spending
which is linked to their perception of
business outlook. Depressed
economic outlook can imp act this
spending and thereby constrain the
Company’s growth potential.
Capacities utilization across all the
plants are inching up gradually and
with business environment turning
favorable growth in long term will be
dependent on Cap acity addition.
Diversified product mix, segment mix and
customer mix. Target newer market
segment s which might provide counter-
cyclical support.
Debottlenecking exercise across all the
facilities are being carried every quarter .
Optimum scheduling of production across
different products thereby improving yield.
Possibility of setting up new lines wherein
Comp any has project Management
expertise.

[page 122]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
119
Risks Type Key Risks Impact on SSWL Mitigation
Operation Risk Supply chain management
Employee Productivity and
retention
Competition
Climate and Environment
Water security
The complexity and global sp an of
automotive industry supply chains
expose comp anies to significant
sust ainability and disruption risks,
impacting operational continuity and
leading to decline in sales and
margins.
Employees’ engagement and
productivity contribute to the growth of
the Comp any . To meet the
organization goals and customer
expect ations, employees with
creativity , innovative ideas and
expertise in dif ferent areas are an
asset to the Comp any. Attrition of
talent has a negative imp act on the
growth of the comp any.
Competition in the business has
increased significantly causing a
serious adverse impact on the margins
of the auto component manufacturers.
Customer dissatisfaction with price,
quality , delivery performance, and
design could lead to a loss of market
share. In contrary to above, Shif t of
the un-organized market to brand-
based product of ferings and
developing new component s turn the
competition into opportunity .
Manufacturing  sectors are generally
associated with high pollution during the
manufacturing  processes.  Growing
environment al concerns  have made
the Companies to focus its investments
on renewable sources of  energy and
controlling  & modifying of various
manufacturing  processes having
adverse impacts on the environment.
Fresh water is an import ant input for
both manufacturing processes and
domestic purposes of the Comp any.
Processes such as p aint booths are
water intensive processes in
automotive industry . It is import ant to
use quality water to maintain the paint
quality. Water scarcity is India’ s silent
crisis and unpredictable rainfall across
India makes the manufacturing plant s
more vulnerable for water short ages.
Hence, insulating against water risk is
one of the identified business risks and
priorities.
SSWL aims to develop a resilient supply
chain framework by diversifying suppliers
and integrating sust ainability criteria into
supplier selection. At SSWL  we have
implemented transp arent supply chain
practices to ensure compliance with
environment al and social st andards,
thereby reducing potential risks.
Focused approach on employee
engagement and retention of t alent
through multiple initiatives includes
providing cross functional access, training
opportunities, recognitions and skill
development. The Company continuously
makes ef forts to promote diversity and
offer equal opportunities to all irrespective
of their age, gender, colour or religion etc.
The Comp any continues to strive to
improve its operational performance, strict
quality controls and develop new
component s, which are technologically
superior and have an edge over it s
competitors.
The Comp any works closely with it s key
customers on product development and
remains ahead on the technology curve.
SSWL is working on alternate sources of
energy, water recycling and enhanced use
of returnable packaging to minimize waste
and maximize reuse. The Comp any is
constantly striving ahead in converting its
fossil fuel based power consumption  to
renewable resources. The Comp any has
further invested in Clean Max Astria Pvt.
Ltd. (CMAPL), a special purpose vehicle
engaged in the business of production,
generation, supply and distribution of wind,
solar and/or hybrid power in order to of f-
take Electricity generated by it under
captive consumption. The Comp any has
installed roof top solar facilities at all it s
plants. The implementation of which has
resulted in subst antial conversion of fossil
fuel  power  consumption to renewable
sources. All plants have moved completely
on fresh polycarbonate  sheets to improve
lux levels and  save power consumption.
The Company strives to mitigate the water
risk by adopting following methods:
Optimum usage of water in all operations
through various water efficiency measures
adopted such as low volume water t aps,
arresting leakages in pipelines, amongst
others.
Rainwater harvesting: By increasing
rainwater storage cap acity.
Recycling: By installing ETP/STP and RO
plants, we strive to increase our water
recycling cap acity.

[page 123]
120
Risks Type Key Risks Impact on SSWL Mitigation
Energy Management
Financial Risk Currency Volatility
Debt Burden
Credit Rating
Social cost s
Credit Risk
Financial Fraud
The use of energy is an inevitable part
of the Comp any’ s operations.
However , ef ficient use and the
implementation of our own renewable
energy sources will help in improving
the Comp any’ s operations. In the
short-term, there may be a negative
impact from investing in renewable
sources of energy; however , in the
long-term there would be a positive
impact from methodical use of these
energy sources and aligning with
industry expect ations.
Volatility in currency exchange
movement s resulting in transaction
and translation exposure.
The Comp any’ s out standing
indebtedness in an adverse
environment can have significant
imp act on financial flexibility and
business as a whole.
Failure to maintain credit ratings could
adversely af fect cost of funds.
SSWL’s assumptions while estimating
social cost s like gratuity  funding are
subject  to actuarial risks and any
short fall  could  put  pressure  on
financial performance of the Company.
Customer default can pose a
significant challenge and imp act the
bottom line of the Comp any.
Financial fraud can challenge the
reputation as well as existence of the
Comp any besides denting the
confidence on the systems in place.
Ground water recharge: By inst alling
specially designed deep aquifer pit s for
improving ground water table to ensure the
availability of water for the community .
SSWL  is const antly striving ahead in
converting it s fossil fuel power
consumption to renewable resources. The
Company is actively engaged in energy
management. The Comp any has further
invested in Clean Max Astria Pvt. Lt d.
(CMAPL), a special purpose vehicle
engaged in the business of production,
generation, supply and distribution of wind,
solar and/or hybrid power to of f-t ake
Electricity generated by it under captive
consumption. The Company has installed
rooftop solar facilities at all it s plant s. All
plants have moved completely on fresh
polycarbonate sheet s to improve working
conditions and save power consumption.
Board approved Currency hedging policies
and practices are in place.Close
monitoring of hedging strategy by risk
management committee.Quarterly
assessment of foreign exchange exposure
by Board.
Close monitoring of debt profile and
continuous ef fort to bring the cost in line
with industry. Continuous effort to maintain
the impeccable credit history . Quarterly
review of financial leverage and efforts are
on to move towards industry benchmark.
Regular exchange of information and
updates with agency . Focused approach
to work on areas of improvement and to
build upon areas of strength. Close
monitoring of triggers highlighted in rating
rationale.
A framework to manage social cost  risks
has been deployed to ensure  that
obligations  remain  af fordable  and
sustainable.
Systems are in place to assess the credit
worthiness of new as well as existing
customers.
Adequate Internal financial control system
are in place. Adequate accounting records
are in place to safeguard the asset s of
Company and for preventing and detecting
frauds. V igil Mechanism in place  that
provides a formal mechanism for all
Directors, employees and vendors of the
Comp any  to approach the Ethics   
Counselor/Chairman of the  Audit
Committee of the Board and make
protective disclosures about the unethical
behavior, actual or suspected fraud.

[page 124]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
121
Risks Type Key Risks Impact on SSWL Mitigation
Legal Risk Ethics and Compliance
Health and Safety Health and Safety
Information/ Cyber Information/Cyber security
security
INTERNAL CONTROLS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Company has a robust internal control and audit system to provide adequate assurance regarding the ef fectiveness and ef ficiency of its
systems and operations. The controls are commensurate to the needs of the organization given it s size and complexity of operations. The
standard operating procedures ensure compliance to local regulation and st atutes as applicable to the Comp any. The Comp any strictly
ensures adherence to all internal control policies and procedures as well as compliance with all regulatory guidelines.
DEVELOPMENT IN HUMAN RESOURCES
Growth without human capit al development will be in-complete growth. Your Comp any is attempting to match the human capit al growth
improvement amid intense competition. Talent retention has become an increasingly vit al tool for matching customer expect ations and will
drive future growth of the Company. SSWL is extremely proud of its workforce for all the resilience shown throughout the period under review .
The motivation of leading from the front from the top leaders of the Comp any exemplified the ef forts towards this journey of this recovery .
SSWL is increasing sensitive towards the EHS factor of human capit al and is working extensively towards worker safety and happy mind.
Various initiatives towards improving the health quotient and health awareness amongst workers are being t aken up. The Company works
towards inclusive growth which comes with healthy mind at work. All the plant s of SSWL  are aggressively working towards improving well-
being and health score of the employees.
SSWL’s Code of Conduct, Whistle Blower
Policy, Code of Conduct for prevention of
insider trading, code of practices and
procedures for fair disclosure of
unpublished price sensitive information,
Policy on materiality of Related Party
Transaction and Grievance Redressal
across st akeholders ensures ethical
behavior and compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. The said Codes and
policies provide for a framework for
employees and other st akeholders to
ensure that business is governed only by
ethical practices. Further , any
amendment s to the laws, rules and
regulations are checked on a regular basis.
The said policies and code of conduct
alongwith any changes thereon are duly
communicated to the concerned
stakeholder group s.
To mitigate the risk, we strictly follow the
rules and procedures laid down by our
stringent health and safety management
systems. W e regularly conduct trainings
to create awareness of safe working
conditions and building confidence of the
employees. Further , the Comp any ,
conduct s routine health check-up s and
maint ains internal health centers to
monitor the well-being of our employees.
Continuous protection of confidential
information across the IT landscape to
prevent loss of confidential dat a through
inst allation of various antivirus and
malware protection sof twares, etc.
Periodic audit s are conducted to ensure
adherence to the processes. Additionally,
the comp any has obt ained ISO-27001
certification to comply best in class IT
norms.
The Comp any expect s all it s
employees to adhere to the Code of
Conduct of SSWL and practice Ethical
behaviour. The Company follows zero
tolerance for any non-compliance as
this will have an adverse impact on the
Company. Due to the dynamic nature
of laws, rules and regulations, it has
become imperative for the Comp any
to ensure their compliance. Any failure
to comply with the same may imp act
on the reput ation of the Comp any
adversely.
Managing safety and health is a top
priority at SSWL. Safe places and the
good health of employees at work
contribute to better productivity . Risk
Assessment is a continuous process
followed by measures to ef fectively
control them to ensure safety and
good health of our employees at work.
The fast p ace at which auto sector is
growing at present, it is bound to face
concerns relating to IP , dat a privacy
and risk-shif ting for warranty issues
that would need to be addressed to
settle uncert ainties amongst
stakeholders. Further , threat s to
external cyber-att acks/ hacking and
internal leakage/ modification of
information/ failure to protect
information are other concern issues.

[page 125]
122
The Company firmly believes the culture of meritocracy and working extensively towards employee trainings for enhancing their job skills.
Firm targets for On-Job training along with class room trainings are being t aken up by each unit to ensure improvement in the learning curve
of the employees. Various internal job rot ations are deployed for enhancing the work culture and promoting the meritocracy . As on March 31,
2025, the Comp any had 3027 permanent employees on the rolls of the Comp any.
DISCLAIMER
This report cont ains certain statements that the Comp any believes and may be considered as forward looking st atements. These forward
looking statements may be identified by their use of words like ‘ plan’, ‘hope’, ‘will’, ‘expect’, ‘aim’  or such similar words or phrases. All such
statements are subject to risks and uncert ainties which could cause actual result s to vary materially from those contemplated by the relevant
forward looking st atements.
For and on behalf of the Board
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Date: 01.08.2025 (Rajinder Kumar Garg)
Place: Chandigarh Chairman
DIN: 00034827

[page 126]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
123
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S
REPORT
To The Members of
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Report on the Audit of the S tandalone Financial S tatements
1. Opinion
We have audited the accomp anying standalone financial st atements of Steel Strips Wheels Limited  (“the Company”), which comprise
the Balance Sheet as at 31 st March 2025, and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash Flow
Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid S tandalone Financial
Statements give the information required by the Comp anies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India, of the st ate of af fairs of the Comp any as at March 31, 2025 and it s profit, tot al comprehensive income,
changes in equity and it s cash flows for the year ended on that date.
2. Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the st andalone financial st atements in accordance with the S tandards on Auditing specified under section
143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those S tandards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of
the Standalone Financial S tatements section of our report. W e are independent of the Comp any in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirement s that are relevant to our audit of the
standalone financial st atements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there- under , and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirement s and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obt ained by us
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the st andalone financial st atements.
3. Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the st andalone financial
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the st andalone financial st atements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a sep arate opinion on these matters. we have determined that there
are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
4. Information Other than the Financial S tatements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
• The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the Annual Report, but does not include the st andalone financial st atements and our auditor ’s report thereon.
• Our opinion on the st andalone financial st atements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
• In connection with our audit of the st andalone financial st atements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the st andalone financial st atements or our knowledge
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misst ated.
• If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misst atement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. W e have nothing to report in this regard.
5. Management’s Responsibility for the S tandalone Financial S tatements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters st ated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the prep aration of
these st andalone financial st atements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance including other
comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of the Comp any in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the

[page 127]
124
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the asset s of the Comp any and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgment s and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the prep aration and presentation of the standalone financial statement that give
a true and fair view and are free from material misst atement, whether due to fraud or error .
In preparing the standalone financial st atements, management is responsible for assessing the Comp any’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Comp any or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Comp any’s financial reporting process.
6. Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the S tandalone Financial S tatements
Our objectives are to obt ain reasonable assurance about whether the st andalone financial st atements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error , and to issue an auditor ’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misst atement
when it exist s. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users t aken on the basis of these st andalone financial st atements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maint ain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misst atement of the standalone financial st atements, whether due to fraud or error , design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obt ain audit evidence that is suf ficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misst atement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery , intentional omissions, misrepresent ations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Comp any
has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating ef fectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’ s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncert ainty exist s related to event s or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Comp any’s
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncert ainty exist s, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the st andalone financial st atements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obt ained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events
or conditions may cause the Comp any to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall present ation, structure and content of the st andalone financial st atements, including the disclosures, and
whether the st andalone financial st atements represent the underlying transactions and event s in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a st atement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirement s regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationship s and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the standalone financial st atements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. W e describe these matters in
our auditor ’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumst ances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefit s of such communication.

[page 128]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
125
7. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement s
1. As required by the Comp anies (Auditor ’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in terms of
sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Comp anies Act, 2013, we give in the “ Annexure A” to this report a st atement on the matters
specified in p aragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order , to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
a) We have sought and obt ained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Comp any so far as it appears from our
examination of those books.
c) The Balance Sheet, the S tatement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow S tatement and
Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid st andalone financial st atements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under Section
133 of the Act, read with Comp anies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the written represent ations received from the directors as on 31st March, 2025 t aken on record by the Board
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 stMarch, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Comp any and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our sep arate Report in “ Annexure B”. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on
the adequacy and operating ef fectiveness of the Comp any’s internal financial controls over financial reporting.
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirement s of section 197(16)
of the Act, as amended,
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration p aid by the
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 1 1 of the Comp anies (Audit
and Auditors) Rules, 2014,as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us:
i. The Company does not have any pending litigations which would imp act its financial position.
ii. The Comp any did not have any long-term contract s including derivative contract s for which there were any material
foreseeable losses.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amount s, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Comp any
iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of it s knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Comp any to or in any other person or entity , including foreign
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the underst anding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of it s knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Comp any from any person or entity , including foreign
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the underst anding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Comp any shall,
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;

[page 129]
126
(c) Based on the audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumst ances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the represent ations as provided under (a) and (b) above,
contain any material misst atement.
v. The final dividend declared and p aid by the Comp any during the year in respect of the previous financial year is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act 2013 to the extent it applies to p ayment of dividend.
The Board of Directors of the Comp any have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the
members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to
the extent it applies to declaration of dividend.
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks, the Comp any has used an accounting sof tware for maintaining its
books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the sof tware. Further, during the course of our audit, we did not come across
any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as
per the st atutory requirement s for record retention.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place : Chandigarh
Date : 15.05.2025
UDIN: 25505972BMKUTE6893

[page 130]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
127
ANNEXURE A TO INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS OF STEEL
STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31.03.2025
[Referred to in p aragraph 7 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement s’ in the Independent Auditors’ Report]
i) a) A) The company has maintained proper records showing full p articulars, including quantit ative details and situation of property,
plant and equipment.
    B) The company has maint ained proper records showing full p articulars of int angible asset s.
  b) All property, plant and equipment have not been physically verified by the management during the year but there is a regular
programme of verification which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Comp any and the nature of it s
assets. No material discrep ancies were noticed on such verification.
  c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Comp any, the
title deeds of immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Comp any is the lessee and the lease agreements
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the st andalone financial st atements are held in the name of the Comp any.
  d) The company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right of use asset s) or intangible assets or both during
the year.
  e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Comp any,
there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Comp any for holding any benami property under the Prohibition of
Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
ii) a) The inventories were physically verified by the management during the year at reasonable intervals. In our opinion and according
to the information and explanations given to us, the coverage and procedure of such verification by the management is appropriate
having regard to the size of the comp any and the nature of its operations. No discrep ancies of 10% or more in aggregate of each
class of inventories were noticed on such physical verification of inventories when comp ared with the books of account s.
  b) The comp any has been sanctioned working capit al limit in excess of five crore rupees in aggregate from banks/financial
institutions on the basis of the security of the current asset s of the comp any. The quarterly returns/st atements filed by the
company with such banks/ financial institutions are in agreement with the books of account s of the comp any.
iii) a) During the year , the Comp any has provided loans, advances in the nature of loans, stood guarantee or provided security to
companies and employees as follows:
Amount (INR in lacs)
Particulars Loans
During the Year Company has not provided any loans /advances in the nature of loans and Advances
to its Subsidiaries, Employees etc
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above loans/ Guarantees
- Subsidiaries 13899.33
- Employees 377.77
b) During the year, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans and advances in the nature of loans
and investment s to comp anies, firms, Limited Liability Partnership s or any other p arties are not prejudicial to the Comp any’s
interest.
c) In respect of the loans out standing as on the balance sheet date, Loans amounting to Rs. 13899.33 Lakhs have been given to
wholly owned subsidiary which is rep ayable on demand. As informed to us, the Comp any has not demanded rep ayment of the
loan and p ayment of interest during the year . Thus, there has been no default on the p art of the p arty to whom the money has
been lent.
d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Comp any,
there is no overdue amount for more than ninety days in respect of loans given.
e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Comp any,
there is no loan or advance in the nature of loan granted falling due during the year, which has been renewed or extended or fresh
loans granted to settle the over dues of existing loans given to same p arties.
f) According to the information explanation provided to us, the Company has granted loans/advances in the nature of loans repayable
on demand or without specifying any terms or period of rep ayment. The details of the same are as follows:
All Parties Promoters Related Parties
(Subsidiary)
Aggregate amount of loans/ advances innature of loans –
- Repayable on demand (A) 13899.33 - 13899.33
- Agreement does not specify any terms or period of rep ayment (B) - - -
Total (A+B) 13899.33 13899.33
Percentage of loans/ advances in nature of loans to the tot al loans 97.35% 0% 97.35%

[page 131]
128
iv) In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Comp any has complied with the provisions of
Sections 185 and 186 of the Comp anies Act, 2013 in respect of the loans and investment s made, and guarantees and security
provided by it, as applicable.
v) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Comp any has not accepted any deposit s from the
public within the meaning of Sections 73, 74, 75 and 76 of the Act and the rules framed there under .
vi) According to the information and explanation given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost records
under Section 148(1) of the act for the product s manufactured by it (and/or services provided by it). Accordingly, clause 3(vi) of the
Order is not applicable.
vii) a) The Company is regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed st atutory dues including goods and services t ax,
provident fund, employee’ s state insurance, income-t ax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added t ax,
cess and other st atutory dues applicable to it. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on audit
procedures performed by us, no undisputed amount s payable in respect of these st atutory dues were out standing, at the year
end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became p ayable
  b) According to the information and explanation given to us, the st atutory dues referred in foregoing paragraph vii)(a) which have not
been deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
Nature of Statute Nature of Dues Amount  Amt paid Period to Forum where
under which the dispute is
Protest amount relates pending
Central Excise  Tax 11,07,307 -  2016-17  CESTAT
Custom  Tax 12,07,767 -    2019  Tribunal
Goods and Service Tax  Tax, Interest, penalty 22,85,05,932 -  2017-18  High Court
Goods and Service Tax  Tax & penalty 7,71,364 10,000  2020-21  Commissioner Appeal
Central Excise  Tax 58,51,585 -  2016-17  CESTAT
Goods and Service Tax  Tax, Interest, penalty 8,25,026 43,140  2019-20  Commissioner Appeal
Goods and Service Tax  Penalty 6,80,564 6,80,564  2022-23  Commissioner Appeal
Goods and Service Tax  Tax, Interest, penalty 96,73,360 4,60,982  2018-19  Commissioner Appeal
Goods and Service Tax  Tax, Interest, penalty 5,06,698 1,77,869  2019-20  Commissioner Appeal
Goods and Service Tax  Tax, Interest, penalty 36,13,324 1,82,104  2019-20  Commissioner Appeal
viii) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no transactions which are not accounted in the books of account
which have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in Tax Assessment of the Company. Also, there are no previously
unrecorded income which has been now recorded in the books of account. Hence, the provision st ated in paragraph 3(viii) of the Order
is not applicable to the Comp any
ix) a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Comp any has not defaulted in rep ayment of
loans or borrowings or in p ayment of interest thereon to any lender .
  b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our audit procedures, we report that the comp any
has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority .
  c) In our opinion and according to the information explanation provided to us, money raised by way of term loans during the year
have been applied for the purpose for which they were raised.
  d) According to the information and explanations given to us and the procedures performed by us, and on an overall examination of
the financial st atements of the comp any, we report that no funds raised on short term basis have been used for long term
purposes by the comp any.
  e) According to the information explanation given to us and on an overall examination of the st andalone financial st atement of the
company, we report that the Company has taken funds from following entities and persons on account of or to meet the obligations
of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures as per det ails below:
Nature of Name of Amount Name of Relation Nature of such Remarks,
fund taken Lender involved subsidiaries transactions for if any
which fund utilized
Term Loan HDFC bank 10000.00 AMW Autocomponents Subsidiary Acquisition of AMW Related to
Limited Lakh Ltd Autocomponent Lt d FY 2023-24
  f) According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the Comp any has not
raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in it s subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate comp anies
x) a) The Company did not raise any money by way of initial public of fer or further public of fer (including debt instrument s) during the
year. Accordingly, the provisions st ated in paragraph 3 (x)(a) of the Order are not applicable to the Comp any.
  b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the comp any, the
Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully , partially or
optionally convertible) during the year hence the clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.

[page 132]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
129
xi) a) During the course of our audit, examination of the books and records of the Comp any, carried out in accordance with the
generally accepted auditing practices in India, and according to the information and explanations given to us, we have neither
come across any inst ance of fraud by the Comp any nor on the Comp any.
  b) We have not come across of any inst ance of fraud by the Comp any or on the Comp any during the course of audit of the
standalone financial st atement for the year ended March 31, 2025, accordingly the provisions st ated in p aragraph (xi)(b) of the
Order is not applicable to the Comp any.
  c) As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle-blower complaint s received by the Comp any during the year .
Accordingly, the provisions st ated in paragraph (xi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to comp any.
xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Comp any is not a Nidhi Comp any. Accordingly, the
provisions st ated in paragraph 3(xii) (a) to (c) of the Order are not applicable to the Comp any.
xiii) The Company has entered into transactions with related p arties in compliance with the provisions of section 177 and 188 of the Act.
The det ail of such related p arty transactions have been disclosed in the financial st atements as required under Indian accounting
standards (Ind AS) 24, Related Party Disclosures specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts)
Rule, 2014.
xiv) a) In our opinion and based on our examination, the comp any has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature
of its business.
  b) We have considered the internal audit report of the comp any issued till date for the period under audit.
xv) According to the information and explanations given to us, in our opinion during the year the Comp any has not entered into non-cash
transactions with directors or persons connected with it s directors and hence, provisions of section 192 of the Act are not applicable
to company. Accordingly, the provisions st ated in paragraph 3(xv) of the Order are not applicable to the Comp any.
xvi) a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the provisions of section 45-IA  of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934
are not applicable to the Comp any
  b) The Company is not engaged in any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities. Accordingly, the requirement to report
on clause 3 (xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Comp any.
  c) The Comp any is not a Core Investment Comp any (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India.
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
  d) According to the information and explanations provided to us during the course of audit, the Group does not have any CIC.
Accordingly, the requirement s of clause 3(xvi)(d) are not applicable.
xvii) Based on the overall review of standalone  financial statements, the Company has not incurred cash losses in the current financial year
and in the immediately preceding financial year. Hence, the provisions stated in paragraph clause 3 (xvii) of the Order are not applicable
to the Comp any.
xviii) There has been no resignation of the st atutory auditors during the year and accordingly , requirement to report on Clause 3(xviii) of the
Order is not applicable to the Comp any.
xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of
realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements, our knowledge
of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing
has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncert ainty exists as on the date of the audit report that the
Company is not capable of meeting it s liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one
year from the balance sheet date. W e, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Comp any. We further
state that our reporting is based on the fact s up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance
that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Comp any as and when
they fall due.
xx) a) There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing project s requiring a transfer
to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Comp anies Act in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 of
the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year .
b) There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as at the end of financial year on ongoing project s
requiring a transfer to a S pecial account in compliance with Section 135 (6) of the Act and the Company has transferred unspent
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) amount as at the end of the previous financial year , to a Special account within a period of
30 days from the end of the said financial year in compliance with the provision of section 135(6) of the Act.
xxi) The reporting under clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in respect of audit of st andalone financial st atements. Accordingly, no
comment in respect of the said clause has been included in the report.
For AKR& Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place : Chandigarh
Date :15.05.2025

[page 133]
130
Annexure B to Independent Auditor’s Report Referred to in p aragraph 7 our Report of even date
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
1. We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of S teel Strips Wheels Limited (“the Comp any”) as of March 31,
2025 in conjunction with our audit of the financial st atements of the Comp any for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The Comp any’s management is responsible for est ablishing and maint aining internal financial controls based on the internal control
over financial reporting criteria est ablished by the Comp any considering the essential component s of internal control st ated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
(ICAI). These responsibilities include the design, implement ation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were
operating ef fectively for ensuring the orderly and ef ficient conduct of it s business, including adherence to comp any’s policies, the
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,
and the timely prep aration of reliable financial information, as required under the act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the comp any’s internal financial control over financial reporting based on our audit. W e
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on audit of internal financial control over financial reporting (the “Guidance
Notes”) and the st andards on auditing deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the act to the extent applicable to an audit of
internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of internal financial controls and both issued by the ICAI. Those standards and the
guidance notes require that we comply with ethical requirement s and planned and performed the audit to obt ain reasonable assurance
about whether adequate internal financial control over financial reporting was est ablished and maint ained and if such controls operated
effectively in all material respect s.
4. Our audit involves performing procedures to obt ain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over
financial reporting and their operating ef fectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls system over financial reporting included
obtaining an underst anding of internal financial controls system over financial reporting, assessing the risks that material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating ef fectiveness of the internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor ’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misst atements of the financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error .
5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obt ained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
6. A company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the prep aration of financial st atements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1.)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable det ail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company (2.) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit prep aration of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipt s and expenditure of the comp any are being
made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the comp any ; and (3.) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the comp any’s asset s that could have a
material ef fect on the financial st atements.
Inherent Limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
7. Because of the Inherent limit ation of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper
management over-ride of controls, material misst atements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projection of any
evaluations of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial
controls over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
8. In our opinion, the comp any has, in all material respect s, an adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting and such
internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating ef fectively as at March 31st, 2025 based on the internal financial
controls over financial reporting criteria est ablished by the comp any considering the essential component s of internal control st ated in
the guidance note on audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place : Chandigarh
Date : 15.05.2025

[page 134]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
131
STANDAL ONE BAL ANCE SHEE T
As on 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Particulars Note no.  As at As at
31st March 2025  31st March 2024
ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, plant and equipment 3  1,62,609.22  1,45,483.64
b) Capital work-in-progress 4  27,105.38  34,584.48
c) Other Intangible asset s 5  77.58  92.16
d) Right to use Assets 5(a)  89.80  101.19
e) Financial asset s
i) Investment s 6  1,608.51  915.41
ii) Loans 7  -  -
iii) Other Financial asset s 8  1,374.56  1,220.09
f) Other non-current asset s 9  2,898.79  7,276.49
Total Non-Current Assets  1,95,763.84  1,89,673.46
Current Assets
a) Inventories 10  74,313.34  69,695.20
b) Financial asset s
i) Trade receivables 11  48,637.38  43,973.02
ii) Cash and Cash equivalent s 12  41.37  2,833.73
iii) Bank balances other than above 13  265.26  258.08
iv) Loans 14  14,277.10  13,967.61
v) Other financial asset 15  -  -
c) Current tax assets (net) 16  346.31  28.11
d) Other current asset s 17  2,897.88  2,933.57
Total Current Assets  1,40,778.64  1,33,689.32
Total Assets  3,36,542.48  3,23,362.78
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
a) Equity Share capit al 18  1,569.29  1,569.29
b) Other equity 19  1,52,809.11  1,32,998.20
Total Equity  1,54,378.40  1,34,567.49
Non-current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings 20  27,862.15  38,136.57
ii) Others financial liabilities 21  2,038.74  1,931.85
iii) Lease Liability 21(a)  -  20.20
b) Provisions 22  616.61  1,165.63
c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 23  15,266.07  14,686.20
Total Non-Current Liabilities  45,783.57  55,940.45
Current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings 24  54,881.22  66,656.60
ii) Lease Liability 24(a)  20.20  25.11
iii) Trade and other p ayables
- Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 25  3,586.68  1,302.20
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 71,620.85  58,688.61
and small enterprises
iv) other financial liabilities 26  47.36  43.65
b) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 27  -  -
c) Provisions 28  618.74  615.26
d) Other current liabilities 29  5,605.46  5,523.41
Total Current Liabilities  1,36,380.51  1,32,854.84
Total Equity and Liabilities  3,36,542.48  3,23,362.78
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements (1-54)
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 135]
132
STANDAL ONE ST ATEMENT OF PROFIT AND L OSS
For year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Notes  Year Ended Year Ended
31st March 2025  31st March 2024
I Revenue from operations 30  4,42,899.83  4,35,709.54
II Other Income 31  1,343.91  1,606.39
Total income(I+II)  4,44,243.74  4,37,315.93
III Expenses
a Cost of materials consumed 32  2,87,808.68  2,85,431.89
b Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and work -in-progress 33  (1,989.29)  (1,826.70)
c Employee benefit expense 34  37,980.03  35,802.79
d Finance cost s 35  11,723.11  10,266.60
e Depreciation and amortisation expense 36  10,100.88  8,995.30
f Other expenses 37  70,418.96  69,782.13
Total Expenses III(a to f)  4,16,042.37  4,08,452.01
IV Profit/(loss) before exceptional items and t ax (I+II-III)  28,201.37  28,863.92
V Exceptional items 38  -  -
VI Profit/(loss) before t ax after exceptional items(IV -V)  28,201.37  28,863.92
VII Tax expense: (refer note 50)
(1) Current tax  6,602.85  9,393.80
(2) Deferred tax  606.20  (2,519.37)
Prior years t ax Adjustments  (2.69)  -
VIII Profit/(loss) for the period af ter Tax (VI-VII)  20,995.01  21,989.49
IX Other Comprehensive Income  (77.70)  113.66
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
-Re-measurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans  (103.84)  151.89
-Income tax relating to above items  26.14  (38.23)
X Total Comprehensive Income for the period (VIII+IX)(Comprising Profit/(Loss) 20,917.31  22,103.15
and Other Comprehensive Income for the period)
XI Paid-up equity share capit al (Face value of Rs.1 per share)  1,569.29  1,569.29
XII Earnings per equity share in Rs. (refer note 39)
(1) Basic (in `)  13.38  14.04
(2) Diluted (in `)  13.32  14.02
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements (1-54)
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 136]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
133
STANDAL ONE CASH FL OW ST ATEMENT
for the period ended 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A. Cash Flow from Operating activities
Profit before t ax  28,201.37  28,863.92
Depreciation  10,100.88  8,995.30
Other Comprehensive Income  (77.70)  113.66
Loss/(Profit) on Sale of asset s  13.82  (115.29)
Expense on employee S tock Option Scheme  462.86  474.33
Interest (Received)  (1,250.12)  (1,448.62)
Financial charges p aid  11,723.11  20,972.85  10,266.60  18,285.98
Operating profit before working capit al changes  49,174.22 47,149.90
Adjustment for
- (Increase)/ decrease in inventory  (4,618.14)  3,699.54
- (Increase)/ decrease in trade and other receivables  (4,664.36)  (9,098.11)
- ‘Non Current/Current Financial Liabilities and financial Assets  3,596.54  (19,041.70)
- Changes in Tax Provision  (444.69)  (518.47)
- Increase/ (decrease) in trade p ayables  15,216.72  9,086.07  (9,492.00)  (34,450.74)
Cash inflow from Operations  58,260.29  12,699.16
Taxes paid(Net of Refunds)  6,500.00  6,204.03
Net cash from / (used) in operating activities  51,760.29  6,495.13
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Purchase of fixed asset s  (21,225.88) (38,286.67)
Sale of fixed asset s  1,504.50  223.31
Purchase of investment s in Subsidiaries and Associates  (693.10)  (500.00)
Profit on sale of investment s / Assets  (13.82)  115.29
Interest Received/(Paid)  1,250.12  1,448.62
Net cash from / (used) in investing activities  (19,178.18)  (36,999.45)
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares incl premium  -  83.22
Proceeds from long term borrowings  - 34,035.83
Repayment of long term borrowings (net of fluctuation)  (11,582.77)  (7,502.38)
Changes in working capit al loans/short term borrowings  (10,467.01)  14,434.37
Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities  (4.53)  (6.81)
Payment of princip al portion of lease liabilities  (25.11)  (22.83)
Dividend paid  (1,569.29)  (1,565.13)
Financial charges p aid  (11,718.58) (10,259.79)
Net cash from / (used) in financing activities  (35,367.29)  29,196.48
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalent s  (2,785.18)  (1,307.84)
Cash and cash equivalent s as at beginning of the year  3,091.81  4,399.65
Cash and cash equivalent s as at end of the year  306.63  3,091.81
Notes
1) The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7,”Statement
of Cash Flows.
Components of cash and cash equivalent s
Balances With banks As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
In Current account  81.26  83.59
In Deposit Accounts  217.89  193.53
Cheque in hand  -  2,801.25
Cash in hand  7.47  13.44
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements (1-54)
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 137]
134
Statement of Changes in Equit y
for the period ended 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
 (` `` `` In lacs)
A. Equity Share Capit al
As at 31st March, 2023  1,565.13
Changes in equity share capit al during the year  4.16
--------------------------------------------
As at 31st March, 2024  1,569.29
Changes in equity share capit al during the year  -
--------------------------------------------
As at 31st March, 2025  1,569.29
=====================
B. Other Equity
PARTICULARS Reserve and surplus
Share Securities Capital General Share Option  Retained Total
Forfeiture premium Reserve Reserve Outstanding earnings
Reserve reserve Reserve
(a) Balance at 31st March, 2023  2,237.85  13,917.45  5,358.59  73,819.76  433.05  16,140.07  1,11,906.77
(i) Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  21,989.50  21,989.50
(ii) Other comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  113.66  113.66
the year, net of income t ax
(b) Total comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  22,103.16  22,103.16
the year
(iii) Deductions during the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Dividends including t ax thereon  -  -  -  -  -  (1,565.13)  (1,565.13)
(v) Transfer to General Reserve/Other -  -  19,399.98  (618.12)  (19,380.00)  (598.14)
Reserve
(vi) Shares issued/options exercised  -  677.21  -  -  474.33  -  1,151.54
(c) Balance at 31st March, 2024  2,237.85  14,594.66  5,358.59  93,219.74  289.26  17,298.10  1,32,998.20
(vii) Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  20,995.04  20,995.04
(viii) Other comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  (77.70)  (77.70)
the year, net of income t ax
(d) Total comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  20,917.34  20,917.34
the year
(ix) Deductions during the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(x) Dividends including t ax thereon  -  -  -  -  -  (1,569.29)  (1,569.29)
(xi) Transfer to General Reserve/Other -  -  -  21,989.50  -  (21,989.50)  -
Reserve
(xii) Shares issued/options exercised  -  -  -  -  462.86  -  462.86
(e) As at 31st March, 2025  2,237.85  14,594.66  5,358.59 1,15,209.24  752.12  14,656.65  1,52,809.11
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements (1-54)
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 138]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
135
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
Steel Strips Wheels Limited (the Comp any) is a public limited Comp any incorporated on 28 th February 1985 under the Comp anies Act,
1956. Its Shares are listed on both Bombay S tock Exchange and National S tock Exchange. The Company is a leading manufacturer of
Automotive Wheel Rims and other auto component s.
These financial st atements were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the board of directors on 15 th May 2025.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the prep aration of these Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-AS)
financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years except where newly issued accounting st andard is
initially adopted.
2.01) BASIS OF PREPARATION
The standalone financial st atements of the Company have been prep ared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind
AS) notified under the Comp anies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time) and present ation
requirements of Division II of schedule III to the Comp anies Act, 2013 (Ind AS compliant schedule III) as applicable to these
standalone financial st atements.
The Company has prep ared the st andalone financial st atements on the basis that it will continue to operate as going concern.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise st ated.
The standalone financial st atements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following asset s and liabilities
(i) Certain financial asset s and liabilities that is measured at fair value.
(ii) Assets held for sale-measured at fair value less cost to sell
(iii) Defined benefit plans-plan asset s measured at fair value
(iv) Share based p ayments.
2.02) Current versus non-current classification
The Comp any present s asset s and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/non- current classification. An asset is
treated as current when it is:
- Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle - Held primarily for purpose of
trading
- Expected to be realised within twelve months af ter the reporting period, or
- cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months af ter
the reporting period.
All other asset s are classified as non-current.
A liability is current when:
- It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle
- It is held primarily for purpose of trading
- It is due to be settled within twelve months af ter the reporting period, or
- There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months af ter the reporting period.
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
The term of the liability that could, at the option of counterp arty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instrument s do not
affect it s classification.
Deferred tax assets and deferred t ax liabilities are classified as non- current asset s and liabilities.
The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents.
The Company has identified twelve months as it s operating cycle.
2.03) Revenue from contract with customers
Revenue from contract s with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at
an amount that reflect s the consideration to which the Comp any expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
A receivable is recognized when the control of the product is transferred as the consideration is unconditional and p ayment
becomes due upon p assage of time as per the terms of contract with customers. The Company collects GST on behalf of the
government and, therefore, it is not an economic benefit flowing to the Comp any. Hence, it is excluded from revenue
Revenue from sales of product s.
Revenue from sale of product s is recognized at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer ,
generally on delivery of the goods and there are no unfulfilled obligations.
The Company considers, whether there are other promises in the contract in which there are sep arate performance obligations,
to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price for the sale of equipment,
the Comp any considers the ef fects of variable consideration, the existence of significant financing component s, noncash
consideration, and consideration p ayable to the customer , if any.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 139]
136
Variable consideration
If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Comp any estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer . The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception
and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will
not occur when the associated uncert ainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Some contract s for the sale
of product provide customers with a right of return the goods within a specified period. The Company also provides retrospective
volume rebates to cert ain customers once the quantity of product purchased during the period exceeds the threshold specified
in the contract. The right s of return and volume rebates give rise to variable consideration. The Company uses the expected
value method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration
to which the Comp any will be entitled. The requirement s in Ind AS 115 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
also applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods
that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, the Comp any recognizes a refund liability . A right of return asset (and
corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognized for the right to recover product s from a customer .
Warranty obligations
The Company generally provides for warranties for general rep air of defect s that existed at the time of sale. These warranties
are assurance-type warranties under Ind AS 115, which are accounted for under Ind AS 37 (Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent Assets).
Significant Financing Component s
In respect of short-term advances from it s customers, using the practical expedient in Ind AS 115, the Company is not required
to adjust the promised amount of consideration for the ef fects of a significant financing component because it expect s, at
contract inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised good or service to the customer and when the customer
pays for that good or service will be within normal operating cycle.
Sale of service
The Company recognizes revenue from sales of services over period of time, because the customer simult aneously receives
and consumes the benefit s provided by the Comp any. Revenue from services related activities is recognized as and when
services are rendered and on the basis of contractual terms with the p arties.
Contract asset s
Contract assets is right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer and performance obligation
satisfied. If the Comp any performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer p ays consideration or
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Upon completion of the
attached condition and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognized as contract assets is reclassified to trade receivables
upon invoicing. A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional. Contract asset s
are subject to imp airment assessment. Refer to accounting policies on imp airment of financial asset s in section (Financial
instruments – initial recognition and subsequent measurement).
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration
(or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer or has raised the invoice in advance. If a customer p ays consideration
before the Company transfers goods or services to the customer , a contract liability is recognised when the p ayment is made or
the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Comp any performs under the
contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).
Trade receivables
A trade receivable is recognised if an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the p assage of time is required
before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial asset s in section (Financial instrument s).
2.04) Other Operating Revenues
Export incentives
Revenue from export benefit s arising from duty drawback scheme, rod tep scheme, remission of duties and t axes on exported
product scheme are recognised on export of goods in accordance with their respective underlying scheme at fair value of
consideration received or receivable.
2.05) LEASES
The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or cont ains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Company as a lessee
The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of
low-value asset s. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease p ayments and right-of-use asset s representing the
right to use the underlying asset s. For these short-term and low value leases, the Comp any recognises the lease p ayments as
an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 140]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
137
1) Right-of-use asset s
The Company recognizes right-of-use asset s at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset
is available for use). Right-of-use asset s are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and imp airment
losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use asset s includes the amount of
lease liabilities recognised, initial direct cost s incurred, and lease p ayments made at or before the commencement date
less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use asset s are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the
lease term and the estimated useful lives of the underlying asset s. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the
Company at the end of the lease term or the cost reflect s the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated
using the estimated useful life of the asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting
policies in section ‘Imp airment of non-financial asset s’.
ii) Lease Liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Comp any recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease p ayments include fixed p ayments (including in subst ance fixed
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease p ayments that depend on an index or a rate, and amount s
expected to be p aid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase
option reasonably cert ain to be exercised by the Comp any and p ayments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the
lease term reflect s the Comp any exercising the option to terminate. V ariable lease p ayments that do not depend on an
index or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the
event or condition that triggers the p ayment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease p ayments, the Comp any uses it s increment al borrowing rate at the lease
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement
date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease p ayments
made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a change in the lease
term, a change in the lease p ayments (e.g., changes to future p ayments resulting from a change in an index or rate used
to determine such lease p ayments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
Lease payments are allocated between princip al and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the
lease period so as to produce a const ant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
The Companies’ lease liabilities are included in other current and non-current financial liabilities.
Variable lease p ayments that depend on sales are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that
triggers those p ayments occurs.
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value asset s
The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to it s short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a
lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not cont ain a purchase option). It also applies the
lease of low-value asset s recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease p ayments on short-
term leases and leases of low-value asset s are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
2.06) ACCOUNTING FOR TAXES ON INCOME
Tax expense comprises current and deferred t ax. Current income-t ax is measured at the amount expected to be p aid to the tax
authorities in accordance with the Income-tax Act, 1961 enacted in India and tax laws prevailing in the respective tax jurisdictions
where the company operates. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively
enacted, at the reporting date.
Deferred income t axes reflect the imp act of timing dif ferences between t axable income and accounting income originating
during the current year and reversal of timing dif ferences for the earlier years. Deferred t ax is measured using the t ax rates and
the tax laws enacted or subst antively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all t axable timing differences. Deferred t ax assets are recognized for deductible timing
differences only to the extent that there is reasonable cert ainty that suf ficient future t axable income will be available against
which such deferred t ax assets can be realized. In situations where the comp any has unabsorbed depreciation or carry forward
tax losses, all deferred tax assets are recognized only if there is virtual cert ainty supported by convincing evidence that they can
be realized against future t axable profits.
At each reporting date, the Comp any re-assesses unrecognized deferred t ax assets. It recognizes unrecognized deferred t ax
asset to the extent that it has become reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient future t axable
income will be available against which such deferred t ax assets can be realized.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. The Company writes-down the carrying amount
of deferred t ax asset to the extent that it is no longer reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient
future taxable income will be available against which deferred t ax asset can be realized. Any such write-down is reversed to the
extent that it becomes reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient future t axable income will be
available.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are of fset, if a legally enforceable right exist s to set-off current tax assets against
current t ax liabilities and the deferred t ax asset s and deferred t axes relate to the same t axable entity and the same t axation
authority.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 141]
138
MAT credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence that the comp any will pay normal
income tax during the specified period. In the year in which the Minimum Alternative tax (MAT) credit becomes eligible to be
recognized as an asset in accordance with the recommendations contained in guidance Note issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India, the said asset is created by way of a credit to the profit and loss account and shown as MA T Credit
Entitlement. The Company reviews the same at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount of MA T Credit
Entitlement to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the ef fect that Comp any will pay normal Income Tax during
the specified period.
2.07) IMPAIRMENT OF NON FINANCIAL  ASSETS
A. At each Balance Sheet date, the carrying amount of asset s is tested based on internal/external factors, for imp airment so
as to determine:
(I) The provision for imp airment loss, if any; and
(ii) The reversal of imp airment loss recognized in previous periods, if any ,
B. Impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds it s recoverable amount. Recoverable
amount is determined:
(I) In the case of an individual asset, higher of the net selling price and the value in use.
(ii) In the case of a cash generating unit (a group of asset s that generates identified, independent cash flows), at the
higher of the cash generating unit’ s net selling price and the value in use.
(Value in use is determined as the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted to their present value at
the weighted average cost of Capit al, from the continuing use of an asset and from it s disposal at the end of it s
useful life).
Post impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying value of the asset over it s remaining useful life.
2.08) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalent s balances include cash in hand, fixed deposit s, margin money deposit s, earmarked balances with
banks, other bank balances such as dividend account s, which have restrictions on rep atriation, highly liquid investment s with
original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amount s of cash and which are subject to an
insignificant risk of change in value.
For the purpose of present ation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalent s includes cash on hand, deposit held
at call with financial institutions, other short - term, highly liquid investment s with original maturities of three months or less that
are readily convertible to known amount s of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank
overdrafts. Bank overdraf ts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet
2.09) INVENTORIES
a) Basis of valuation:
I) Inventories other than scrap materials are valued at lower of cost or net realisable value af ter providing cost of
obsolescence, if any . The comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an item-by-item basis.
b) Method of V aluation:
i) Cost of raw materials has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all cost s
of purchase, duties, t axes (other than those subsequently recoverable from t ax authorities) and all other cost s
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
ii) Cost of finished goods and work-in-progress includes direct labour and an appropriate share of fixed and variable
production overheads. Fixed production overheads are allocated on the basis of normal cap acity of production
facilities. Cost is determined on moving weighted average basis
iii) Cost of traded goods has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all cost s
of purchase, duties, t axes (other than those subsequently recoverable from t ax authorities) and all other cost s
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
iv) Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion
and estimated cost s necessary to make the sale. The net realisable value of work-in-progress is determined with
reference to the selling prices of related finished product s. Raw materials and other supplies held for use in the
production of finished product s are not written down below cost except in cases where material prices have declined
and it is estimated that the cost of the finished product s will exceed their net realisable value.
v) Appropriate adjustment s are made to the carrying value of damaged, slow moving and obsolete inventories based
on management’s current best estimate.
2.10) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument
of another entity .
i) Financial Assets
The Company classifies it s financial asset s in the following measurement categories:
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 142]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
139
- those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss)
- those measured at amortised cost
The classification of financial asset s at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’ s contractual cash flow
characteristics and the Comp any’s business model for managing them.
For asset s measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
income. For investment s in equity instrument s that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the group has
made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial asset s at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’ s contractual cash flow
characteristics and the Comp any’s business model for managing them. W ith the exception of trade receivables that do
not contain a significant financing component, the Comp any initially measures a financial asset at it s fair value plus, in the
case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction cost s. Trade receivables that do not cont ain a
significant financing component are measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer to the accounting
policies in section “Revenue from contract s with customers”.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give
rise to cash flows that are ‘solely p ayments of princip al and interest (SPPI)’  on the princip al amount out standing. This
assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. Financial asset s with cash flows that
are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Comp any’s business model for managing financial asset s refers to how it manages it s financial asset s in order to
generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
flows, selling the financial asset s, or both.
Financial asset s classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold
financial asset s in order to collect contractual cash flows while financial asset s classified and measured at fair value
through OCI are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and
selling.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement financial asset s are classified in following categories:
- Financial asset s at amortised cost (debt instrument s)
- Financial asset s at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVT OCI) with recycling of cumulative gains and
losses (debt instrument s)
- Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition
(equity instrument s)
- Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss
Financial asset s at amortised cost (debt instrument s)
A ‘financial asset’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met:
a) Business Model Test: The objective is to hold the financial asset to collect the contractual cash flows (rather than to sell
the instrument prior to it s contractual maturity to realise it s fair value changes) and
b) Cash flow characteristics test: The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
are solely p ayments of princip al and interest on princip al amount out standing.
This category is most relevant to the Company. After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured
at amortised cost using the ef fective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by t aking into account any
discount or premium on acquisition and fees or cost s that are an integral part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discount s
the estimated future cash receipt s over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate,
to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. When calculating the ef fective interest rate, the Comp any estimates
the expected cash flows by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument but does not consider the
expected credit losses. The EIR amortisation is included in other income in profit or loss. The losses arising from impairment
are recognised in the profit or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables.
Financial asset s at fair value through OCI (FVT OCI) (debt instrument s)
A ‘financial asset’ is classified as at the FVT OCI if both of the following criteria are met:
a) Business Model T est: The objective of financial instrument is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling the financial asset s; and
b) Cash flow characteristics test : The contractual terms of the Debt instrument give rise on specific dates to cash flows
that are solely p ayments of princip al and interest on princip al amount out standing.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 143]
140
Debt instrument included within the FVT OCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value.
Fair value movement s are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI), except for the recognition of interest
income, impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange gains or losses which are recognised in st atement of profit and
loss and computed in the same manner as for financial asset s measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value
changes are recognised in OCI. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value changes recognised in OCI is reclassified
from the equity to profit or loss.
Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss
Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the balance sheet at fair value with net changes in fair
value recognised in the st atement of profit and loss. This category includes derivative instrument s and listed equity
investments which the Comp any had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed
equity investment s are recognised in the st atement of profit and loss when the right of p ayment has been est ablished.
Financial asset s designated at fair value through OCI (equity instrument s)
Upon initial recognition, the Company can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated
at fair value through OCI when they meet the definition of equity under Ind AS 32 Financial Instrument s: Presentation and
are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Equity instrument s which
are held for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which Ind AS103
applies are classified as at FVTPL.
Gains and losses on these financial asset s are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other income
in the st atement of profit and loss when the right of p ayment has been est ablished, except when the Comp any benefit s
from such proceeds as a recovery of p art of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI.
Equity instrument s designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to imp airment assessment.
Derecognition
A financial asset (or , where applicable, a p art of a financial asset or p art of a Comp any of similar financial asset s) is
primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Comp any’s statement of financial position) when:
- The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
- the Comp any has transferred it s right s to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to p ay the
received cash flows in full without material delay to a third p arty under a “p ass through” arrangement and either;
(a) the Company has transferred subst antially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
(b) the Company has neither transferred nor ret ained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
control of the asset.
When the Comp any has transferred it s right s to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a p ass-through
arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has ret ained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither
transferred nor ret ained subst antially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the
Company continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Comp any’s continuing involvement. In that
case, the Company also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured
on a basis that reflect s the right s and obligations that the Comp any has ret ained.
Continuing involvement that t akes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Comp any could be required to
repay.
Impairment of financial asset s
In accordance with IND AS 109, the Company applies expected credit losses(ECL) model for measurement and recognition
of impairment loss on the following financial asset and credit risk exposure - Financial asset s measured at amortised cost;
- Financial asset s measured at fair value through other comprehensive income(FVT OCI);
- Trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset that result from transactions that are
within the scope of Ind AS 115
- Loan commitment s which are not measured as at FVTPL
- Financial guarantee contract s which are not measured as at FVTPL
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
flows that the Comp any expect s to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original ef fective interest rate. The
expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancement s that are integral
to the contractual terms.
ECLs are recognised in two st ages. For recognition of imp airment loss on financial asset s other than mentioned below
and risk exposure, the Comp any determines that whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since
initial recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly , 12-month ECL  is used to provide for imp airment loss. For
those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the
default (a lifetime ECL).
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 144]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
141
If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves such that there is no longer a significant increase in
credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity revert s to recognising imp airment loss allowance based on 12-month
ECL
The Company follows “simplified approach” for recognition of imp airment loss allowance on:
- Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables;
- All lease receivables resulting from the transactions within the scope of Ind AS 116 -Leases
Under the simplified approach, the Comp any does not track changes in credit risk. Rather , it recognized imp airment loss
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from it s initial recognition. The Company uses a provision
matrix to determine imp airment loss allowance on the port folio of trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on it s
historically observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivable and is adjusted for forward looking estimates.
At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward looking estimates
are analyzed.
ECL imp airment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/ expense in the
statement of profit and loss. The balance sheet present ation for various financial instrument s is described below:
(a) Financial asset s measured as at amortised cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables : ECL is
presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral p art of the measurement of those asset s in the balance sheet. The
allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset meets write-off criteria, the Company does not reduce impairment
allowance from the gross carrying amount.
(b) Loan commitments and financial guarantee contract s: ECL is presented as a provision in the balance sheet, i.e. as a
liability.
(c) Debt instruments measured at FVT OCI: For debt instrument s measured at FVT OCI, the expected credit losses do not
reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet, which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance
that would arise if the asset was measured at amortised cost is recognises in other comprehensive income as the
accumulated imp airment amount.
ii) Financial Liabilities:
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
borrowings, and payables, net of directly attribut able transaction costs. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair
value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and p ayables, net of directly attribut able transaction cost s. The Company
financial liabilities include loans and borrowings, trade payables, trade deposits, retention money, liabilities towards services,
sales incentive and other p ayables.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial liabilities are classified in two categories:
(I) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
(ii) Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for
trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative
financial instrument s entered into by the Comp any that are not designated as hedging instrument s in hedge relationship
as defined by Ind AS 109. The sep arated embedded derivate are also classified as held for trading unless they are
designated as ef fective hedging instrument s.
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the st atement of profit and loss.
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated as such at the
initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in IND AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value
gains/ losses attribut able to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/ loss are not subsequently
transferred to profit and loss. However , the Comp any may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity . All other
changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the st atement of profit or loss. the Comp any has not designated
any financial liability as at fair value through profit and loss.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost (Loans and borrowings)
After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the Ef fective
interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
through the Effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by t aking into account any discount
or premium on acquisition and fees or cost s that are an integral p art of the Ef fective interest rate. The Effective interest
rate amortisation is included as finance cost s in the st atement of profit and loss.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 145]
142
Trade Payables
These amount s represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Comp any prior to the end of financial year
which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually payable basis varying trade term. Trade and other payables
are presented as current liabilities unless p ayment is not due within 12 months af ter the reporting period. They are
recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using Ef fective interest rate method.
Financial Guarantee Contract s:
Financial guarantee contract s issued by the Company are those contracts that requires payment to be made to reimburse
the holders for a loss it incurs because the specified debtors fail to make a p ayment when due in accordance with the term
of debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contract s are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost that are
directly attributed to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently , the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of
loss allowance determined as per impairment requirement of IND AS 109 and the amount recognised less, when appropriate,
the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with principles of IND AS 115.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an
existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on subst antially different terms, or the terms of an
existing liability are subst antially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original
liability and the recognition of a new liability . The dif ference in the respective carrying amount s is recognised in the
statement of profit and loss.
Offsetting of financial instrument s
Financials asset s and financial liabilities are of fset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a
currently enforceable legal right to of fset the recognised amount s and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to
realise the asset s and settle the liabilities simult aneously.
Reclassification of financial asset s/ financial liabilities
The Company determines classification of financial asset s and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial recognition, no
reclassification is made for financial asset s which are equity instrument s and financial liabilities. For financial asset s
which are debt instrument s, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those
assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Company’s senior management determines
change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Company’s operations.
Such changes are evident to external p arties. A change in the business model occurs when the Comp any either begins or
ceases to perform an activity that is significant to it s operations. If the Company reclassifies financial asset s, it applies the
reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period
following the change in business model. The Company does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including
impairment gains or losses) or interest.
2.11) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (PPE)
Fixed asset s are st ated at original cost net of t ax/duty credit availed, if any , less accumulated depreciation and cumulative
impairment and those which have been revaluated are stated at the values determined by the values less accumulated depreciation
and cumulative imp airment. Cost of acquisition is inclusive of freight and other incident al expenses and interest on loan t aken
for the acquisition of qualifying asset s up to the date of commissioning of asset s.
Subsequent expenditure related to PPE is capit alized only when it is probable that future economic benefit s associated with
these will flow to the comp any and cost of the item can be measured reliably . All other expenses on existing fixed asset s,
including day to day rep air and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing p arts, are charged to the st atement of profit and
loss for the period during which such expenses are incurred.
Gain or losses arising from de-recognition of fixed asset s are measured as the dif ference between the net disposable proceeds
and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the st atement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognized.
The exchange dif ferences arising on reporting of long term foreign currency monet ary items at rates dif ferent from those at
which they were initially recorded during the period, or reported in previous financial st atements, in so far as they relate to the
acquisition of a depreciable capit al asset, have been added to or deducted from the cost of the asset and shall be depreciated
over the balance useful life of the asset.
Die Tooling, developed in-house, includes cost of material and other direct/ incident al expense on in-house development.
Tangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of the balance Sheet are disclosed as “capit al work in progress”.
DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION ON TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS
Depreciation is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over useful life. The depreciable amount of an
asset is the cost of an asset or other amount substituted for cost, less it s residual value.
A. OWNED ASSETS
(i) Pursuant to applicability of Schedule II, of Companies Act 2013, with effect from 1st April 2014, Management has reassessed
the useful life of tangible assets based on the internal and external technical evaluation. The Depreciation on fixed asset s
is provided on straight line method in accordance with applicable Schedule of the Comp anies Act, 2013.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 146]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
143
(ii) Depreciation for addition to/ deductions from, owned asset s is calculated on pro-rat a basis from the date of such addition
or, as the case may be, up to the date on which such asset has been sold, discarded, demolished or destroyed.
(iii) Residual values of asset s have been considered at 5% of the original cost of the asset s.
(iv) Difference of Exchange Rate fluctuation on imported plant and machineries procured out of long term foreign currency
loans is amortized over the residual life of relevant plant and machineries.
(v) The depreciation calculation is based on the balance useful lives of asset s and shift working. Depreciation on asset s used
on double shif t basis have been increased by 50% for that period and Depreciation on asset s used in triple shif t basis
have been increased by 100% for that period, except for asset s in respect of which no extra shift depreciation is permitted
(indicated by NESD in Part C of the schedule).
(vi) The estimated useful lives for the categories of property , plant and equipment are:
Particulars Estimated useful life (years)
Buildings 30-60 Years
Plant and machinery 15-28 Years
Furniture and fixtures 3-10 Years
Office Equipment 3-10 Years
Vehicles 5-8 Years
B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND AMORTIZATION
Intangible assets are stated at original cost net of t ax/duty credit availed, if any , less accumulated amortization and cumulative
impairment. Intangible assets are recognized when it is probable that the future economic benefit s are attribut able to the asset
will flow to the enterprise and the cost of asset can be measured reliably . Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated
useful life. The estimated useful life of an identifiable int angible asset is based on number of factors including the ef fects of
obsolescence etc.
Intangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of balance sheet are disclosed as “int angible asset s under
development”
2.12) Investment properties
Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction cost s. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment
properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated imp airment loss, if any. The cost includes the cost
of replacing p arts and borrowing cost s for long-term construction project s if the recognition criteria are met. When significant
parts of the investment property are required to be replaced at intervals, the Comp any depreciates them sep arately based on
their specific useful lives. All other rep air and maintenance cost s are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The Comp any
depreciates building on a straight line basis over a period of 30 years from the date of original purchase.
Though the Comp any measures investment property using cost based measurement, the fair value of investment property is
disclosed in notes. Fair values are determined based on an annual evaluation performed by an accredited external independent
valuer applying a valuation model recommended by the international valuation st andards committee.
Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from
use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition.
Transfers are made to (or from) investment properties only when there is a change in use. Transfer between investment property
and owner occupied property do not change the carrying amount of the property transferred and they do not change the cost of
that property for measurement or disclosure purpose.
2.13) BORROWINGS
Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction cost s incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
amortized cost. Any dif ference between the proceeds (net of transaction cost s) and the redemption amount is recognized in
profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the ef fective interest method. Fees p aid on the est ablishment of loan
facilities are recognized as transaction cost s of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that
some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capit alized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized over the
period of the facility to which it relates. Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the
contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
extinguished or transferred to another p arty and the consideration p aid, including any non-cash asset s transferred or liabilities
assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as other income or finance cost s.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Comp any has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability
for at least 12 months af ter the reporting period.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 147]
144
2.14) BORROWING COST
Borrowing cost includes interest and other cost s incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and charged to S tatement of
Profit & Loss on the basis of ef fective interest rate (EIR) method. Borrowing cost also includes exchange dif ferences to the
extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily t akes a substantial
period of time to get ready for it s intended use or sale are capit alized as p art of the cost of the respective asset. All other
borrowing costs are recognized as expense in the period in which they occur .
2.15) PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
PROVISIONS
Provisions are recognized when the comp any has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a p ast event, it is
probable that the comp any will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, t aking into account the risks and uncert ainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is
measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, it s carrying amount is the present value of those cash
flows (when the ef fect of the time value of money is material).
When some or all of the economic benefit s required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third p arty, a
receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually cert ain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable
can be measured reliably .
CONTINGENT LIABILITES
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from p ast events whose existence will be confirmed
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncert ain future event s not wholly within the control of the Comp any or a
present obligation that arises from p art events where it is not probable that an out flow of resources will be required to settle the
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because
it cannot be measured reliably .
2.16) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Short-term obligations
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monet ary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months af ter
the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up to
the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amount s expected to be p aid when the liabilities are settled. The
liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.
Provident Fund & Employee S tate Insurance
Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined contribution scheme. the Comp any has no obligation, other than the
contribution payable to the provident fund. The Company recognises contribution p ayable through provident fund scheme as an
expense, when an employee renders the related services. If the contribution p ayable to scheme for service received before the
balance sheet date exceeds the contribution already p aid, the deficit p ayable to the scheme is recognised as liability af ter
deducting the contribution already p aid. If the contribution already p aid exceeds the contribution due for services received
before the balance sheet date, then excesses recognised as an asset to the extent that the prep ayment will lead to, for example,
a reduction in future p ayment or a cash refund.
Gratuity
The Employee’s Gratuity Fund Scheme, which is defined benefit plan, is managed by Trust with its investments maintained with
Life Insurance Corporation of India. The liabilities with respect to Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on projected
unit credit method on the balance sheet date, based upon which the Company contributes to the Gratuity Scheme. The difference,
if any, between the actuarial valuation of the gratuity of employees at the year end and the balance of funds is provided for as
assets/ (liability) in the books. Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
The Company recognizes the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under Employee benefit expense in statement
of profit or loss:
a) Service cost s comprising current service cost s, p ast-service cost s, gains and losses on curt ailments and non-routine
settlement s.
b) Net interest expense or income.
Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the ef fect of the asset ceiling, excluding amount included in net
interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan asset s (excluding amount s included in net interest on the net
defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in the Balance Sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to ret ained
earnings through other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur . Re measurements are not reclassified to profit
or loss in subsequent periods
Compensated Absences
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the end of the year
end are treated as short term employee benefits. The obligation towards the same is measured at the expected cost of accumulating
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 148]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
145
compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be p aid as a result of the unused entitlement as at the year end.
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from the end of the
year end are treated as other long term employee benefits. The Company’s liability is actuarially determined (using the Projected
Unit Credit method) at the end of each year. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the
estimated future cash out flows using interest rates of government bonds. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Past-service
costs are recognized immediately in profit or loss.
Other Long term incentive plan – Employee stock option plan
The Comp any provides long term incentive plan to employees via equity settled share based p ayments. The cost of equity-
settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model.
That cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in employee stock option reserves in other equity , over the
period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefit s expense.
The amount recognised as expense is based on the estimate of the number of awards for which the related service and non-
market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the
number of awards that do meet the related service and non-market vesting conditions at the vesting date. For share-based
payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the share-based p ayment is measured to reflect
2.17) Foreign currency translation
I) Functional and Present ation currency
The functional currency of the Comp any is Indian Rupee. These financial st atements are presented in Indian Rupee
(rounded off to lakhs).
ii) Transaction and balances
The foreign currency transactions are recorded, on initial recognition in the functional currency , by applying to the foreign
currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the
transaction.
The foreign currency monet ary items are translated using the closing rate at the end of each reporting period. Non-
monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency shall be translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange dif ferences arising on the settlement of monet ary items or on translating
monetary items at rates dif ferent from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in
previous financial st atements shall be recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
(iii) Exchange differences
Foreign exchange dif ferences recorded as an adjustment to borrowing cost s are presented in the st atement of profit and
loss, within finance cost. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the st atement of profit and loss on
net basis.
2.18) SEGMENT REPORTING
The Comp any deals in only one business segment of manufacturing and sale of auto ancillary equipment’ s and the chief
operating decision maker (CODM) reviews the operations of the Comp any as a whole, hence there is no reportable segments as
per Ind AS 108 “Operating Segments”. The management considers that the various goods and services provided by the Company
constitutes single business segment, since the risk and rewards from these services are not dif ferent from one another .
2.19) EARNING PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the year attribut able to equity shareholders (af ter
deducting attribut able taxes and dividend on cumulative preference shares for the year) by the weighted average number of
equity shares outstanding during the year. Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent that
they were entitled to p articipate in dividends relative to a fully p aid equity share during the reporting period. The weighted
average number of equity shares out standing during the period is adjusted for event of bonus issue/right issue etc.; bonus
element in a right s issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation of shares).
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attribut able to equity shareholders
and the weighted average number of shares out standing during the period are adjusted for the ef fects of all dilutive potential
equity shares.
2.20) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMA TES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of the standalone financial statements requires the management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions
that af fect the reported amount s of revenues, expenses, asset s and liabilities, and the accomp anying disclosures, and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncert ainty about these judgement s, assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes
that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability af fected in future periods.
a) Company as a leases
The Company determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by
an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably cert ain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate
the lease, if it is reasonably cert ain not to be exercised.
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 149]
146
The Company has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Company applies judgement
in evaluating whether it is reasonably cert ain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That
is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination.
After the commencement date, the Comp any reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in
circumstances that is within it s control and af fects it s ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to
terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvement s or significant customization to the leased asset).
b) Taxes
Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpret ation of tax regulations, changes in t ax laws, and the amount and timing of
future taxable income. Given the wide range of business relationship s differences arising between the actual result s and
the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessit ate future adjustment s to tax income and
expense already recorded. The Company establishes provisions, based on reasonable estimates. The amount of such
provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous t ax audit s and dif fering interpret ations of t ax
regulations by the t axable entity and the responsible t ax authority
c) Defined benefit s Plan
The cost of the defined benefit plan and other post-employment benefit s and the present value of such obligation are
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may dif fer from
actual development s in future. These includes the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mort ality
rates and attrition rate. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and it s long-term nature, a defined benefit
obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
d) Fair value measurement of financial instrument
When the fair values of financial asset s and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based
on quoted prices in active market s, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash
Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are t aken from observable market s where possible, but where this is not
feasible, a degree of judgment is required in est ablishing fair values. Judgment s include considerations of input s such as
liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility . Changes in assumptions about these factors could af fect the reported fair value of
financial instrument s.
e) Impairment of financial asset s
The impairment provisions of financial asset s are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. the
Company uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the input s to the imp airment calculation, based on
Company’s p ast history existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting
period.
f) Impairment of non-financial asset s
The Comp any assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be imp aired. If any
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the asset’s recoverable
amount.
An asset s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’ s CGU’S fair value less cost of disposal and it s value in use.
Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds it s recoverable amount, the asset is considered imp aired and is
written down to it s recoverable amount.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are estimated based on p ast trend and discounted to their
present value using a pre-t ax discount rate that reflect s current market assessment s of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less cost s of disposal, recent market transactions are t aken into
account. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used. These calculations are
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other fair value indicators.
The Company assesses where climate risks could have a significant impact, such as the introduction of emission-reduction
legislation that may increase manufacturing cost s. These risks in relation to climate-related matters are included as key
assumptions where they materially imp act the measure of recoverable amount, these assumptions have been included in
the cash-flow forecast s in assessing value-in-use amount s.
g) Provision for warranty
Provisions for warranties is measured at discounted present value using pre-t ax discount rate that reflect s the current
market assessment s of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability . Warranty provisions is determined
based on the historical percent age of warranty expense to sales for the same types of goods for which the warranty is
currently being determined. The same percent age to the sales is applied for the current accounting period to derive the
warranty expense to be accrued. It is very unlikely that actual warranty claims will exactly match the historical warranty
percentage, so such estimates are reviewed annually for any material changes in assumptions and likelihood of occurrence
h) Provision for expected credit losses (ECL) of trade receivables
The Company uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days past
due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, customer
type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance). The provision matrix is initially
based on the Comp any’s historical observed default rates. The Company will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 150]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
147
credit loss experience with forward-looking information. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
updated and changes in the forwardlooking estimates are analyzed.
The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumst ances and of forecast economic conditions.
The Company’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be represent ative of
customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Comp any’s trade receivables and contract
assets is disclosed in Notes.
i) Property, Plant and Equipment, investment properties and int angible assets
Property, Plant and Equipment, investment property , and intangible assets represent significant portion of the asset base
of the Company. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after determining an estimate of assets expected
useful life and expected value at the end of it s useful life. The useful life and residual value of Comp any’s asset s are
determined by Management at the time asset is acquired and reviewed periodically including at the end of each year . The
useful life is based on historical experience with similar asset s in anticipation of future event s, which may have imp act on
their life such as change in technology .
j) Leases - Estimating the increment al borrowing rate
The Company cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses it s incremental borrowing
rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Comp any would have to p ay to borrow over
a similar term, and with a similar security , the funds necessary to obt ain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use
asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Company ‘would have to pay’, which requires
estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions)
or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Company estimates the IBR using
observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make cert ain entity-specific estimates.
k) Revenue from contract s with customers
The Company applies the judgement s in respect to transactions relating to tooling development, Princip al versus agent
consideration that significant financing component in a contract that significantly af fect the determination of the amount
and timing of revenue from contract s with customers For more det ails, refer accounting policy on revenue from contract
with customers.
AUDITORS’ REPORT
Certified in terms of our sep arate report of even date annexed.
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Notes on Standalone Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 151]
148
Note-3 Property, Plant and Equipment
Particulars Freehold Leasehold Building Office Furniture Plant and Vehicle Total
land Land equipment s and fixtures machinery
Gross Carrying V alue
Balance as at 31st March,2023  12,459.42  1,207.17  37,151.02  1,344.41  5,229.22  1,56,693.59  1,959.55 2,16,044.38
Additions  -  -  5,901.52  262.31  206.99  13,462.93  128.21  19,961.96
Disposals  -  -  (2.85)  -  -  (372.98)  (16.64)  (392.46)
Balance as at 31st March,2024  12,459.42  1,207.17  43,049.70  1,606.72  5,436.21  1,69,783.55  2,071.12  2,35,613.88
Additions  -  -  819.02  105.48  195.11  27,282.45  291.65  28,693.70
Disposals  (842.75)  -  -  (1.01)  (7.34)  (1,858.08)  (70.14)  (2,779.33)
Balance as at 31st March,2025  11,616.67  1,207.17  43,868.71  1,711.19  5,623.97  1,95,207.92  2,292.62 2,61,528.25
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March,2023  -  200.16  8,830.40  1,054.57  4,437.90  65,235.35  1,561.20  81,319.58
Additions  -  12.06  1,147.79  139.12  220.84  7,329.47  130.54  8,979.82
Disposals  -  -  (0.82)  (0.87)  -  (154.08)  (13.38)  (169.15)
Balance as at 31st March,2024  -  212.22  9,977.37  1,192.82  4,658.74  72,410.74  1,678.36  90,130.25
Additions  -  12.06  1,316.96  136.65  197.97  8,294.85  105.02  10,063.51
Disposals  -  -  -  (0.29)  (6.98)  (1,199.91)  (67.56)  (1,274.73)
Balance as at 31st March,2025  -  224.28  11,294.33  1,329.18  4,849.74  79,505.68  1,715.82  98,919.03
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March,2023  12,459.42  1,007.01  28,320.62  289.84  791.32  91,458.24  398.35 1,34,724.80
Balance as at 31st March,2024  12,459.42  994.95  33,072.33  413.90  777.47  97,372.81  392.76 1,45,483.64
Balance as at 31st March,2025  11,616.67  982.89  32,574.38  382.01  774.23  1,15,702.24  576.80 1,62,609.22
Notes:
1) The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Comp any is the lessee and the lease agreement s are
duly executed in favour of the lessee), as disclosed in Note 3 on Property , plant and equipment and Note 5 on Other Int angible Assets
to the financial st atements, are held in the name of the Comp any
2) Land for Oragadam plant in Chennai is obt ained on 99 years of lease basis from S tate Industrial Promotion corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited(SIPCOT), a Government of Tamilnadu enterprises. The total cost of Lease hold land is amortised over a period of 99 years.
Accordingly a sum of Rs. 12.06 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 12.06 Lacs) is amortised during the period.
3) There is no change in the carrying value of Assets on the account of Revaluation of Assets.
4) Capital expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Plant & Machinery R & D  1,672.59  572.13  804.87  -  575.31  134.22
Data Processing Equipment s-R&D  -  -  40.90  15.59  62.12  -
Die Tooling (R&D)  918.16  -  218.48  -  583.41  -
Total  2,590.74  572.13  1,064.24 15.59 1220.84 134.22
Less: Transfer/adjustment s  -  -  -  -  -
Total R&D Capit al Expenditure  2,590.74  572.13  1,064.24  15.59  1,220.84  134.22
5) Revenue expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Salaries, Wages And Other Allowances  1,307.01  439.57  1,243.63  357.60  833.78  260.55
Power & Fuel  19.91  1.45  111.87  4.77  18.43  1.32
Travelling And Conveyance  83.72  16.86  19.51  1.50  30.76  4.64
Total R&D Revenue Expenditure  1,410.64  457.88  1,375.01  363.87  882.97  266.51
Leases  As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
a) Not later than one year  12.06  12.06
b) Later than one year but not later than five years  48.24  48.24
c) Later than five years  922.59  934.65
d) The company has used deemed cost exemption under Ind AS 101
as on the date of transition to Ind AS.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 152]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
149
Note-4 Capit al Work-in-Progress
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 31st March,2023  16,336.48
Balance as at 31st March,2024  34,584.48
Balance as at 31st March,2025  27,105.38
Notes:
I) Ageing of Capit al work in Progress is as below:
Balance as at 31st March,2025
Particulars Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 year 3 Years
Capital work in Progress  21,214.60  5,890.78  -  -  27,105.38
Balance as at 31st March,2024
Particulars Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 year 3 Years
Capital work in Progress  33,005.84  1,578.64  -  -  34,584.48
II) There are no project s lying in Capit al work in progress which have been exceeded from it s timeline of completion.
III) There are no project s which have been suspended during the year .
Note-5 Other Int angible Assets
Particulars Amount
Gross Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  444.92
Additions  76.71
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  521.63
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  521.63
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  425.37
Additions  4.10
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  429.47
Additions  14.58
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  444.05
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  19.55
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  92.16
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  77.58
Notes
I) There is no intangible assets under development whose completion is overdue or has exceeded it s cost compared to its original plan at
the end of current year and previous year
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 153]
150
Note-5(a) Right to Use Asset And Lease Liabilites
Particulars Amount
Gross Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  129.82
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  129.82
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  129.82
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  17.24
Additions  11.39
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  28.63
Additions  11.39
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  40.02
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  112.58
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  101.19
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  89.80
The movement in lease liabilities is as follows
Particulars As at As at
31 March 2025 31 March 2024
Balance at the beginning  45.31  68.14
Addition during the year
Deletion during the year
Finance cost accrued during the year  4.53  6.81
Payment of lease liabilities  (29.64)  (29.64)
Balance at the end  20.20  45.31
Current maturities of lease liabilities  20.20  25.11
Non-current lease liabilities  -  20.20
Amount recognised in the st atement of Profit and loss during the year:
Particulars As at As at
31 March 2025 31 March 2024
Depreciation charge of right of use asset s  11.39  11.39
Finance cost incurred during the year  4.53  6.81
Total 15.92  18.20
Notes:
I) The weighted average increment al borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 9.00% - 10.00%
II) The Comp any does not face significant liquidity risk with regard to it s lease liabilities as the current asset s are suf ficient to meet the
obligation related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 154]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
151
Note 6. Non-current investment s
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A. Investment in subsidiaries and Associates
Unquoted equity investment s valued at cost (unless otherwise st ated)
Investment in Associates
57,151 (Previous year 24,959) Equity Shares of Face V alue of Rs.10 Each of Clean 1,089.11  396.01
Max Astria Pvt Limited*
Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary
50,00,000 Equity Shares of Face V alue of Rs 10 each  500.00  500.00
of AACL(AMW Autocomponent Limited)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub total (A)  1,589.11  896.01
===========================================================================
B. Others
Unquoted equity investment s valued at cost (unless otherwise st ated)
Investment in Equity Shares
112,500 (Previous year 1,12,500) Equity Shares of  11.25  11.25
Rs. 10/- each of Nimbua Greenfield (Punjab) Limited.
81,534 (Previous year 81,534) equity shares of  8.15  8.15
Rs. 10/- Each of Echanda Urja Pvt. Limited.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub total (B)  19.40  19.40
===========================================================================
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Grand Total  1,608.51  915.41
===========================================================================
Aggregate amount of quoted investment s  -  -
Aggregate amount of Un-quoted investment s  1,608.51  915.41
Notes:
* During the financial year 2024-25, the Company has entered into the Supplementary Shareholders Agreement on 10.09.2024 with Clean
Max Astria private Limited (CMAPL), Associate Comp any for further investing an amount of Rs. 693.10 Lacs in CMAPL  by way of
subscription of equity shares through right issue. W ith this additional investment, tot al amount invested in the CMAPL  amounted to
Rs.1089.11 Lacs ( holding 57151 shares which represent s 26% of the tot al share capit al of CMAPL). As the Comp any has significant
influence, the investment has been accounted as investment in associate as per Ind AS 28 - Investment s in associates and joint
ventures.
Note 7. Loans
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Advance recoverable in cash or kind  35.00  35.00
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Advances( Other loan & advances)  35.00  35.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
1) The Company has entered into an agreement for purchase of land admeasuring 304 kanals approx at village Bir Farozari, Distt. Panchkula,
at cost of Rs. 133.00 Lacs for setting up an auto component unit. The Land has not yet been registered in the name of Comp any .
Pending the same , the advance of Rs. 35.00 Lacs p aid by the Comp any has been shown as advances recoverable and being under
legal suit, a provision for the same has been made.
2) There are no out standing loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director , and Related Party
(other than mentioned in Note-14) of the Comp any.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 155]
152
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 8. Other financial asset s (non-current)
Security deposit s  1,276.54  1,204.23
Income tax Refundable of earlier years  98.02  15.86
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,374.56  1,220.09
===========================================================================
Note:- 9. Other non-current asset s
Capital advances  2,772.54  7,148.65
Prepaid expenses  126.25  127.84
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,898.79  7,276.49
===========================================================================
Note:-10 Inventories
(Valued at cost, unless otherwise st ated)
a) Raw material
- Raw Material & Component s in hand  17,936.79  19,854.50
- Raw Material & Component s (in transit)  11,556.81  8,681.66
b) Work in Progress  8,410.52  8,310.95
c) Finished Goods  8,681.18  8,515.76
d) Stores & Spares  25,534.17  23,862.76
e) Scrap  2,193.87  469.57
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 74,313.34  69,695.20
===========================================================================
Note:- 11 Trade receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Unsecured, considered good  48,637.38  43,973.02
Unsecured, considered doubt ful  20.26  20.26
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 48,657.64  43,993.28
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Debtors  20.26  20.26
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 48,637.38  43,973.02
===========================================================================
Ageing Schedule of T rade Receivables is as below:
As at 31st March 2025
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 6 months 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than Total
6 months -1 year 3 Years
a) Undisputed Considered good  35,006.46  13,105.02  372.40  146.48  3.43  3.59  48,637.38
b) Undisputed Considered Doubt ful - - - - -  20.26  20.26
c) Disputed Considered good - - - - - -  -
d) Disputed Considered Doubt ful - - - - - -  -
Total  35,006.46  13,105.02  372.40  146.48  3.43  23.85  48,657.64
As at 31st March 2024
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 6 months 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than Total
6 months -1 year 3 Years
a) Undisputed Considered good  33,850.48  9,874.39  171.39  67.74  9.02  -  43,973.02
b) Undisputed Considered Doubt ful - - - -  -  20.26  20.26
c) Disputed Considered good - - - - - -  -
d) Disputed Considered Doubt ful - - - - - -  -
Total  33,850.48  9,874.39  171.39  67.74  9.02  20.26  43,993.28
Notes:
I) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are usually on trade terms based on credit worthiness of customers as per the terms of
contract with customers.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 156]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
153
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 12 Cash and bank balances
Balances with banks
-Current account  33.90  19.04
Cheques in hand  -  2,801.25
Cash in hand 7.47  13.44
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 41.37  2,833.73
===========================================================================
Notes:
I) There are no restrictions with regard to cash and bank balances as at the end of the reporting period and prior period.
Note:- 13. Other Bank Balances
Current Account-Funds for CSR activities  0.00  20.90
Unpaid dividend account s  47.36  43.65
Fixed deposit s maturing within 12 months*  217.89  193.53
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 265.26  258.08
===========================================================================
Notes:
*Fixed deposit s with banks are held under lien against issuance of bank guarantees amounting to Rs.8.03 crores.
Note:- 14. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Advances Recoverable in Cash or in Kind (Short Term)*  14,277.10  13,967.61
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 14,277.10  13,967.61
===========================================================================
1) *The above amount includes interest recoverable of Rs.584.33 Lacs (net of TDS) on Inter corporate Loan amounting to Rs.133.15
crores given to wholly owned subsidiary “AACL”.
Note:- 15. Other financial asset s
Interest Accrued But Not Received  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
Note:-16. Current/Non-current t ax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance Tax/ Tax Deducted at Source  346.31  28.11
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 346.31  28.11
===========================================================================
Note:-17. Other current asset s
Balance with S tatutory Authorities  324.67  375.04
GST/VAT Recoverable  2,378.13  2,378.13
Prepaid Expenses  195.08  180.40
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,897.88  2,933.57
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Advances  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,897.88  2,933.57
===========================================================================
Note:- 18 Equity Share Capit al
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
Authorised No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Re.1/-each  19,00,00,000  1,900.00  19,00,00,000  1,900.00
Preference shares of Rs. 145/- each Optionally Convertible 12,00,000  1,740.00  12,00,000  1,740.00
cumulative or Non Cumulative
Issued, Subscribed and Fully p aid up No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Rs.1/- each  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,69,29,325  1,569.29
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 157]
154
a) Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount out standing at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,65,13,200  1,565.13
Add: Issued during the year (Equity shares of Rs. 1/- each -  -  4,16,125  4.16
on 12.12.2023)
Equity shares at the end of the year  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,69,29,325  1,569.29
b) Rights,Preferences and restrictions att ached to shares
The Company has issued only one class of shares i.e. equity shares of face value (FV) Re. 1/- per share. Each equity shareholder is
entitled to one vote per share. All equity shares rank p ari passu and carry equal right s with respect to voting and dividend. The dividend
proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in the
case of interim dividend.
In the event of liquidation of the Comp any, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining asset s of the Company, after
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.Further,
the Company has not issued any preference shares until now .
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Comp any
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No of shares % holding No of shares % holding
MR. DHEERAJ GARG  4,64,02,280  29.57  4,64,02,280  29.57
SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED  1,32,41,870  8.44  1,32,41,870  8.44
SAB UDYOG LIMITED  1,14,25,820  7.28  1,14,25,820  7.28
TATA STEEL LIMITED  1,08,69,720  6.93  1,08,69,720  6.93
SUMITOMO METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED  85,00,000  5.42  85,00,000  5.42
d) Share Reserved for Issue under Options out standing as at the end of the year (refer note no. 47)
e) Details of Promoter ’s shareholding in the Comp any
S. Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. No. of shares % of total No. of shares % of total % change
(FV @RS. 1/- shares (FV @RS. 1/- shares during the
each) of the each) of the year*
Company Company
Individuals
1 DHEERAJ GARG  4,64,02,280  29.57  4,64,02,280  29.57 0.00
2 R K GARG  30,55,333  1.95  30,55,333  1.95 0.00
3 PRIYA GARG  8,45,620  0.54  7,92,620  0.51 0.03
4 SUNENA GARG  55,99,574  3.57  55,99,574  3.57 0.00
TOTAL (A)  5,59,02,807  35.62  5,58,49,807  35.60  0.03
Promoter Body Corporate
1 SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED  1,32,41,870  8.44  1,32,41,870  8.44 0.00
2 SAB UDYOG LIMITED  1,14,25,820  7.28  1,14,25,820  7.28 0.00
3 CHANDIGARH DEVELOPERS PRIV ATE LTD  60,47,935  3.85  56,91,320  3.63 0.23
4 DHG MARKETING PRIV ATE LTD  50,10,940  3.19  50,10,940  3.19 0.00
5 MALWA CHEMTEX UDYOG LTD  38,50,000  2.45  38,50,000  2.45 0.00
6 CHANDIGARH AIRCRAFT MANAGEMENT 3,64,080  0.23  3,64,080  0.23 0.00
SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
7 STEEL STRIPS FINANCIERS PVT  LTD  2,00,000  0.13  2,00,000  0.13 0.00
8 MUNAK INTERNATIONAL PVT LTD  22,500  0.01  22,500  0.01 0.00
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 158]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
155
S. Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. No. of shares % of total No. of shares % of total % change
(FV @RS. 1/- shares (FV @RS. 1/- shares during the
each) of the each) of the year*
Company Company
9 S S CREDITS (P) L TD  16,000  0.01  16,000  0.01 0.00
10 S J MERCANTILE PVT . LIMITED  12,000  0.01  12,000  0.01 0.00
11 MALWA HOLDINGS (P) L TD  4,000  0.00  4,000  0.00 0.00
12 MUNAK INVESTMENTS (P) L TD  4,000  0.00  4,000  0.00 0.00
13 STEEL STRIPS HOLDINGS (P) L TD  1,200  0.00  1,200  0.00 0.00
14 INDIAN ACRYLICS LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
15 STEEL STRIPS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
16 INDLON CHEMICALS LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
17 SAB DEVELOPERS PRIV ATE LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
18 STEEL STRIPS MERCANTILE PRIV ATE LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
19 INDIAN ACRYLICS INVESTMENTS LIMITED  -  -  -  - 0.00
20 STEEL STRIPS INDUSTRIES LIMTED  -  -  -  - 0.00
21 HANSRAJ TRUST (R K GARG)  -  -  -  - 0.00
22 R.K. GARG AND SONS HUF (R K GARG)  -  -  -  - 0.00
23 MUNAK FINANCIERS PVT  LTD*  -  -  4,000  0.00 0.00
TOTAL (B)  4,02,00,345  25.62  3,98,47,730  25.39  0.23
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (A+B)  9,61,03,152  61.24  9,56,97,537  60.99  0.26
Notes:
1. *Munak Financiers Pvt. Lt d have originally sold 400 equity shares(af ter sub-division 2022: 4000 equity shares) long back, but not yet
lodged by the purchasers in public category with the Comp any. Pursuant to the provisions of section 124 of the Comp anies Act, 2013,
during the FY 2024-25 these shares were transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) as dividend on these shares
remained unclaimed for seven consecutive years.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 19 Other Equity
Reserves & Surplus
Share Forfeiture Reserve  2,237.85  2,237.85
Assistance under P ATSER Scheme  50.00  50.00
Capital Subsidy  27.95  27.95
Capital Revaluation Reserve  5,280.64  5,280.64
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 7,596.44  7,596.44
===========================================================================
Securities Premium Reserve
Opening Balance  14,594.64  13,917.44
Addition on Allotment  -  79.06
Addition on issue of shares under ESOP  -  598.14
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Balance  14,594.64  14,594.64
===========================================================================
Share Options Out standing Reserve
Opening Balance  289.26  433.05
Addition Employees stock option scheme expense  462.86  474.33
Less: Exercise and Forfeit of employees stock option  -  (618.12)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Balance  752.12  289.26
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 159]
156
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
General Reserves
Opening Balance  93,219.73  73,819.75
Add : Additions during the year  21,989.50  19,380.00
Transfer on forfeiture  -  19.98
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance as at the year end  1,15,209.23  93,219.73
===========================================================================
Retained Earnings
Opening Balance  17,298.13  16,140.09
Profit for the year  20,995.04  21,989.50
Other Comprehensive Income  (77.70)  113.66
Dividends (including t ax thereon)  1,569.29  1,565.13
Transfer to General Reserves  21,989.50  19,380.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance as at the year end  14,656.68  17,298.13
===========================================================================
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total 1,52,809.11  1,32,998.20
===========================================================================
Nature and purpose of Reserves
(i) Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for limited purposes in accordance
with the provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013.
(ii) Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profit s that the Comp any has earned/incurred till date, less any transfers to general reserve, dividends or
other distributions p aid to shareholders Ret ained earnings include re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined benefit plans, net of t axes
that will not be reclassified to S tatement of Profit and Loss.
(iii) Share Options Out standing reserve
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under Employee
stock option plan.
(iv) General Reserve
Under the erstwhile Companies Act 1956, general reserve was created through an annual transfer of net income at a specified percentage
in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in a given year is
more than 10% of the p aid-up capital of the Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less than the tot al distributable
results for that year. Consequent to introduction of Comp anies Act 2013, the requirement to mandatorily transfer a specified percent age
of the net profit to general reserve has been withdrawn. However , the amount previously transferred to the general reserve can be
utilised only in accordance with the specific requirement s of Comp anies Act, 2013.
(v) Capital revaluation reserve
Cumulative gains and losses arising on revaluation of Fixed asset s measured at market value are recognised in capit al revaluation
reserve. The reserve balance represent s such changes recognised net of amount s reclassified to ret ained earnings on disposal of such
assets.
(vi) Equity instrument s through other comprehensive income
The Comp any has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of cert ain investment s in equity securities in other comprehensive
income. These changes are accumulated within the Equity instrument through other comprehensive income reserve within ret ained
earnings.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 160]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
157
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 20 Non-current Borrowings
(Refer note No: 46)
Secured
Rupee Term loans from banks  26,669.21  35,262.26
Foreign Currency Term Loans  1,192.94  2,874.31
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 27,862.15  38,136.57
===========================================================================
Note:-21 Other Financial Liabilities
Payables for Capit al Goods - Long Term  2,038.74  1,931.85
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,038.74  1,931.85
===========================================================================
Note:- 21(a) Lease Liability
Lease Liability  -  20.20
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  20.20
===========================================================================
Note:- 22 Provisions
Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)  22.13  439.26
Provision for Leave Encashment  594.48  726.37
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 616.61  1,165.63
===========================================================================
Note:-23 Deferred t ax liabilities (net) (refer note 51)
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :
Depreciation and fixed asset s  15,266.07  14,686.20
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 15,266.07  14,686.20
===========================================================================
Note:-24 Current Borrowings
Secured
Loan repayable on demand
- Rupee demand Loans from Banks  18,307.20  28,411.69
Foreign Currency Loan
- Buyers/Suppliers Credit loan for Raw Material from Banks  17,291.28  16,685.14
Current maturities of long-term borrowings  9,246.43  10,554.78
Unsecured
From Banks 10,036.31  11,004.99
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 54,881.22  66,656.60
===========================================================================
Note:-24(a) Lease Liability
Current Maturities of Lease Liability  20.20  25.11
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 20.20  25.11
===========================================================================
Nature of Securities
Loan payable on Demand
Notes:
I) 1st pari passu charge by way of hypothecation of entire current asset constituted of raw materials, stock in process, finished goods,
consumable stores, book debt s, bills whether document ary or clean out standing monies, receivables both present and future of the
company.
2nd pari-passu charge is on entire Fixed Assets of the comp any other than exclusively charged.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 161]
158
II) In pursuant to borrowing t aken by the comp any from banks on security of current asset s, the comp anies incorporated in India are
required to submit the information periodically which includes the stock st atement, book debts statement, revenue, trade receivable and
trade payable etc. During the year the comp any has filed periodic returns or st atements with the banks in lieu of the sanctioned working
capital facilities, which are in agreement with the books of account s.
III) The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction of charges which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the st atutory period.
IV) The Company has not made any default in the rep ayment of loans to banks and other financial institutions including interest thereon.
V) The term loans have been used for the purpose for which they were obtained and funds raised for a short term basis have not been used
for long term purposes.
Foreign Currency Loan
Buyer credit/RA Financing/Suppliers Credit loans are secured by way of lien on Non-Funds based W orking Capit al Limits and counter
indemnity of the comp any.
All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the Comp any.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 25 Trade payables
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises  3,586.68  1,302.20
Others 71,620.85  58,688.61
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 75,207.53  59,990.81
===========================================================================
III) Ageing Schedule of T rade Payable is as below:
As at 31st March 2025
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 1-2 year  2-3 years  More than Total
1 year 3 years
Undisputed MSME  3,386.77  199.91  -  -  -  3,586.68
Undisputed others  66,374.98  5,245.87  -  -  -  71,620.85
Disputed MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disputed Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
As at 31st March 2024
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 1-2 year  2-3 years  More than Total
1 year 3 years
Undisputed MSME  1,227.33  74.87  -  -  -  1,302.20
Undisputed others  55,886.98  2,801.62  -  -  -  58,688.61
Disputed MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disputed Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
Notes:
Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act)
for the year ended 31 March 2024 is given below. This information has been determined to the extent such p arties have been identified on the
basis of information available with the Comp any:
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Principal amount due and remaining unp aid  197.00  73.78
Interest due on above and the unp aid interest  2.91  1.09
Interest Paid -  -
Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year  -  -
Interest due and p ayable for the period of delay  -  -
Interest accrued and remaining unp aid  -  -
Amount of further interest remaining due and p ayable in succeeding years  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 199.91  74.87
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 162]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
159
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 26 Other financial liabilities
Unclaimed dividend  47.36  43.65
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 47.36  43.65
===========================================================================
Notes:
I) Unpaid dividend account does not include any amount p ayable to Investor Education and Protection Fund which is due and unp aid.
Note:-27. Current/Non-current t ax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance income t ax (net of prov.)  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
Note:- 28 Provisions
Provision for Employee benefit s
i) Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)  523.51  483.34
ii) Provision for Leave Encashment  95.23  131.92
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 618.74  615.26
===========================================================================
Note:- 29 Other Current liabilities
Due to directors  834.17  904.18
Government dues  1,977.28  1,633.55
Other Payables  2,794.01  2,985.68
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 5,605.46  5,523.41
===========================================================================
Particulars For the Year Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 30 Revenue from operations
Operating revenues
Sale of product s
Export 56,117.09  63,411.84
Domestic 3,85,359.37  3,70,703.42
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 4,41,476.46  4,34,115.26
=====================================================================================
Other Operating revenue
Duty Draw back Income  1,169.70  1,361.72
Job Work Income  253.67  232.56
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,423.37  1,594.28
=====================================================================================
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 4,42,899.83  4,35,709.54
=====================================================================================
Note:- 31 Other Income
Interest income  1,250.12  1,448.62
Profit on disposal of fixed asset s  -  115.29
Miscellaneous income  93.79  42.48
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,343.91  1,606.39
=====================================================================================
Note:- 32 Cost of materials consumed
Imported 46,285.44  43,418.17
Indigenous 2,41,523.24  2,42,013.72
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,87,808.68  2,85,431.89
=====================================================================================
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 163]
160
Particulars For the Year Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 33 Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and work -in-progress
Opening stock
Finished Goods  8,515.76  8,703.48
Scrap 469.57  783.99
Work-in-Progress  8,310.95  5,982.11
Less: Closing S tock
Finished Goods  8,681.18  8,515.76
Scrap  2,193.87  469.57
Work-in-Progress  8,410.52  8,310.95
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (1,989.29)  (1,826.70)
=====================================================================================
Note:- 34. Employee benefit expense
Salaries, Wages, Bonus & Incentives etc.  34,166.56  31,947.63
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds  1,253.79  1,171.89
Workmen and S taff Welfare Expenses  1,545.21  1,528.79
Gratuity 551.61  680.15
Employee Stock Compensation Expense (refer note 47)  462.86  474.33
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
37,980.03  35,802.79
=====================================================================================
Note:- 35 Finance cost s
a) Interest Expenses
i) Paid to Banks
- on Term Loan  1,946.64  940.11
- on Working Capit al Loan  2,702.52  1,952.47
- on Foreign Currency Loan  265.28  409.29
ii) Interest Others  6,502.28  6,623.43
b) Other borrowing Charges  306.39  341.30
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 11,723.11  10,266.60
=====================================================================================
Note. 36 Depreciation and amortisation
Depreciation on
Property, Plant and Equipment /Int angible asset s  10,100.88  8,995.30
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 10,100.88  8,995.30
=====================================================================================
Note:- 37 Other Expenses
Store Spares Consumed :
-Imported 1,982.27  3,381.94
-Indigenous 18,246.06  15,998.63
Other Misc. Manufacturing Exp  6,185.42  5,182.55
Power, Electricity & W ater Charges (Net)
-Manufacturing  12,728.32  12,589.00
-Others  16.85  11.91
Repair and Maintenance
-Plant & Machinery  5,685.52  6,402.05
-Repairs & Renewals  605.69  831.65
-Vehicle Running, Rep air & Maintenance  91.27  103.22
Rent  1,237.77  1,091.45
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 164]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
161
Particulars For the Year Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Rates and Taxes  166.88  191.53
Insurance  626.93  592.20
Auditors’ Remuneration  12.20  11.00
Advertisement, Publicity and Sales Promotion  0.63  0.19
Travel & Conveyance
-Directors 7.13  10.96
-Others  1,224.77  1,452.44
Legal & Professional Charges  1,547.86  1,959.70
Bad debts Written Off  0.99  0.33
Balances W ritten Back/ Of f (Net)  0.99  0.70
Director’s Sitting Fees  16.90  15.40
Loss on Sale of Assets  13.82  -
Telephone & Communication Expenses  53.82  54.05
Business Promotion  43.49  58.15
Forwarding Expenses  18,835.38  18,905.90
Loss/(Gain) on Foreign Exchange Fluctuation  -  125.79
Miscellaneous Expenses *  1,088.00  811.39
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  70,418.96  69,782.13
=====================================================================================
* Miscellaneous Expenses includes expenses under the Corporate Social 569.04  388.36
responsibilities under Section 135 of Comp anies Act 2013(Refer Note no 45)
Note:- 38 Exceptional items
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
=====================================================================================
Payment to Auditors
As Auditor:
Audit fee  7.00  7.00
Tax audit fee  2.00  2.00
Certificate Charges *  3.20  2.00
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 12.20  11.00
=====================================================================================
* Certificate charges includes Rs.1.20 Lacs for DV A certification under PLI scheme given to customers in FY  2024-25
Note: 39 Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic
Net Profit as per profit and loss account  20,995.01  21,989.49
Weighted average number of equity shares out standing during the year  15,69,29,325  15,66,39,402
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earning per Share- Basic  13.38  14.04
===========================================================================
Diluted
Net Profit as per profit and loss account  20,995.01  21,989.49
Weighted average number of equity shares out standing during the year  15,76,28,512  15,68,97,544
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earning per Share- Diluted  13.32  14.02
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nominal Value of Equity Share  1.00  1.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 165]
162
Note:- 40 Contingent Liabilities ( To the Extent not provided for )
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A) CONTINGENT LIABILITES
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Credit /Bank Guarantee Out standing for Import /Purchase of Raw materials, 9,201.74  4,832.83
Spares and Plant and Machinery
===========================================================================
B) COMMITMENTS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Estimated amount of Contract s remaining to be executed on account of capit al account 9,913.74  9,374.25
and not provided for ( net of advances)
===========================================================================
Note:- 41 Related p arty disclosure
1) Related Party Disclosure
a) Key Managerial Personnel Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Director (till June 10, 2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director (w .e.f August 29, 2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Sh. Naveen Sorot, Chief Financial Of ficer
Sh. Shaman Jindal, Comp any Secretary (Till October 29, 2024)
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Comp any Secretary (w.e.f October 30, 2024)
b) Relatives of the KMP Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (Chairman; Non-Executive Director), Father of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Smt. Sunena Garg, Mother of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Ms. Priya Garg, Sister of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Sh. Vinod Kumar Mitt al, Relative of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain
c) Non-Executive and Independent Directors Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive Non Independent Director
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, Nominee Director (T ATA Steel Limited)
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, Independent Director (till September 30, 2024)
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director (w .e.f October 01, 2024)
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy , Independent Director
d) Relatives of Non-executive Director Smt. Shallu Garg, Wife of Sh. Sanjay Garg
e) Enterprises over which key management SAB Industries Limited, SAB Udyog Limited, Malwa Chemtex Udyog Lt d., Steel Strips
personnel (KMP) and their relatives are Financiers Pvt. Ltd., Munak International Pvt. Ltd., S.S. Credits Pvt. Ltd., S.J. Mercantile
able to exercise significant control Pvt. Ltd, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Lt d., Munak Investment Pvt. Lt d., Steel Strips Holding
Pvt. Lt d., Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Limited, DHG Marketing Pvt. Lt d , Munak
financiers P Ltd, Chandigarh Aircraft Management Services Pvt Limited, S teel Strips
Infrastructre Limited & Hans Raj Trust.
f) Associates Clean Max Astria Private Limited (CMAPL)
g) Subsidiary AMW Autocomponent Limited (AACL)
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 166]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
163
Related Party T ransactions Key Relatives of Enterprises Associate Subsidiary Total for Total for
management KMP/ Non- over which (where (Entity  current  Previous
Personnel Executive and KMP are Company where Year Year
(KMP)   Independent able to  has control 2024-25 2023-24
Directors/ exercise significant exists)
Relatives of significant influence)
Non-executive influences
Director
Contribution for CSR Activities  -  -  319.00  -  -  319.00  212.00
Rent Paid  -  -  17.02  -  25.13  42.15  67.07
Sitting Fee  -  16.90  -  -  -  16.90  15.40
Salary including commission  1,637.18  -  -  -  -  1,637.18  1,667.39
Perquisite value on Options exercised -  -  -  -  -  -  124.91
during the year under Employee stock
Option Scheme, 2021
Issue of Equity Shares including Premium  -  -  -  -  -  -  9.50
Dividend Paid  465.93  95.22  398.48  -  -  959.63  983.55
Loan to Subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  13,315.00
Interest Recevied  -  -  -  1,027.15  -  1,027.15  240.92
Purchase of Power  -  -  -  504.70  -  504.70  239.20
Purchase of Property , Plant & Equipment  -  -  -  -  640.10  640.10  -
Sale of Property , Plant & Equipment  -  -  -  -  8.55  8.55  -
Purchase of Goods  -  -  -  -  37.15  37.15  -
Investment  -  -  -  693.10  -  693.10  500.00
 2,103.1 1  112.12  734.50  2,224.95  710.93  5,885.61  17,374.94
OUTSTANDING BALANCES Key Relatives of Enterprises Associate Subsidiary Total for Total for
management KMP/ Non- over which (where (Entity  Outstanding  Outstanding
Personnel Executive and KMP are Company where as at 31st as at 31st
(KMP)   Independent able to  has control March March
Directors/ exercise significant exists) 2025 2024
Relatives of significant influence)
Non-executive influences
Director
Loan to Subsidiary  -  -  -  -  13,315.00  13,315.00  13,315.00
Interest on Loan to Subsidiary  -  -  -  -  584.33  584.33  216.83
Payables  -  -  -  79.16  -  79.16  115.20
Salary including commission  851.51  -  -  -  -  851.51  913.38
 851.51  -  -  79.16  13,899.33  14,829.99  14,560.41
Notes:
I) The transactions with related p arties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’ s length transactions. Out standing
balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free except the interest bearing loan given to subsidiary comp any. The settlement
for these balances occurs through p ayment. The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amount s owed by
related parties for the year ended 31st March 2025 (31st March 2024: Nil). This assessment is undert aken each financial year through
examining the financial position of the related p arty and the market in which the related p arty operates.
2) There are no out standing loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director , and Related Party
(other than mentioned in Point 2 above) of the Comp any.
Note:- 42. Prior period comprises of the following
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Expenses
Sales tax demand  -  -
Raw material Expenses  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  -  -
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 167]
164
Note:- 43. Post Retirement Benefit s Plans (Ind AS 19)
Defined Benefit Plan
The Company provides for gratuity for employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in continuous service for a
period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity . The amount of gratuity p ayable on retirement/termination is the employees last drawn basic salary
per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service. For the funded plan the Comp any makes
contributions to recognised funds in India. The Comp any does not fully fund the liability and maint ains a t arget level of funding to be
maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected gratuity p ayments.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(i) Changes in Defined Benefit Obligation
Present value obligation as at the st art of the year  3,186.56  2,747.80
Interest cost  213.18  198.94
Current service cost  503.86  484.85
Actuarial loss/(Gains) - Experience Changes  (61.59)  (155.53)
Actuarial loss / (Gains)- on obligations  -  -
Benefits directly p aid by employer  (64.74)  (42.85)
Benefits directly p aid by trust  (169.67)  (46.65)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Present value obligation as at the end of the year  3,607.60  3,186.56
===========================================================================
(ii) Change in fair value of plan asset s
Fair value of plan asset s as at the st art of the year  2,311.69  2,053.32
Interest income on plan asset s  154.65  148.66
Employer Contributions  750.00  160.00
Return on plan asset s greater/(lesser) than discount Rates  42.25  (3.64)
Benefits paid  (169.67)  (46.65)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fair value of plan asset s as at the end of the year  3,088.92  2,311.69
===========================================================================
(iii) Breakup of Actuarial gain/loss:
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from change in financial assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from experience adjustment  (61.59)  (155.53)
Return on plan asset s (greater)/less than discount rate  (42.25)  3.64
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (103.84)  (151.89)
===========================================================================
(iv) Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in the Balance Sheet
Present value obligation as at the end of the year  (3,607.60)  (3,186.56)
Fair value of plan asset s as at the end of the year  3,088.92  2,311.69
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Asset / (Liability) in the Balance Sheet  (518.67)  (874.87)
===========================================================================
(v) Amount recognized in the st atement of profit and loss
Current service cost  503.86  484.85
Interest cost  213.18  198.94
Interest income on plan asset s  (154.65)  (148.66)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Income)/Expense recognised in the st atement of profit and loss  562.39  535.13
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 168]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
165
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(vi) Remeasurements recognised in the statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Changes in Financial Assumptions  -  -
Experience Adjustments  (61.59)  (155.53)
Return on plan asset s (greater)/less than discount rate  (42.25)  3.64
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income  103.84  151.89
===========================================================================
(vii) Actuarial assumptions
Discount Rate (p.a) 6.69% 7.24%
Salary Escalation Rate (p.a) 5.96% 6.25%
Attrition (At all ages) 10.00% 10.00%
Mortality Rate  Indian Assured Indian Assured
Lives Mortality Lives Mortality
(2012-14)    (2012-14)
(viii) Sensitivity analysis for gratuity liability
The sensitivity of the overall plan obligations to changes in the weighted
key assumptions are:
Present value of obligation at the end of the year
Impact of the change in Discount rate (p.a)
Impact due to decrease of 1%  181.16  104.86
Impact due to increase of 1%  (232.27)  (241.41)
Impact of change in Salary Escalation rate (p.a)
Impact due to increase of 1%  181.14  104.86
Impact due to decrease of 1%  (234.97)  (244.27)
Weighted average duration of defined plan obligation at the end of reporting period  4.25 Years  4.25 Years
Note:- 44. Segment Reporting
A) PRIMARY SEGMENT (BUSINESS SEGMENT)
A business segment is a distinguishable component of an enterprise that is engaged in providing an individual product or service or a
group of related product s or services and that is subject to risks and returns that are dif ferent from those of other business segment s.
The Comp any’s Operation predominantly comprise of only one segment i.e Automotive Component s. In view of the same, sep arate
segmental information is not required to be given as per the requirement s of IND AS 108 “Operating Segment s”
B) SECONDARY SEGMENT (GEOGRAPHICAL  SEGMENT)
The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. The Company operates primarily in India
and has presence in international market s as well. It s business is accordingly aligned geographically , catering to two market s. The
Company has considered domestic and exports markets as geographical segments and accordingly disclosed these as separate segments.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
GROSS SALE REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT
WITHIN INDIA 4,91,043.81  4,68,234.78
OUTSIDE INDIA  56,117.09  63,411.84
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL 5,47,160.90  5,31,646.62
===========================================================================
The Company has common fixed asset s, other asset s and liabilities for domestic as well as overseas market. Hence, sep arate figures for
assets and liabilities have not been furnished.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 169]
166
Note: 45. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  EXPENSES
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Comp any* 562.94 417.92
B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent 569.04 388.36
C) Amount spent during the year on: In Cash Yet to be Total In Cash Yet to be Total
paid in cash paid in cash
i) Construction/Acquisition of any asset s  432.67  -  432.67  223.87  -  223.87
ii) Purposes other than (i) above  136.37  -  136.37  164.49  -  164.49
Total amount spent during the year  569.04  -  569.04  388.36  -  388.36
D) Related party transactions in relation to Corporate Social Responsibility:
Contribution to Hansraj Trust (HRT)  319.00  -  319.00 212.00  - 212.00
However, the HRT has spent Rs. 314.84 Lakhs and Rs. 189.36 Lakhs only towards the CSR Activities for the FY  2024-25 and FY  2023-24,
respectively, as against to the amount contributed by the Comp any. Accordingly, the Company has considered the amount actually spent by
HRT towards the CSR Activities.
E) Amount earmarked for ongoing project:  NIL  NIL
F) Details of excess amount spent Opening Amount required to be Amount actually spent Closing
Balance spent during the year during the year Balance
Details of excess amount spent for the FY  2024-25 72.27 562.94 569.04 78.37
Details of excess amount spent for the FY  2023-24 101.83 417.92 388.36 72.27
G) Nature of CSR activities undert aken by the Comp any:
The CSR initiatives of the Comp any aim towards inclusive development of the communities largely around the vicinity of it s plants and
Corporate office. During the year under review , the Company has undertaken intiatives in the areas of promotion of education, providing
special life skills to special children, day-care facilities, sanit ation and cleanliness, healthcare facilities including preventive health care,
rural development, ensuring Environment Sustainability through a range of structured interventions, Green area develpment, and promotion
of nationally recognized sport s.
H) There is no unspent amount at the end of the year to be deposited in specified fund of Schedule VII under Section 135(5) of the
Companies Act, 2013.
I) Since there were no ongoing project s of the company in the FY 2024-25, no amount is required to be transferred to a special account in
compliance of Section 135(6) of the Comp anies Act, 2013.
*During the financial year 2023-24, an amount of Rs. 72.27 lakhs was spent in excess towards the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the FY
2023-24 which was available for set-of f with the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the FY  2024-25. Thus, the net CSR obligation of the
Company for the FY  2024-25 was Rs. 490.67 lakhs.
*During the financial year 2022-23, an amount of Rs. 101.83 lakhs was spent in excess towards the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the
FY 2022-23 which was available for set-of f with the Company’s CSR obligation for the FY  2023-24. Thus, the net CSR obligation of the
Company for the FY  2023-24 was Rs. 316.09 lakhs.
Note: 46. Securities and T erms of repayments for Secured Long term borrowings
1) Nature of Securities
a) Rupee Term Loans/ Foreign currency term loan/ NBFC
Term Loans from banks, financial institutions and others are secured / to be secured by equit able mortgage created/ to be created by
deposit of title deeds of the Company’s immovable properties for Dapp ar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) & Seraikella(In Jharkhand)
in addition to the deed of hypothecation charging Comp any’s moveable properties, both present and future and second charge created
/ to be created on raw materials, semi-finished goods, consumable stores, finished goods and book debt s etc on p aripassu basis.
However in regard to term loan t aken from Banks/Financial Institutions for Mehsana (Gujarat) project, the said loan will be secured (first
charge) through equit able mortgage by deposit of title deeds of the Comp any’s immovable properties situated at Mehsana (in Gujarat)
and Second p ari p assu charge on all other immovable properties, movable properties and current asset s situated at Dapp ar( In
Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) unit, & Seraikella(In Jharkhand).
Loan of Rs.100 crores t aken from HDFC Bank for acquisition of AMW Autocomponent to be secured on exclusive charge on AACL
assets along with corporate guarantee issued by AACL.
All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the Comp any.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 170]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
167
2) Terms of Repayments
Maturity Profile of Secured Term Loans are as below :
Particulars 1st year  2nd year  3rd year  4th year  5th year
Term Loans - Current Year  9,246.43  9,947.24  7,891.80  5,766.02  2,590.42
Term Loans - Previous Year  10,554.78  11,093.70  10,549.43  7,505.24  4,731.11
3) Detail of Interest Capit alized during the year As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Interest Capit alized during the year  1,256.05  1,642.91
Note 47. Employee stock option plan
Share Reserved for Issue under Options out standing as at the end of the year on unissued share capit al
As on 1st April, 2024, the comp any had 1 (one) ongoing employee S tock Options scheme i.e S teel Strips Wheels Limted- Employee S tock
Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021).
1. Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021)
The Company has an ongoing Employee S tock Option Scheme (ESOS) titled as “S teel Strips Wheels Limited - Employee S tock Option
Scheme, 2021” (“ESOS 2021” or “the scheme”) in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 which was approved by the Board of Directors and subsequently by shareholders of the
Company at their 35th Annual General Meeting(AGM) held on 30.09.2021, authorizing the comp any to create, offer, issue and grant, in
one or more tranches, up to 5,00,000 options (or such other adjusted figures af ter the sub-division of equity shares, if any) to the
employees of the comp any.
As per the terms of the Scheme, all the options granted on any date shall vest not earlier than 1 (one) year and not later than a maximum
of 4 (four) years from the respective date of grant of options as may be determined by Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) and
each option would entitle the holder thereof to subscribe equal number of equity shares of face value (FV) Rs. 10/- each(or such other
adjusted figures after the sub-division of equity shares, if any) at an exercise price as may be determined by the ECC/ Board of Directors
of the Company. Further, the Exercise period would commence from the date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
respective date of grant or such other shorter period as may be decided by “ECC” from time to time.
Further, the Company had sub-divided it s equity shares of FV of Rs. 10/- each, two (2) times in the following manner:-
•
1st Sub-Division in the year 2021: FV of Rs. 10/- each to FV of Rs. 5/- each w .e.f. 22.11.2021:
Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at their 35thAnnual General Meeting held on 30.09.2021, the Comp any had sub-
divided its existing 1(one) equity share of FV of Rs. 10/- each into 2(two) equity shares of FV of Rs. 5/- each w .e.f. record date i.e.
22.11.2021.
• 2nd Sub-Division in the year 2022: FV of Rs. 5/- each to FV of Re. 1/- each w .e.f. 11.11.2022:
Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at their 36th Annual General Meeting held on 30.09.2022, the Comp any had again
sub-divided it s existing 1(one) equity share of FV of Rs. 5/- each into 5(five) equity shares of FV of Re.1/- each w .e.f. record date
i.e. 11.11.2022.
Until 11.11.2022, the comp any had not granted any stock options under ESOS 2021. Accordingly, as a result of the aforesaid sub-
divisions, the number of stock options available for future grant(s) under ESOS 2021 increased from 5,00,000 to 50,00,000 options and
each option is convertible into equal number of equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price as may be determined by the ECC/
Board of Directors of the Comp any.
Further, ECC in its meeting held on 17.11.2022 had granted 5,00,000 options (Tranche 1) to the employees of the Company in accordance
with the ESOS 2021. Each option entitled the holder thereof to subscribe one equity share of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price of Rs.
20/- per share of the comp any. As decided by the ECC, the vesting period for the said 5,00,000 options granted was one year from the
date of grant and the Exercise period would commence from the date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
respective date of grant of options.
During the financial year 2023-24:
• The Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors of the Comp any in it s meeting held on 12.12.2023 had allotted 416125 equity
shares (Tranche 1) of FV of Re. 1/- each for cash at an Exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share of the comp any to the employees
of the comp any who had exercised their stock options under the ESOS 2021.
• The ECC in its meeting held on 16.03.2024 had forfeited 4750 options out of tot al outstanding stock options granted under Tranche
1 of ESOS 2021, as the employees to whom these options were granted had lef t the company. Accordingly, 79125 vested options
under Tranche 1 were eligible for exercise at the end of the FY  2023-24.
• The ECC in it s meeting held on 16.03.2024 had also granted 2,00,000 (T ranche 2) stock options to eligible employees of the
Company in accordance with ESOS 2021. Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of FV Re. 1/- each of
the Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted (T ranche 2) shall vest
after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire on
completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 171]
168
During the financial year 2024-25:
• The Options granted by ECC under Tranche 2 of ESOS 2021 on 16.03.2024, vested on 16.03.2025 i.e. af ter completion of one(1)
year from the date of grant and exercise period commenced from date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
date of grant.
• The ECC in its meeting held on 13.03.2025 have granted 5,00,000 (T ranche 3) stock options to eligible employees of the comp any
in accordance with ESOS 2021. Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of face value Re. 1/- each of the
Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted shall vest on 13.03.2026
i.e after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire
on completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
The Number and W eighted average exercise price of S tock Option are as follows:
Particulars Year ended 31st March 2025
Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Tranche 3
 Options  Weighted Options  Weighted Options  Weighted
average average average
Exercise Exercise Exercise
Price Price Price
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Granted Options  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  5,00,000 20
Forfeited during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Exercised during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  5,00,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 1/- each fully 79,125 20  2,00,000 20  5,00,000 20
paidup to be issued on exercise of option
Weighted Average share price in respect of options NA NA NA NA NA NA
exercised during the year (as on date of exercise)
Weighted average remaining contractual life 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from
(in years) the date of the date of the date of the date of the date of the date of
grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options
The Number and W eighted average exercise price of S tock Option are as follows:
Particulars Year ended 31st March 2024
Tranche 1  Tranche 2
 Options  Weighted Options  Weighted
 average average
 Exercise Exercise
 Price Price
  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the year  5,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Granted Options  NIL NIL  2,00,000 20
Forfeited during the year  4,750 20  NIL NIL
Exercised during the year  4,16,125 20  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year  79,125 20  NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 1/- each fully paidup to be issued on exercise of option  79,125 20  NIL NIL
Weighted Average share price in respect of options exercised during the year  4,16,125 283.63 NA NA
Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from
the date of the date of the date of the date of
grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 172]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
169
3. Impact of fair Valuation method on Net Profit under EPS
In March 2005, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India had issued a guidance note on “Accounting for Employees Share based
payments” applicable to Employee based share plan, the grant date in respect of which falls on or af ter April 1, 2005. The said guidance
notes requires the Pro-forma Disclosures of the imp act of fair value method of accounting of Employee stock Compensation accounting
in the financial st atements. The employee compensation cost was calculated by an Ind pendent Valuer using the fair value method of
accounting to account for the options granted under “ESOS 2021” therefore there will not be any imp act on profit s and EPS of the
company.
4. Weighted Average fair value of options granted under ESOS 2021 during the year : Rs. 153.64 per stock option (convertible into each
equity share of Face V alue Re. 1/-).
5. The fair Value of the Options, is estimated on the date of grant using the black- scholes model with the following significant assumptions.
Particulars ESOS 2021 ESOS 2021 ESOS 2016
(2024-25) (2023-24) (2023-24)
Weighted average Risk free interest rates ( in %) 6.64% 7.07%
Weighted average Expected life 5 years 5 years
Weighted average V olatility (in %) 41.38% 39.27%
Weighted average Dividend Yield (%) 0.44% 0.44%
Weighted average Exercise price Rs. 20.00 Rs. 20.00
The Price of the underline share in market at the time of Option grant Rs. 171.86 Rs. 241.50
Weighted average Fair V alue of the Options Rs. 153.64 Rs. 222.23
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price applicable to the tot al expected life of each option.
6. No Shares out of the issued, subscribed and p aid-up Share Capit al were alloted as Bonus Shares in the last five years by capit alization
of Securities Premium Reserves.
7. No Shares out of the issued , subscribed and p aid-up Share Capital were alloted in the last five years pursuant to the various scheme of
amalgamation without p ayment being received in cash.
Note:- 48. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise loans and borrowings, trade and other p ayables. The main purpose of these financial
liabilities is to finance the Comp any’s operations and to support its operations. The Company’s financial assets include loans, trade and other
receivables, and cash & cash equivalent s that derive directly from it s operations.
The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The company’s senior management oversees the management of these
risks. The company’s senior management is supported by a Business Risk Management committee that advises on financial risks and the
appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Comp any. This Business Risk Management committee provides assurance to the
Company’s senior management that the Comp any’s financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedure and that
financial risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with the Comp any’s policies and risk objectives. The Board of Directors
reviews and agrees policies for managing each risk, which are summarised as below:
Market risk
a) Price Risk
Fluctuation in commodity price in global market af fects directly and indirectly the price of raw material and component s used by the
Company in its products. The key raw material for the Company’s business is HR Steel & Aluminium Ingot. The Company has arrangements
with its major customers for p assing on the price imp act. The Company is also regularly t aking initiatives like V A VE ( value addition,
value engineering ) to reduce it s raw material cost s to meet t argets set up by it s customers for cost downs.
b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Comp any’s long term debt
obligations with floating interest rates. The Company is carrying it s borrowings primarily at variable rate.
No Options were
granted during the
financial year
2023-24. The said
scheme was
closed on
16.03.2024.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 173]
170
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Variable rate borrowings  27,862.15  38,136.57
Fixed rate borrowings  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Borrowings  27,862.15  38,136.57
===========================================================================
Interest rate sensitivity
For the Purpose of computing interest rate sensitivity on the above borrowings, management has estimated a reasonably possible
change in interest rate as 50bp s based on current as well as expected economic conditions. This analysis is based on Long Term Risk
exposures outstanding at the reporting date and assumes that all other variables, in p articular foreign currency exchange rates, remains
constant. The period and balances are not necessarily represent ative of the average amount s outstanding during the periods.
Impact on Profit s As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
50 bp decrease would Increase the profit before t ax by  139  191
50 bp increase would decrease the profit before t ax by  (139)  (191)
c) Foreign currency risks
The company tries to manage the foreign currency risk by att aining natural hedge. The company also does selective hedging to hedge
its risk associated with foreign currency and to address the timing dif ference in foreign currency collections & p ayments.
i) The derivative out standing as at the reporting date is as follows:-
Category Wise Quantitative Data As at 31st March 2025
Amount in Foreign Currency (lacs)
Forward Contract s, Options
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Sell)  92.75
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Sell)  2.32
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Buy)  66.03
Foreign Currency option contract s mature within 12 months
ii) Mark to market losses / (gain) on Forwards/Options
Particulars As at 31st March 2025
Mark to Market losses/(gain)  (52.02)
d) Credit risk
The credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Comp any if a customer or counterp arty to a financial instrument fails to meet it s
contractual obligations towards the Comp any and arises princip ally from the Comp any’s receivables from customers and deposit s with
banking institutions. The maximum amount of the credit exposure is equal to the carrying amount s of these receivables.The Comp any
has developed guidelines for the management of credit risk from trade receivables. The Company’s primary customers are major Indian
automobile manufacturers (OEMs) with good credit ratings. Non-OEM client s are subjected to credit assessment s as a precautionary
measure, and the adherence of all client s to payment due dates is monitored on an on-going basis, thereby practically eliminating the
risk of default. The Company has deposited liquid funds at various banking institutions. Primary banking institutions are major Indian and
foreign banks. In long term credit ratings these banking institutions are considered to be investment grade. Also, no impairment loss has
been recorded in respect of fixed deposit s that are with recognised commercial banks and are not p ast due.
e) Liquidity risk
The liquidity risk encomp asses any risk that the Comp any cannot fully meet it s financial obligations. To manage the liquidity risk, cash
flow forecasting is performed in the operating divisions of the Comp any and aggregated by Comp any finance. The Company’s finance
monitors rolling forecast s of the Comp any’s liquidity requirement s to ensure it has suf ficient cash to meet operational needs while
maintaining sufficient headroom in it s undrawn committed borrowing facilities / overdraf t facilities at all times so that the Comp any does
not breach borrowing limit s or covenant s (where applicable) on any of it s borrowing facilities.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 174]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
171
Year Ended March 31, 2025 Upto 1 Year Above 1 Years Total
Non - derivatives
Borrowings 54,881.22  27,862.15  82,743.37
Trade Payables 75,207.53  -  75,207.53
Other Financial Liabilities  -  2,038.74  2,038.74
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,30,088.75  29,900.89  1,59,989.64
Year Ended March 31, 2024
Non - derivatives
Borrowings 66,656.60  38,136.57  1,04,793.17
Trade Payables 59,990.81  -  59,990.81
Other Financial Liabilities  43.65  1,931.85  1,975.50
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,26,691.06  40,068.42  1,66,759.48
Year Ended March 31, 2023
Non - derivatives
Borrowings 47,720.53  16,104.83  63,825.36
Trade Payables  69,482.81  -  69,482.81
Other Financial Liabilities  40.06  6,832.13  6,872.19
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,17,243.40  22,936.96  1,40,180.36
Note:- 49 Capit al Management
a) Risk Management
The Company’s objectives when managing capit al is to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue
to provide returns for shareholders and benefit s for other st akeholders, and maint ain an optimal capit al structure to reduce the cost of
capital. Consistent with peers in the industry , the Comp any monitors Net Debt to EBITDA  ratio i.e. Net Debt (T otal Borrowings net of
Cash and Cash Equivalent s) divided by EBITDA  (Profit before t ax plus depreciation and amortization expense plus Finance cost s).The
Company’s strategy is to ensure that the Net Debt to EBITDA  is managed at an optimal level considering the above factors. The Net
Debt to EBITDA ratios were as follows:
As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Net Debt  82,436.74  1,01,701.36
EBITDA 50,025.36  48,125.82
Net Debt/EBITDA  1.65  2.11
b) Loan covenants
Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the Comp any is required to comply with cert ain financial covenant s and the Company
has complied with those covenant s throughout the reporting period.
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 175]
172
Note:- 50. Income T ax Expenses
The major component s of income t ax expense for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 are:
As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Income tax expense in the st atement of profit and loss comprises:
Current income t ax charged  6,602.85  9,393.80
Adjustment in respect of current income t ax of previous year  (2.69)  -
Total Current Income t ax.  6,600.16  9,393.80
Deferred Tax charge / (credit)
Relating to origination, Timing Dif ference and reversal on account of new t ax rates  606.20  (2,519.37)
Income tax expense reported in the st atement of profit or loss  7,206.36  6,874.43
B) Other Comprehensive Income
Tax expense related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income during the year:
Deferred t ax on re-measurement loss on defined benefit plan (26.14)  38.23
Deferred t ax on re-measurement gain on fair value of investment  -  -
Income t ax related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income during the year  (26.14)  38.23
C) Reconciliation of t ax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’ s domestic t ax rate
Accounting profit before t ax  28,201.37  28,863.92
Applicable t ax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed T ax Expense  7,097.72  7,264.47
Tax effect on Below items
Tax Impact on Depreciation/ Temporary Dif ference  12.35  (242.58)
Tax impact of additional deductions allowable under Income Tax Act.  (37.14)  (154.80)
Tax impact of items not deductible in calculating the t axable income  136.12  268.00
Adjustment in respect of current income t ax of previous year  (2.69)  -
MAT Credit entitlement written of f as move to New Tax regime (Refer Note I)  -  2,258.70
Impact of Remeasurement of Def fered tax liability (Refer Note I)  -  (2,519.37)
Income tax charged to S tatement of Profit and Loss at effective rate of 25.51% 7,206.36  6,874.43
(31 March 2024: 23.82%)
Notes:
I) During FY 2023-24 the Company has opted for lower tax rates, consequent to this, the Comp any has calculated tax and re-measured its
deferred tax liability basis rates prescribed in section and credited consequential imp act in deferred t axes in FY 2023-24 amounting to
Rs 25.19 Crores. Further the Comp any has booked the balance in MA T Credit as Tax expense during FY  2023-24.
II) Effective tax rate has been calculated on profit before t ax.
Note 51 The following is the analysis of deferred t ax assets/(liabilities)
Recognised in profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in relation to: As at Credit / Credit /(charge) As at
31st March 2024 (charge) to Other 31st March 2025
to Profit Comprehensive
or Loss. Income
Property, plant and equipment  (14,880.67)  (499.71)  -  (15,380.37)
Intangible asset s (32.14)  -  -  (32.14)
Provision for Gratuity  67.75  (49.93)  26.13  43.95
Provision for Leave Encashment  (57.41)  (44.80)  -  (102.21)
Provision for Bonus (18.00)  (11.77)  -  (29.77)
Recognized through OCI  234.46  -  -  234.46
 (14,686.00)  (606.20)  26.13  (15,266.07)
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 176]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
173
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in relation to: As at Credit / Credit /(charge) As at
31st March 2023 (charge) to Other 31st March 2024
to Profit Comprehensive
or Loss. Income
Property, plant and equipment  (17,400.04)  2,519.37  -  (14,880.67)
Intangible asset s  (32.14)  -  -  (32.14)
Provision for Gratuity  67.75  -  -  67.75
Provision for Leave Encashment  (57.41)  -  -  (57.41)
Provision for Bonus (18.00)  -  -  (18.00)
Recognized through OCI  284.62  -  50.16  234.46
 (17,155.21)  2,519.37  50.16  (14,686.00)
Deferred tax balances (Net)
Deferred tax balances (Net)  As at  As at  As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024 31st March 2023
(a) Deferred tax assets  278.41  1,095.00  1,253.98
(b) Deferred tax liabilities  15,544.48  15,781.20  18,409.19
Net Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability)  (15,266.07)  (14,686.20)  (17,155.21)
Note:- 52. Financial Ratios are as below
Particular Numerator Denominator For the Year For the Year Variation Remarks
Ended 31st Ended 31st in %age
March 2025 March 2024
Current Ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities (Excluding 1.11  1.09 1.30%
Current Maturities of Long
Term Debt)
Debt Equity Ratio Long Term Debt (Excluding Shareholder ’s Equity  0.19  0.29 -36.65% Improved due
Current  Maturities of Long (Excluding Revaluation to reduction
Term Debt) Reserve) in debt.
Debt Service Coverage Net profit af ter taxes + Debt service = Finance Cost 1.92  2.32 -17.21%
ratio Non-cash operating + Schedule Rep ayment
expenses+ finance cost (Excluding Prep ayment)
Return on Equity Ratio Net Profit af ter taxes Average shareholder ’s Equity 15.08% 18.52% -18.55%
Inventory turnover Ratio Average Inventory Sale of Product s in Days  59.34  59.93 -0.99%
(in Days)
Trade Receivable ratio Average trade Receivable Gross Revenue from  30.89  27.07 14.12%
(in Days) Operations
Trade Payable Turnover Average Trade Payable Total Expenses - Finance Cost 69.29  66.92 3.54%
ratio (in Days) - Depreciation - Employee
Benefit Expense
Net Capit al Turnover ratio Working Capit al (Current Net Sales = Total Sales - 11.24  9.54 17.86%
(in Days) Assets- Current Liabilities Sales Return
(Excluding Current Maturities
of Long Term Debt))
Net Profit ratio Net profit af ter taxes Net Sales = Total Sales - 4.74% 5.05% -6.07%
Sales Return
Return on Capit al Profit before interest and Capital Employed=T angible 20.85% 21.35% -2.36%
Employed taxes Net Worth + Long Term Debt
Including Current Maturities
of Long Term Debt
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 177]
174
NOTE 53 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013
I) The Company does not have any Benami Property where any proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the Comp any for
holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made there under .
II) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority .
III) The Company do not have any balance with the comp anies struck of f under section 248 of Comp anies Act, 2013 or section 560 of
Companies Act, 1956.
IV) The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Comp anies Act, 2013.
V) The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting imp act on current or previous financial year .
VI) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person or entity , including foreign entities (Intermediaries)
with the underst anding that the Intermediary shall
a. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the group
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b. provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
The Company has not received any fund from any person or entity , including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the underst anding
(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Comp any shall:
a. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b. provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
(VII) The Comp any does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of account s that has been surrendered or
disclosed as income during the year in the t ax assessment s under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as search or survey or any other
relevant provision of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
(VIII) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year .
(IX) The Company has not revalued it s property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use asset s) or intangible assets or both during the
current or previous year .
(x) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Comp anies beyond the
statutory period.
(xi) The borrowings obt ained by the Comp any from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes for which such
loans were t aken.
NOTE 54-Other
The Comp any has est ablished a comprehensive system of maintenance of information and document s as required by the transfer pricing
legislation under section 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that it s transactions with the associated
enterprises are at arm’ s length so that the aforesaid legislation will not have any imp act on the financial st atements, p articularly on the
amount of t ax expense and that of provision for t axation.
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements (1-54)
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 178]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
175
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S
REPORT
To The Members of
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial S tatements
1. Opinion
We have audited the accomp anying Consolidated Financial S tatements of Steel Strips Wheels Limited  (“the Holding Comp any”) and
its subsidiary (the Holding Comp any and it s subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”), including an associate comp any, which
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, and the Consolidated S tatement of Profit and Loss (including other
comprehensive income), Consolidated S tatement of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Cash Flow S tatement for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated Ind AS financial st atements including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory
information (hereinaf ter referred to as “Consolidated Ind AS financial st atements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and on the other financial information of
the associates comp any, the aforesaid consolidated financial st atements give the information required by the Comp anies Act, 2013, as
amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, of the consolidated st ate of affairs of the Group, and it s associate company as at 31st March 2025, their consolidated
profit including other comprehensive income, their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated st atement of changes in equity for the
year ended on that date.
2. Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial st atements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified under
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those S tandards are further described in the ‘Auditor ’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the Group, associate company in accordance
with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirement s that are relevant
to our audit of the consolidated financial st atements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder , and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirement s and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is suf ficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial st atements.
3. Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial st atements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements, as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon and we do not provide a sep arate opinion on these matters. W e have
determined that there are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
4. Information Other than the Financial S tatements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
• The Holding Comp any’s Board of Directors are responsible for the prep aration of the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Holding Comp any’s Annual Report, but does not include the Consolidated financial
statements and our auditor ’s report thereon.
• Our opinion on the consolidated financial st atements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
• In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial st atements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial st atements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misst ated.
• If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misst atement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. W e have nothing to report in this regard
5. Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial S tatements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements
in terms of the requirement s of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial
performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and consolidated st atement of changes in equity of the
Group including it s Associate in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act read with the Comp anies (Indian Accounting S tandards) Rules, 2015, as
amended. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its Associate are responsible for maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies
and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making

[page 179]
176
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implement ation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls, that were operating ef fectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error , which have been used for the purpose of prep aration of the consolidated financial st atements by the
Directors of the Holding Comp any, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial st atements, the respective Board of Directors of the comp anies included in the Group and of it s
Associate are responsible for assessing the ability of their respective companies to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those respective Board of Directors of the comp anies included in the Group and of it s Associate are also responsible for overseeing the
financial reporting process of their respective comp anies.
6. Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial S tatements
Our objectives are to obt ain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial st atements as a whole are free from
material misst atement, whether due to fraud or error , and to issue an auditor ’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users t aken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maint ain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misst atement of the consolidated financial st atements, whether due to fraud or error ,
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obt ain audit evidence that is suf ficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery , intentional omissions, misrepresent ations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an underst anding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding
Company and its subsidiary company which are incorporated in India, has adequate internal financial controls system with reference
to financial st atements in place and the operating ef fectiveness of such controls
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’ s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncert ainty exists related to event s or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the
Group and its associate to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncert ainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor ’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial st atements or , if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obt ained up to the date of our auditor ’s report.
However, future event s or conditions may cause the Group and it s associate to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall present ation, structure and content of the consolidated financial st atements, including the disclosures, and
whether the consolidated financial st atements represent the underlying transactions and event s in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group
and its associate of which we are the independent auditors, to express an opinion on the consolidated financial st atements. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial st atements of such entities included in the
consolidated financial st atements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated
financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audit s carried out by them. W e remain solely responsible for our audit opinion
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Comp any and such other entities included in the consolidated
financial st atements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit
We also provide those charged with governance with a st atement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirement s regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationship s and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial st atements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. W e describe these matters
in our auditor ’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumst ances,

[page 180]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
177
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefit s of such communication.
7. Other Matters
The consolidated financial st atements/ financial information of the one subsidiary reflect tot al assets of Rs. 3,348.80 Lakhs as at March
31, 2025, tot al revenue of NIL, tot al comprehensive income (comprising of profit and other comprehensive income) of Rs. (1452.65)
Lakhs and net cash flows amounting to Rs. (493.40) Lakhs for the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial
statements. The consolidated financial st atements also include the Group’ s share of tot al comprehensive income of Rs. (13.91) Lakhs
for the year ended March 31, 2025 as considered in the consolidated financial st atements, in respect of one associate, whose financial
statements/ financial information have not been audited by us. The financial statements/ financial information of the associate is unaudited
and have been certified by the respective company’s management and furnished to us by the management of the Holding Company, and
our opinion on the consolidated financial st atements insofar as it relates to the amount s and disclosures included in respect of the
associate and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act including report on other Information insofar as it relates
to the aforesaid associate, is based solely on such unaudited financial st atements/ financial information. In our opinion and according to
the information and explanations given to us by the management, this financial st atements/ financial information are not material to the
Group
Our opinion on the consolidated financial st atements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement s below, is not modified
in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the financial st atements/ financial information certified
by the respective comp any’s management and furnished to us by the management of the Holding Comp any
8. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement s
1. As required by the Comp anies (Auditor ’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in terms of
sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors on sep arate
financial st atements and the other financial information of the subsidiary comp anies, incorporated in India, as noted in the ‘Other
Matter’ paragraph we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in p aragraph 3(xxi) of the Order
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors on the financial
statements of associate, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’  paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
a) We have sought and obt ained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial st atements.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to prep aration of the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books, returns and the report s of the other
auditors.
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated st atement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, the
Consolidated Cash Flows S tatement and the Consolidated S tatement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in
agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial st atements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under Section
133 of the Act, read with Comp anies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Comp any as on March 31, 2025 taken on
record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Comp any and the report s of the statutory auditors of subsidiary comp any and
associate comp any incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Holding Comp any, its subsidiary included in the group
and its associate companies incorporated in India are disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f) With Respect to the Adequacy of Internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Group and it s associate, incorporated
in India and the operating ef fectiveness of such controls, refer to our sep arate report in “Annexure B” which is based on the
auditor’s report of the Holding Comp any, subsidiary comp any, associate comp anies incorporated in India.
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirement s of section 197(16)
of the Act, as amended:
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration p aid by the
Group to their directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act read with schedule V to
the Act.
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 1 1 of the Comp anies (Audit
and Auditors) Rules, 2014,as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us:
i) There were no pending litigations which would imp act the consolidated financial position of the group and it s associates.

[page 181]
178
ii) The group and it s associate did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contract s including derivative
contracts.
iii) There has been no delay in transferring amount s, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the group and it s associate.
iv) (a) The respective Management s of the company and its subsidiary and associate which are comp anies incorporated in
India, whose financial st atements have been audited under the Comp anies Act, have represented to us and the
other auditors of such associate respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed
funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Comp any or any of such subsidiary and
associate to or in any other person or entity , including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the underst anding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether , directly or indirectly lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the Comp any or any of such
subsidiary and associate (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The respective Management s of the comp any and it s subsidiary and associate which are incorporated in India,
whose financial st atements have been audited under the Comp anies Act, have represented to us and the other
auditors of such associate respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Comp any or any of such subsidiary and associate
from any person or entity , including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the underst anding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Comp any or any of such subsidiary and associate shall, whether , directly or indirectly ,
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the Funding Party
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(c) Based on the audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumst ances performed
by us and the auditors of the associate which are comp anies incorporated in India whose financial st atements have
been audited under the Comp anies Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor notice that has caused us or other
auditor to believe that the represent ations as provided under (a) and (b) above, cont ain any material misst atement.
v) The final dividend declared and p aid by the Holding comp any during the year in respect of the previous financial year is
in accordance with section 123 of the Act 2013 to the extent it applies to p ayment of dividend.
The Board of Directors of the holding comp any have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval
of the members of p arent at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section
123 of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration of dividend
vi) Based on our examination, which included test checks and that performed by the respective auditors of the subsidiary
and associate which are comp anies incorporated in India whose financial st atements have been audited under the Act,
the company, subsidiary and associate have used an accounting sof tware for maintaining its books of account which has
a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the sof tware. Further , during the course of our audit, we and respective auditors of the above referred
subsidiary and associate did not come across any inst ance of audit trail feature being t ampered with. Additionally, the
audit trail has been preserved by the company and above referred subsidiary and associate as per the statutory requirements
for record retention
3. The Group and its associate company have paid/ provided for managerial remuneration in accordance with the requisite approvals
mandated by the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place : Chandigarh
Date: 15.05.2025
UDIN: 25505972BMKUTF9932

[page 182]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
179
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial S tatements of Steel Strips Wheels Limited for the
year ended 31 March 2025
(Referred to in p aragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement s’ section of our report of even date)
(xxi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following comp anies incorporated in India and included
in the consolidated financial st atements, have unfavourable remarks, qualification or adverse remarks given by the respective auditors
in their report s under the Comp anies (Auditor ’s Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
Sr.No. Name of the entities CIN Holding Company/ Paragraph number in
Subsidiary/ JV/ the respective CARO
Associate reports
1 AMW AUTOCOMPONENT LIMITED U35923GJ2009PLC057269 Subsidiary (iii)(c )
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place :Chandigarh
Date : 15.05.2025

[page 183]
180
Annexure B to Independent Auditor’s Report
Referred to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Financial S tatements for the year ended 31 st March
2025
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
1. In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial st atements of S teel S trips Wheels Limited (hereinaf ter referred to as the
“Holding Comp any”) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial st atements of the Holding Comp any and its subsidiary (the Holding Comp any and its subsidiary together referred
to as “the Group”)and it s associate, which are comp anies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The respective Board of Directors of the Holding company, its subsidiary company, its associate company which are companies incorporated
in India, are responsible for est ablishing and maint aining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting
criteria established by the respective Comp anies considering the essential component s of internal control st ated in the Guidance Note
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These
responsibilities include the design, implement ation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective comp any’s policies, the safeguarding
of it s asset s, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Comp anies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the based on our audit. W e
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance
Note”) issued by the ICAI and the S tandards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require
that we comply with ethical requirement s and plan and perform the audit to obt ain reasonable assurance about whether adequate
internal financial controls over financial reporting was est ablished and maintained and if such controls operated ef fectively in all material
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obt ain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over
financial reporting and their operating ef fectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obt aining an
understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exist s, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating ef fectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on
the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misst atement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obt ained and the audit evidence obt ained by the other auditor of the associate comp any,
which are comp anies incorporated in India in terms of their report s referred to in the Other Matters p aragraph below, is suf ficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the Holding
Company, its subsidiary comp any and it s associate comp any, which are comp anies incorporated in India
Meaning of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
4. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the prep aration of financial st atements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A comp any’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable det ail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit prep aration of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipt s and expenditures of the comp any are being
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the comp any; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the comp any’s asset s that could have a
material ef fect on the financial st atements.
Inherent Limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting
5. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, including the possibility
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misst atements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial st atements to future periods

[page 184]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
181
are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial st atements may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate
Opinion
6. In our opinion to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the report s
of the other auditors referred to in the Other Matters p aragraph below , the Holding Comp any, its subsidiary comp any and associate
company, which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material respect s, an adequate internal financial controls system over
financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating ef fectively as at March 31, 2025, based on
the criteria for internal financial control over financial reporting est ablished by the respective comp anies considering the essential
components of internal control st ated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over
financial reporting insofar as it relates to one associate comp any, which are comp any incorporated in India, is based solely on the
corresponding report s of the auditor of such comp any incorporated in India.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matters.
For AKR & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar
Partner
Membership No.: 505972
Place :Chandigarh
Date : 15.05.2025

[page 185]
182
CONSOLIDA TED BAL ANCE SHEE T
As on 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Particulars Note no.  As at As at
31st March 2025  31st March 2024
ASSETS
Non-current Assets
a) Property, plant and equipment 3  1,78,068.58  1,62,586.95
b) Capital work-in-progress 4  28,776.58  36,255.68
c) Other Intangible asset s 5  77.58  92.16
d) Right to use Assets 5(a)  89.80  101.19
e) Financial asset s
i) Investment s 6  1,048.80  369.62
ii) Loans 7  -  -
iii) Other Financial asset s 8  1,374.66  1,220.09
f) Other non-current asset s 9  2,898.79  7,276.49
Total Non-Current Assets  2,12,334.79  2,07,902.18
Current Assets
a) Inventories 10  74,276.19  69,695.20
b) Financial asset s
i) Trade receivables 11  48,637.38  43,973.02
ii) Cash and Cash equivalent s 12  744.24  4,030.00
iii) Bank balances other than above 13  265.26  258.08
iv) Loans 14  377.77  435.78
v) Other financial asset 15  -  -
c) Current tax assets (net) 16  347.50  28.11
d) Other current asset s 17  2,908.15  2,933.57
Total Current Assets  1,27,556.49  1,21,353.76
Total Assets 3,39,891.28  3,29,255.94
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
a) Equity Share capit al 18  1,569.29  1,569.29
b) Other equity 19  1,60,998.72  1,42,654.38
Total Equity 1,62,568.01  1,44,223.67
Non-current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings 20 27,862.15  38,136.57
ii) Others financial liabilities 21  1,954.68  1,931.87
iii) Lease Liability 21(a)  -  20.20
b) Provisions 22  616.61  1,165.63
c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 23  9,828.59  10,084.25
Total Non-Current Liabilities  40,262.03  51,338.52
Current Liabilities
a) Financial liabilities
i) Borrowings 24  54,881.22  66,656.60
ii) Lease Liability 24(a)  20.21  25.11
iii) Trade and other p ayables
- Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 25  3,586.68  1,302.20
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 71,714.60  58,693.68
and small enterprises
iv) other financial liabilities 26  47.36  43.65
b) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 27  -  -
c) Provisions 28  618.74  615.26
d) Other current liabilities 29  6,192.43  6,357.25
Total Current Liabilities  1,37,061.24  1,33,693.75
Total Equity and Liabilities  3,39,891.28  3,29,255.94
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 186]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
183
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENT OF PROFIT AND L OSS
For year ended 31st March, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Notes  Year Ended Year Ended
31st March 2025  31st March 2024
I Revenue from operations 30  4,42,899.83  4,35,709.54
II Other Income 31  316.76  1,365.47
Total income(I+II)  4,43,216.59  4,37,075.01
III Expenses
a Cost of materials consumed 32  2,87,808.68  2,85,431.89
b Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and work -in-progress 33  (1,989.29)  (1,826.70)
c Employee benefit expense 34  37,986.73  35,802.79
d Finance cost s 35  11,724.30  10,266.60
e Depreciation and amortisation expense 36  11,113.26  10,422.14
f Other expenses 37  70,659.72  69,900.61
Total Expenses III(a to f)  4,17,303.40  4,09,997.33
IV Profit/(loss) before exceptional items and t ax (I+II-III)  25,913.19  27,077.68
V Exceptional items 38  -  47,310.39
VI Profit/(loss) before t ax after exceptional items(IV+V)  25,913.19  74,388.07
VII Share of profit/(loss) from associates  (13.91)  (45.19)
VIII Profit before t ax (VI+VII)  25,899.28  74,342.88
IX Tax expense: (refer note 50)
(1) Current tax  6,602.85  9,393.80
(2) Deferred tax  (229.33)  (2,519.37)
Prior years t ax Adjustments  (2.69)  -
X Profit/(loss) for the period af ter Tax (VI-VII)  19,528.45  67,468.45
XI Other Comprehensive Income  (77.70)  113.66
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
-Re-measurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans  (103.84)  151.89
-Income tax relating to above items  26.14  (38.23)
XII Total Comprehensive Income for the period (VIII+IX)(Comprising Profit/(Loss) 19,450.75  67,582.11
and Other Comprehensive Income for the period)
XIII Paid-up equity share capit al (Face value of Rs.1 per share)  1,569.29  1,569.29
XIV Earnings per equity share in Rs. (refer note 39)
(1) Basic (in `)  12.44  43.07
(2) Diluted (in `)  12.39  43.00
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of Consolidated financial st atements
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 187]
184
CONSOLIDA TED CASH FL OW ST ATEMENT
For the period ended 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
S.No. Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A. Cash Flow from Operating activities
Profit before t ax  25,899.28  74,342.88
Depreciation  11,113.26  10,422.14
Share of (profit)/loss from associates  13.91  45.19
Other Comprehensive Income  (77.70)  113.66
Adjustement for Exceptional items  -  (47,294.68)
Loss/(Profit) on Sale of asset s  13.82  (115.29)
Expense on employee S tock Option Scheme  462.86  474.33
Interest Received  (222.97)  (1,207.70)
Financial charges p aid  11,724.30  23,027.48  10,266.60  (27,295.75)
Operating profit before working capit al changes  48,926.76  47,047.13
Adjustment for
- (Increase)/ decrease in inventory  (4,580.99)  3,699.54
- (Increase)/ decrease in trade and other receivables  (4,664.36)  (9,098.11)
- ‘Non Current/Current Financial Liabilities and Assets provision  3,622.72  (5,650.58)
- Changes in Tax Provision  (445.88)  (518.47)
- Increase/ (decrease) in trade p ayables  15,305.40  9,236.89  (9,986.93)  (21,554.54)
Cash inflow from Operations  58,163.65  25,492.59
Taxes paid(Net of Refunds)  6,500.00  6,204.03
Net cash from / (used) in Operating activities  51,663.65  19,288.56
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Purchase of fixed asset s  (21,234.52)  (38,286.67)
Sale of fixed asset s  2,144.70  223.31
Purchase of investment s  (693.09)  -
Profit on sale of investment s / Assets  (13.82)  115.29
Interest Received/(Paid)  222.97  1,448.62
Net cash from / (used) in investing activities  (19,573.76)  (36,499.45)
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares incl premium  -  83.22
Proceeds from long term borrowings  -  34,035.83
Repayment of long term borrowings (net of fluctuation)  (11,582.77)  (16,673.30)
Payment of CIRP  Implement ation cost  -  (2,926.23)
Changes in working capit al loans/short term borrowings  (10,467.00)  14,434.36
Payment of interest portion of lease liabilities  (4.53)  (6.81)
Payment of princip al portion of lease liabilities  (25.11)  (22.83)
Dividend paid  (1,569.29)  (1,565.13)
Financial charges p aid  (11,719.77)  (10,259.79)
Net cash from / (used) in financing activities  (35,368.47)  17,099.32
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalent s  (3,278.58)  (111.57)
Cash and cash equivalent s as at beginning of the year  4,288.08  4,399.65
Cash and cash equivalent s as at end of the year  1,009.50  4,288.08
Notes.
I) The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7,“Statement
of Cash Flows”.
II)
Components of cash and cash equivalent s
Balances With banks
In Current account  784.13  1,279.86
In Deposit Accounts  217.89  193.53
Cheque in hand  -  2,801.25
Cash in hand  7.47  13.44
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of these financial st atements
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 188]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
185
CONSOLIDA TED ST ATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUIT Y
For the period ended 31st March 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
 (` `` `` In lacs)
A. Equity Share Capit al
As at 31st March, 2023  1,565.13
Changes in equity share capit al during the year  4.16
--------------------------------------------
As at 31st March, 2024  1,569.29
Changes in equity share capit al during the year  -
--------------------------------------------
As at 31st March, 2025  1,569.29
=====================
B. Other Equity
PARTICULARS Reserve and surplus
Share Securities Capital General Share Option  Retained Total
Forfeiture premium Reserve Reserve Outstanding earnings
Reserve reserve Reserve
(a) As at 31st March, 2023  2,237.85  13,917.44  5,358.59  73,819.76  433.05  16,139.46  1,11,906.15
(i) Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  67,468.46  67,468.46
(ii) Addition on account of Acquisition  -  17,707.18  3,483.89  -  -  (93,464.58)  (72,273.51)
(iii) Other comprehensive income for  -  -  -  -  -  113.66  113.66
the year, net of income t ax
(b) Total comprehensive income for -  17,707.18  3,483.89  -  -  (25,882.46)  (4,691.39)
the year
(iv) Dividends including t ax thereon  -  -  -  -  -  (1,565.13)  (1,565.13)
(v) Transfer to General Reserve/Other  -  -  19,399.38  (618.12)  (19,379.40)  (598.14)
Reserve
(vi) Shares issued/options exercised  -  677.20  -  -  474.33  -  1,151.53
(vii) Addition on account of Acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  36,451.33  36,451.33
(c) As at 31st March, 2024  2,237.85  32,301.82  8,842.48  93,219.14  289.26  5,763.81  1,42,654.36
(viii) Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  19,528.48  19,528.48
(ix) Addition on account of Acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(x) Other comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  (77.70)  (77.70)
the year, net of income t ax
(d) Total comprehensive income for -  -  -  -  -  19,450.78  19,450.78
the year
(x) Dividends including t ax thereon  -  -  -  -  -  (1,569.29)  (1,569.29)
(xi) Transfer to General Reserve/Other -  -  -  67,468.46  -  (67,468.46)  -
Reserve
(xii) Shares issued/options exercised  -  -  -  -  462.87  -  462.87
(xiii) Addition on account of Acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(e) As at 31st March, 2025  2,237.85  32,301.82  8,842.48 1,60,687.60  752.13  (43,823.16)  1,60,998.72
The accompanying notes are an integral p art of Consolidated financial st atements
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 189]
186
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
The consolidated financial st atements comprise financial st atements of S teel S trips Wheels Limited (the Parent comp any) and it s
subsidiary and associate (collectively referred as “the Group”).
Steel Strips Wheels Limited (the Parent company) is a public limited Company incorporated on 28th February 1985 under the Companies
Act, 1956. Its shares are listed on both Bombay S tock Exchange and National S tock Exchange. The Parent and subsidiary comp anies
are engaged in the manufacturing of Automotive Wheel Rims and other auto component s and associate comp any is engaged in
generation of renewable power .
The consolidated financial st atements were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the board of directors on 15 th May
2025.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the prep aration of Consolidated Financial S tatements. These
policies have been consistently applied to all the years except where newly issued accounting st andard is initially adopted.
2.01) Basis of Prep aration of Consolidated Financial S tatements
The consolidated financial st atements of the Group have been prep ared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind
AS) notified under the Comp anies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time) and present ation
requirements of Division II of schedule III to the Comp anies Act, 2013 (Ind AS compliant schedule III) as applicable to these
consolidated financial st atements.
The Group has prep ared the consolidated financial st atements on the basis that it will continue to operate as going concern.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise st ated.
The consolidated financial st atements have been prep ared on a historical cost basis, except for the following asset s and
liabilities.
(i) Certain financial asset s and liabilities that is measured at fair value.
(ii) Assets held for sale-measured at fair value less cost to sell
(iii) Defined benefit plans-plan asset s measured at fair value
(iv) Share based p ayments.
2.02) Current versus non-current classification
The Group present s assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/non- current classification. An asset is treated
as current when it is:
- Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle - Held primarily for purpose of
trading.
- Expected to be realised within twelve months af ter the reporting period, or
- cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months af ter
the reporting period.
All other asset s are classified as non-current.
A liability is current when:
- It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle.
- It is held primarily for purpose of trading.
- It is due to be settled within twelve months af ter the reporting period, or
- There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months af ter the reporting period.
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
The term of the liability that could, at the option of counterp arty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instrument s do not
affect it s classification.
Deferred tax assets and deferred t ax liabilities are classified as non- current asset s and liabilities.
The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents.
The Group has identified twelve months as it s operating cycle.
2.03) Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial st atements comprise the financial st atements of the p arent comp any along with it s subsidiary and
associate as at 31 March 2025. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has right s, to variable returns from it s
involvement with the investee and has the ability to af fect those returns through it s power over the investee. S pecifically, the
Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:
(i) Power over the investee (i.e. existing right s that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
(ii) Exposure, or right s, to variable returns from it s involvement with the investee, and
(iii) The ability to use it s power over the investee to af fect its returns.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 190]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
187
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting right s result in control. To support this presumption and when the
Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances
in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:
(i) The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee
(ii) Rights arising from other contractual arrangement s
(iii) The Group’s voting right s and potential voting right s.
(iv) The size of the group’s holding of voting right s relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of the other voting right s
holders.
The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if fact s and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one
or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary
and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary . Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or
disposed off during the year are included in the consolidated financial st atements from the date the Group gains control until the
date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary .
Consolidated financial st atements are prep ared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other event s in
similar circumstances. If a member of the Group uses accounting policies other than those adopted in the consolidated financial
statements for like transactions and event s in similar circumstances, appropriate adjustment s are made to that Group member ’s
financial statements in preparing the consolidated financial statements to ensure conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.
The financial st atements of all entities used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same reporting date as that of the
parent company, i.e., year ended on March 31st . When the end of the reporting period of the parent is different from that of other
group comp anies, the other group comp anies prep ares, for consolidation purposes, additional financial information as of the
same date as the financial st atements of the parent company to enable the parent to consolidate the financial information of the
group companies, unless it is impracticable to do so.
2.04) Consolidation procedure :
(A) Subsidiary
(a) Combine like items of asset s, liabilities, equity , income, expenses and cash flows of the p arent with those of it s
subsidiaries. For this purpose, income and expenses of the subsidiary are based on the amount s of the assets and
liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial st atements at the acquisition date.
(b) Offset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the p arent’s investment in subsidiary and the p arent’s portion of equity of
subsidiary. Business combinations policy explains how to account for any related goodwill/reserves.
(c) Eliminate in full intragroup asset s and liabilities, equity , income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between entities of the group (profit s or losses resulting from intragroup transactions that are recognised in asset s,
such as inventory and fixed asset s, are eliminated in full). Intragroup losses may indicate an imp airment that
requires recognition in the consolidated financial st atements. Ind AS 12 “Income Taxes” applies to temporary
differences that arise from the elimination of profit s and losses resulting from intragroup transactions.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the
parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interest s, even if this result s in the non-controlling interest s having a
deficit balance. When necessary , adjustment s are made to the financial st atements of subsidiaries to bring their
accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income,
expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
consolidation.
(B) Investment in Associate
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to p articipate in
the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.
The considerations made in determining whether significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to
determine control over the subsidiary .
The Group’ s investment s in it s associate are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the
investment in an associate is initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise
changes in the Group’ s share of net asset s of the associate since the acquisition date.
The statement of profit and loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the associate. Any change in OCI
of those investees is presented as p art of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly
in the equity of the associate, the Group recognizes it s share of any changes, when applicable, in the st atement of
changes in equity . Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are
eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate.
If the Group’s share of losses of an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term
interest that, in subst ance, form p art of the Group’ s net investment in the associate), the entity discontinues recognizing
its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
constructive obligations or made p ayments on behalf of the associate. If the associate subsequently report s profits, the
entity resumes recognizing it s share of those profit s only af ter it s share of the profit s equals the share of losses not
recognised.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 191]
188
The aggregate of the Group’s share of profit or loss of an associate is shown on the face of the statement of profit and loss
outside operating profit.
The financial st atements of the associate are prep ared for the same reporting period as the Group. When necessary ,
adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an imp airment loss on
its investment in it s associate. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the
investment in the associate is imp aired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of imp airment as the
difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and it s carrying value, and then recognizes the loss as
‘Share of profit of an associate in the st atement of profit and loss.
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate the Group measures and recognises any ret ained investment at it s
fair value. Any dif ference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair
value of the ret ained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.
The Group discontinue the use of equity method from the date the investment is classified as held for sale in accordance
with Ind AS 105 - Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations and measures the interest in associate
held for sale at the lower of it s carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
(C) Business Combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the
aggregate of the consideration transferred measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling
interests in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests
in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’ s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related cost s
are expensed as incurred.
Consideration transferred includes the fair values of the asset s transferred, liabilities incurred by the Group to the previous
owners of the acquiree, and equity interest s issued by the Group. Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of
any contingent consideration. Consideration transferred does not include amount s related to the settlement of pre-existing
relationships. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meet s the definition of a financial instrument is classified
as equity, then it is not re-measured and the settlement is accounted for within other equity . Otherwise, other contingent
consideration is re-measured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent
consideration are recorded in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. A contingent liability of the acquiree is assumed
in a business combination only if such a liability represent s a present obligation and arises from a p ast event, and it s fair
value can be measured reliably. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognizes any non-controlling interest
in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’ s proportionate share of the acquiree’ s identifiable net
assets. Transaction cost s that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination, such as st amp duty for title
transfer in the name of the Group, finder ’s fees, legal fees, due diligence fees and other professional and consulting fees,
are expensed as incurred.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and asset s include an input and
a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered
substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing output s, and the input s acquired include an organized
workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes to the
ability to continue producing output s and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost,
effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing output s.
At the acquisition date, the identifiable asset s acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their acquisition
date fair values. For this purpose, the liabilities assumed include contingent liabilities representing present obligation and
they are measured at their acquisition fair values irrespective of the fact that out flow of resources embodying economic
benefits is not probable. However, the following assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are measured at
the basis indicated below:
(i) Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and the liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised
and measured in accordance with Ind AS 12 Income Tax and Ind AS 19 Employee Benefit s respectively.
(ii) Potential tax effects of temporary dif ferences and carry forwards of an acquiree that exist at the acquisition date or
arise as a result of the acquisition are accounted in accordance with Ind AS 12.
(iii) Liabilities or equity instrument s related to share based p ayment arrangement s of the acquiree or share – based
payments arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based p ayment arrangement s of the acquiree
are measured in accordance with Ind AS 102 Share-based Payment s at the acquisition date.
(iv)  Assets (or disposal group s) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with Ind AS 105 Non-current Assets
Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that S tandard.
(v) Reacquired rights are measured at a value determined on the basis of the remaining contractual term of the related
contract. Such valuation does not consider potential renewal of the reacquired right.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial asset s and liabilities assumed for appropriate
classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumst ances and pertinent
conditions as at the acquisition date.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 192]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
189
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest is re-measured at its acquisition
date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss or OCI, as appropriate.
Business Combinations involving entities or businesses in which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately
controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination, and where that control is not
transitory is accounted using the pooling of interest s method as enumerated below:
(a) The assets and liabilities of the combining entities are reflected at their carrying amount s.
(b) No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognised any new assets or liabilities. The only adjustments
that are made are to harmonies accounting policies.
(c) The financial information in the financial st atements in respect of prior periods should be rest ated as if the
business combination had occurred from the beginning of the preceding period in the financial st atements,
irrespective of the actual date of the combination. However , if business combination had occurred af ter that
date, the prior period information shall be rest ated only from that date.
(d) The balance of the retained earnings appearing in the financial st atements of the transferor is aggregated with
corresponding balance appearing in the financial st atements of the transferee or is adjusted against revenue
reserve.
(e) The identity of the reserves shall be preserved and shall appear in the financial st atements of the transferee
in the same form in which they appeared in the financial st atements of the transferor .
(f) The difference, if any, between the amounts recorded as share capital issued plus any additional consideration
in the form of cash or other asset s and the amount of share capit al of the transferor is transferred to revenue
reserves/ capit al reserves.
2.05) Revenue from contract with customers
Revenue from contract s with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at
an amount that reflect s the consideration to which the Group expect s to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
A receivable is recognized when the control of the product is transferred as the consideration is unconditional and p ayment
becomes due upon p assage of time as per the terms of contract with customers. The Group collect s GST on behalf of the
government and, therefore, it is not an economic benefit flowing to the Group. Hence, it is excluded from revenue.
Revenue from sales of product s.
Revenue from sale of product s is recognized at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer ,
generally on delivery of the goods and there are no unfulfilled obligations.
The Group considers, whether there are other promises in the contract in which there are sep arate performance obligations, to
which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price for the sale of equipment, the
Group considers the effects of variable consideration, the existence of significant financing component s, noncash consideration,
and consideration p ayable to the customer , if any.
Variable consideration
If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer . The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and
constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not
occur when the associated uncert ainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Some contract s for the sale of
product provide customers with a right of return the goods within a specified period. The Group also provides retrospective
volume rebates to cert ain customers once the quantity of product purchased during the period exceeds the threshold specified
in the contract. The rights of return and volume rebates give rise to variable consideration. The Group uses the expected value
method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predict s the amount of variable consideration
to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in Ind AS 115 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are also
applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that
are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, the Group recognizes a refund liability. A right of return asset (and corresponding
adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognized for the right to recover product s from a customer .
Warranty obligations
The Group generally provides for warranties for general rep air of defect s that existed at the time of sale. These warranties are
assurance-type warranties under Ind AS 115, which are accounted for under Ind AS 37 (Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and
Contingent Assets).
Significant Financing Component s
In respect of short-term advances from it s customers, using the practical expedient in Ind AS 115, the Group is not required to
adjust the promised amount of consideration for the ef fects of a significant financing component because it expect s, at contract
inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised good or service to the customer and when the customer p ays for
that good or service will be within normal operating cycle.
Sale of service
The Group recognizes revenue from sales of services over period of time, because the customer simult aneously receives and
consumes the benefit s provided by the Group. Revenue from services related activities is recognized as and when services are
rendered and on the basis of contractual terms with the p arties.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 193]
190
Contract asset s
Contract assets is right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer and performance obligation
satisfied. If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer p ays consideration or
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Upon completion of the
attached condition and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognized as contract assets is reclassified to trade receivables
upon invoicing. A receivable represent s the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional. Contract asset s
are subject to imp airment assessment. Refer to accounting policies on imp airment of financial asset s in section (Financial
instruments – initial recognition and subsequent measurement).
Contract liabilities
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration
(or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer or has raised the invoice in advance. If a customer p ays consideration
before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer , a contract liability is recognised when the p ayment is made or the
payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract
(i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).
Trade receivables
A trade receivable is recognised if an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the p assage of time is required
before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial asset s in section (Financial instrument s).
2.06) Other Operating Revenues
Export incentives
Revenue from export benefit s arising from duty drawback scheme, rod tep scheme, remission of duties and t axes on exported
product scheme are recognised on export of goods in accordance with their respective underlying scheme at fair value of
consideration received or receivable.
2.07) LEASES
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or cont ains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Group as a lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short term leases and leases of
low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease p ayments and right-of-use asset s representing the right
to use the underlying asset s. For these short-term and low value leases, the Group recognizes the lease p ayments as an
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
i) Right-of-use asset s
The Group recognizes right-of-use asset s at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is
available for use). Right-of-use asset s are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and imp airment losses,
and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use asset s includes the amount of lease
liabilities recognised, initial direct cost s incurred, and lease p ayments made at or before the commencement date less
any lease incentives received. Right-of-use asset s are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
term and the estimated useful lives of the underlying asset s. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the
end of the lease term or the cost reflect s the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated
useful life of the asset. The right-of-use asset s are also subject to imp airment. Refer to the accounting policies in section
‘Impairment of non-financial asset s’.
ii) Lease Liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease p ayments include fixed p ayments (including in subst ance fixed
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease p ayments that depend on an index or a rate, and amount s
expected to be p aid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase
option reasonably cert ain to be exercised by the Group and p ayments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease
term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. V ariable lease p ayments that do not depend on an index or a
rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or
condition that triggers the p ayment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease p ayment s, the Group uses it s increment al borrowing rate at the lease
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement
date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease p ayments
made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a change in the lease
term, a change in the lease p ayments (e.g., changes to future p ayments resulting from a change in an index or rate used
to determine such lease p ayments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
Lease payments are allocated between princip al and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the
lease period so as to produce a const ant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
The groups’ lease liabilities are included in other current and non-current financial liabilities.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 194]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
191
Variable lease p ayments that depend on sales are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that
triggers those p ayments occurs.
iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value asset s
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to it s short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not cont ain a purchase option). It also applies the lease
of low-value asset s recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease p ayments on short-term
leases and leases of low-value asset s are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
2.08) ACCOUNTING FOR TAXES ON INCOME
Tax expense comprises current and deferred t ax. Current income-t ax is measured at the amount expected to be p aid to the tax
authorities in accordance with the Income-tax Act, 1961 enacted in India and tax laws prevailing in the respective tax jurisdictions
where the group operates. The tax rates and t ax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or subst antively
enacted, at the reporting date.
Deferred income t axes reflect the imp act of timing dif ferences between t axable income and accounting income originating
during the current year and reversal of timing dif ferences for the earlier years. Deferred t ax is measured using the t ax rates and
the tax laws enacted or subst antively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all t axable timing differences. Deferred t ax assets are recognized for deductible timing
differences only to the extent that there is reasonable cert ainty that suf ficient future t axable income will be available against
which such deferred tax assets can be realized. In situations where the group has unabsorbed depreciation or carry forward t ax
losses, all deferred t ax assets are recognized only if there is virtual cert ainty supported by convincing evidence that they can be
realized against future t axable profits.
At each reporting date, the Group re-assesses unrecognized deferred t ax assets. It recognizes unrecognized deferred t ax asset
to the extent that it has become reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient future taxable income
will be available against which such deferred t ax assets can be realized.
The carrying amount of deferred t ax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. The Group writes-down the carrying amount of
deferred t ax asset to the extent that it is no longer reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient
future taxable income will be available against which deferred t ax asset can be realized. Any such write-down is reversed to the
extent that it becomes reasonably cert ain or virtually cert ain, as the case may be, that suf ficient future t axable income will be
available.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are of fset, if a legally enforceable right exist s to set-off current tax assets against
current t ax liabilities and the deferred t ax asset s and deferred t axes relate to the same t axable entity and the same t axation
authority.
MAT credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence that the group will p ay normal
income tax during the specified period. In the year in which the Minimum Alternative tax (MAT) credit becomes eligible to be
recognized as an asset in accordance with the recommendations contained in guidance Note issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India, the said asset is created by way of a credit to the profit and loss account and shown as MA T Credit
Entitlement. The Group reviews the same at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount of MA T Credit
Entitlement to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the ef fect that Group will p ay normal Income Tax during the
specified period.
2.09) IMPAIRMENT OF NON FINANCIAL  ASSETS
A. At each Balance Sheet date, the carrying amount of asset s is tested based on internal/external factors, for imp airment so
as to determine:
(I) The provision for imp airment loss, if any; and
(ii) The reversal of imp airment loss recognized in previous periods, if any ,
B. Impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds it s recoverable amount. Recoverable
amount is determined:
(I) In the case of an individual asset, higher of the net selling price or the value in use.
(ii) In the case of a cash generating unit (a group of asset s that generates identified, independent cash flows), at the
higher of the cash generating unit’ s net selling price or the value in use.
(Value in use is determined as the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted to their present value at the
weighted average cost of Capit al, from the continuing use of an asset and from it s disposal at the end of it s useful life).
Post impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying value of the asset over it s remaining useful life.
2.10) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalent s balances include cash in hand, fixed deposit s, margin money deposit s, earmarked balances with
banks, other bank balances such as dividend account s, which have restrictions on rep atriation, highly liquid investment s with
original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amount s of cash and which are subject to an
insignificant risk of change in value.
For the purpose of present ation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalent s includes cash on hand, deposit held
at call with financial institutions, other short - term, highly liquid investment s with original maturities of three months or less that
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 195]
192
are readily convertible to known amount s of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank
overdrafts. Bank overdraf ts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.
2.11) INVENTORIES
a) Basis of valuation:
I) Inventories other than scrap materials are valued at lower of cost or net realisable value af ter providing cost of
obsolescence, if any . The comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an item-by-item basis.
b) Method of V aluation:
i) Cost of raw materials has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all cost s
of purchase, duties, t axes (other than those subsequently recoverable from t ax authorities) and all other cost s
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
ii) Cost of finished goods and work-in-progress includes direct labour and an appropriate share of fixed and variable
production overheads. Fixed production overheads are allocated on the basis of normal cap acity of production
facilities. Cost is determined on moving weighted average basis.
iii) Cost of traded goods has been determined by using moving weighted average cost method and comprises all cost s
of purchase, duties, t axes (other than those subsequently recoverable from t ax authorities) and all other cost s
incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
iv) Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated cost s of
completion and estimated cost s necessary to make the sale. The net realisable value of work-in-progress is
determined with reference to the selling prices of related finished product s. Raw materials and other supplies held
for use in the production of finished product s are not written down below cost except in cases where material prices
have declined and it is estimated that the cost of the finished product s will exceed their net realisable value.
v) Appropriate adjustment s are made to the carrying value of damaged, slow moving and obsolete inventories based
on management’s current best estimate.
2.12) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument
of another entity .
I) Financial Assets
The Group classifies it s financial asset s in the following measurement categories:
- those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss)
- those measured at amortised cost
The classification of financial asset s at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’ s contractual cash flow
characteristics and the Group’ s business model for managing them.
For asset s measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
income. For investment s in equity instrument s that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the group has
made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVT OCI.
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial asset s at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’ s contractual cash flow
characteristics and the Group’ s business model for managing them. W ith the exception of trade receivables that do not
contain a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at it s fair value plus, in the case
of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction cost s. Trade receivables that do not cont ain a
significant financing component are measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer to the accounting
policies in section “Revenue from contract s with customers”.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give
rise to cash flows that are ‘solely p ayments of princip al and interest (SPPI)’  on the princip al amount out standing. This
assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. Financial asset s with cash flows that
are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Group’ s business model for managing financial asset s refers to how it manages it s financial asset s in order to
generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
flows, selling the financial asset s, or both.
Financial asset s classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold
financial asset s in order to collect contractual cash flows while financial asset s classified and measured at fair value
through OCI are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and
selling.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement financial asset s are classified in following categories:
- Financial asset s at amortised cost (debt instrument s).
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 196]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
193
- Financial asset s at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVT OCI) with recycling of cumulative gains and
losses (debt instrument s).
- Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition
(equity instrument s).
- Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss.
Financial asset s at amortised cost (debt instrument s)
A ‘financial asset’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met:
a) Business Model Test: The objective is to hold the financial asset to collect the contractual cash flows (rather than to sell
the instrument prior to it s contractual maturity to realise it s fair value changes) and
b) Cash flow characteristics test: The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
are solely p ayments of princip al and interest on princip al amount out standing.
This category is most relevant to the Group. After initial measurement, such financial asset s are subsequently measured
at amortised cost using the ef fective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by t aking into account any
discount or premium on acquisition and fees or cost s that are an integral part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discount s
the estimated future cash receipt s over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate,
to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. When calculating the ef fective interest rate, the Group estimates the
expected cash flows by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument but does not consider the expected
credit losses. The EIR amortisation is included in other income in profit or loss. The losses arising from imp airment are
recognised in the profit or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables.
Financial asset s at fair value through OCI (FVT OCI) (debt instrument s)
A ‘financial asset’ is classified as at the FVT OCI if both of the following criteria are met:
a) Business Model T est: The objective of financial instrument is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling the financial asset s; and
b) Cash flow characteristics test : The contractual terms of the Debt instrument give rise on specific dates to cash flows
that are solely p ayments of princip al and interest on princip al amount out standing.
Debt instrument included within the FVT OCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value.
Fair value movement s are recognised in the other comprehensive income (OCI), except for the recognition of interest
income, impairment gains or losses and foreign exchange gains or losses which are recognised in st atement of profit and
loss and computed in the same manner as for financial asset s measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value
changes are recognised in OCI. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value changes recognised in OCI is reclassified
from the equity to profit or loss.
Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss
Financial asset s at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the balance sheet at fair value with net changes in fair
value recognised in the st atement of profit and loss. This category includes derivative instrument s and listed equity
investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity
investments are recognised in the st atement of profit and loss when the right of p ayment has been est ablished.
Financial asset s designated at fair value through OCI (equity instrument s)
Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably it s equity investments as equity instruments designated
at fair value through OCI when they meet the definition of equity under Ind AS 32 Financial Instrument s: Presentation and
are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Equity instrument s which
are held for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which Ind AS103
applies are classified as at FVTPL.
Gains and losses on these financial asset s are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other income
in the statement of profit and loss when the right of p ayment has been est ablished, except when the Group benefit s from
such proceeds as a recovery of p art of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI.
Equity instrument s designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to imp airment assessment.
Derecognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or p art of a Group of similar financial asset s) is primarily
derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’ s statement of financial position) when:
- The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
- the Group has transferred it s rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to p ay the received
cash flows in full without material delay to a third p arty under a “p ass through” arrangement and either;
(a) the Group has transferred subst antially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
(b) the Group has neither transferred nor ret ained subst antially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred it s right s to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a p ass-through
arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has ret ained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither
transferred nor ret ained subst antially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the
Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’ s continuing involvement. In that case, the
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 197]
194
Group also recognises an associated liability . The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis
that reflects the right s and obligations that the Group has ret ained.
Continuing involvement that t akes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
repay.
Impairment of financial asset s
In accordance with IND AS 109, the Group applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurement and recognition
of impairment loss on the following financial asset and credit risk exposure
- Financial asset s measured at amortised cost;
- Financial asset s measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVT OCI);
- Trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset that result from transactions that are
within the scope of Ind AS 115;
- Loan commitment s which are not measured as at FVTPL;
- Financial guarantee contract s which are not measured as at FVTPL
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash
flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected
cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancement s that are integral to the
contractual terms.
ECLs are recognised in two st ages. For recognition of imp airment loss on financial asset s other than mentioned below
and risk exposure, the Group determines that whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly , 12-month ECL is used to provide for imp airment loss. For those
credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a
lifetime ECL).
If, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves such that there is no longer a significant increase in
credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity revert s to recognising imp airment loss allowance based on 12-month
ECL.
The Group follows “simplified approach” for recognition of imp airment loss allowance on:
- Trade receivables or contract revenue receivables;
- All lease receivables resulting from the transactions within the scope of Ind AS 116 -Leases
Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk. Rather , it recognized imp airment loss
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from it s initial recognition. The Group uses a provision
matrix to determine imp airment loss allowance on the port folio of trade receivables. The provision matrix is based on it s
historically observed default rates over the expected life of trade receivable and is adjusted for forward looking estimates.
At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward looking estimates
are analyzed.
ECL imp airment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised during the period is recognised as income/ expense in the
statement of profit and loss. The balance sheet present ation for various financial instrument s is described below:
(a) Financial asset s measured as at amortised cost, contractual revenue receivables and lease receivables : ECL is
presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral p art of the measurement of those asset s in the balance sheet. The
allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset meet s write-off criteria, the Group does not reduce imp airment
allowance from the gross carrying amount.
(b) Loan commitments and financial guarantee contract s: ECL is presented as a provision in the balance sheet, i.e. as a
liability.
(c) Debt instruments measured at FVT OCI: For debt instrument s measured at FVT OCI, the expected credit losses do not
reduce the carrying amount in the balance sheet, which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance
that would arise if the asset was measured at amortised cost is recognised in other comprehensive income as the
accumulated imp airment amount.
(ii) Financial Liabilities:
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
borrowings, and payables, net of directly attribut able transaction costs. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair
value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and p ayables, net of directly attribut able transaction cost s. The Group
financial liabilities include loans and borrowings, trade payables, trade deposits, retention money, liabilities towards services,
sales incentive and other p ayables.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial liabilities are classified in two categories:
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 198]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
195
(ii) Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for
trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative
financial instrument s entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instrument s in hedge relationship as
defined by Ind AS 109. The separated embedded derivate are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated
as effective hedging instrument s.
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the st atement of profit and loss.
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated as such at the
initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in IND AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value
gains/ losses attribut able to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/ loss are not subsequently
transferred to profit and loss. However, the Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity . All other changes
in fair value of such liability are recognised in the st atement of profit or loss. The Group has not designated any financial
liability as at fair value through profit and loss.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost (Loans and borrowings)
After initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the Ef fective
interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
through the Effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by t aking into account any discount
or premium on acquisition and fees or cost s that are an integral p art of the Ef fective interest rate. The Effective interest
rate amortisation is included as finance cost s in the st atement of profit and loss.
Trade Payables
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year which
are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually p ayable basis varying trade term. Trade and other p ayables are
presented as current liabilities unless p ayment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised
initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using Ef fective interest rate method.
Financial Guarantee Contract s:
Financial guarantee contract s issued by the Group are those contracts that requires payment to be made to reimburse the
holders for a loss it incurs because the specified debtors fail to make a p ayment when due in accordance with the term of
debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contract s are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction cost that are
directly attributed to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently , the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of
loss allowance determined as per impairment requirement of IND AS 109 or the amount recognised less, when appropriate,
the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with principles of IND AS 115.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an
existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on subst antially different terms, or the terms of an
existing liability are subst antially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original
liability and the recognition of a new liability . The dif ference in the respective carrying amount s is recognised in the
statement of profit and loss.
Offsetting of financial instrument s
Financials asset s and financial liabilities are of fset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a
currently enforceable legal right to of fset the recognised amount s and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to
realise the asset s and settle the liabilities simult aneously.
Reclassification of financial asset s/ financial liabilities
The Group determines classification of financial asset s and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial recognition, no
reclassification is made for financial asset s which are equity instrument s and financial liabilities. For financial asset s
which are debt instrument s, a reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those
assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. The Group’ s senior management determines
change in the business model as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Group’ s operations.
Such changes are evident to external p arties. A change in the business model occurs when the Group either begins or
ceases to perform an activity that is significant to it s operations. If the Group reclassifies financial asset s, it applies the
reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period
following the change in business model. The Group does not rest ate any previously recognised gains, losses (including
impairment gains or losses) or interest.
2.13) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (PPE)
Fixed asset s are st ated at original cost net of t ax/duty credit availed, if any , less accumulated depreciation and cumulative
impairment and those which have been revaluated are stated at the values determined by the values less accumulated depreciation
and cumulative imp airment. Cost of acquisition is inclusive of freight and other incident al expenses and interest on loan t aken
for the acquisition of qualifying asset s up to the date of commissioning of asset s.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 199]
196
Subsequent expenditure related to PPE is capit alized only when it is probable that future economic benefit s associated with
these will flow to the group and cost of the item can be measured reliably . All other expenses on existing fixed asset s, including
day to day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing parts, are charged to the statement of profit and loss for the
period during which such expenses are incurred.
Gain or losses arising from de-recognition of fixed asset s are measured as the dif ference between the net disposable proceeds
and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the st atement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognized.
The exchange dif ferences arising on reporting of long term foreign currency monet ary items at rates dif ferent from those at
which they were initially recorded during the period, or reported in previous financial st atements, in so far as they relate to the
acquisition of a depreciable capit al asset, have been added to or deducted from the cost of the asset and shall be depreciated
over the balance useful life of the asset.
Die Tooling, developed in-house, includes cost of material and other direct/ incident al expense on in-house development.
Tangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of the balance Sheet are disclosed as “capit al work in progress”.
DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION ON TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS
Depreciation is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over useful life. The depreciable amount of an
asset is the cost of an asset or other amount substituted for cost, less it s residual value.
A. OWNED ASSETS
(i) Pursuant to applicability of Schedule II, of Comp anies Act 2013, with ef fect from 1 st April 2014, Management has
reassessed the useful life of tangible assets based on the internal and external technical evaluation. The Depreciation
on fixed asset s is provided on straight line method in accordance with applicable Schedule of the Comp anies Act,
2013.
(ii) Depreciation for addition to/ deductions from, owned asset s is calculated on pro-rat a basis from the date of such
addition or , as the case may be, up to the date on which such asset has been sold, discarded, demolished or
destroyed.
(iii) Residual values of asset s have been considered at 5% of the original cost of the asset s.
(iv) Difference of Exchange Rate fluctuation on imported plant and machineries procured out of long term foreign
currency loans is amortized over the residual life of relevant plant and machineries.
(v) The depreciation calculation is based on the balance useful lives of asset s and shif t working. Depreciation on
assets used on double shif t basis have been increased by 50% for that period and depreciation on asset s used in
triple shift basis have been increased by 100% for that period, except for asset s in respect of which no extra shif t
depreciation is permitted (indicated by NESD in Part C of the schedule).
(vi) The estimated useful lives for the categories of property , plant and equipment are:
Particulars Estimated useful life (years)
Buildings 30-60 Years
Plant and machinery 15-28 Years
Furniture and fixtures 3-10 Years
Office Equipment 3-10 Years
Vehicles 5-8 Years
B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND AMORTIZATION
Intangible asset s are st ated at original cost net of t ax/duty credit availed, if any , less accumulated amortization and
cumulative impairment. Intangible assets are recognized when it is probable that the future economic benefits are attributable
to the asset will flow to the enterprise and the cost of asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets are amortized over
their estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of an identifiable int angible asset is based on number of factors
including the ef fects of obsolescence etc.
Intangible Assets not ready for the intended use on the date of balance sheet are disclosed as “int angible asset s under
development”
2.14) Investment Properties
Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction cost s. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment
properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated imp airment loss, if any. The cost includes the cost
of replacing p arts and borrowing cost s for long-term construction project s if the recognition criteria are met. When significant
parts of the investment property are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group depreciates them sep arately based on their
specific useful lives. All other repair and maintenance cost s are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The Group depreciates
building on a straight line basis over a period of 30 years from the date of original purchase.
Though the Group measures investment property using cost based measurement, the fair value of investment property is
disclosed in notes. Fair values are determined based on an annual evaluation performed by an accredited external independent
valuer applying a valuation model recommended by the international valuation st andards committee.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 200]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
197
Investment properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from
use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss in the period of derecognition.
Transfers are made to (or from) investment properties only when there is a change in use. Transfer between investment property
and owner occupied property do not change the carrying amount of the property transferred and they do not change the cost of
that property for measurement or disclosure purpose.
2.15) BORROWINGS
Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction cost s incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
amortized cost. Any dif ference between the proceeds (net of transaction cost s) and the redemption amount is recognized in
profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the ef fective interest method. Fees p aid on the est ablishment of loan
facilities are recognized as transaction cost s of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that
some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capit alized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized over the
period of the facility to which it relates. Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the
contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
extinguished or transferred to another p arty and the consideration p aid, including any non-cash asset s transferred or liabilities
assumed, is recognized in profit or loss as other income or finance cost s.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for
at least 12 months af ter the reporting period.
2.16) BORROWING COST
Borrowing cost includes interest and other cost s incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and charged to S tatement of
Profit & Loss on the basis of ef fective interest rate (EIR) method. Borrowing cost also includes exchange dif ferences to the
extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily t akes a substantial
period of time to get ready for it s intended use or sale are capit alized as p art of the cost of the respective asset. All other
borrowing costs are recognized as expense in the period in which they occur .
2.17) PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a p ast event, it is
probable that the group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, t aking into account the risks and uncert ainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is
measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, it s carrying amount is the present value of those cash
flows (when the ef fect of the time value of money is material).
When some or all of the economic benefit s required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third p arty, a
receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually cert ain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable
can be measured reliably .
Contingent Liabilites
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from p ast events whose existence will be confirmed
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncert ain future event s not wholly within the control of the Group or a
present obligation that arises from p ast events where it is not probable that an out flow of resources will be required to settle the
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because
it cannot be measured reliably .
2.18) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Short-term obligations
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monet ary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months af ter
the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up to
the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amount s expected to be p aid when the liabilities are settled. The
liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.
Provident Fund & Employee S tate Insurance
Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined contribution scheme. The Group has no obligation, other than the
contribution p ayable to the provident fund. The Group recognises contribution p ayable through provident fund scheme as an
expense, when an employee renders the related services. If the contribution p ayable to scheme for service received before the
balance sheet date exceeds the contribution already p aid, the deficit p ayable to the scheme is recognised as liability af ter
deducting the contribution already p aid. If the contribution already p aid exceeds the contribution due for services received
before the balance sheet date, then excesses recognised as an asset to the extent that the prep ayment will lead to, for example,
a reduction in future p ayment or a cash refund.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 201]
198
Gratuity
The Employee’s Gratuity Fund Scheme, which is defined benefit plan, is managed by Trust with its investments maintained with
Life Insurance Corporation of India. The liabilities with respect to Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on projected
unit credit method on the balance sheet date, based upon which the Group contributes to the Gratuity Scheme. The difference,
if any, between the actuarial valuation of the gratuity of employees at the year end and the balance of funds is provided for as
assets/ (liability) in the books. Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
The Group recognizes the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under Employee benefit expense in st atement
of profit or loss:
a) Service cost s comprising current service cost s, p ast-service cost s, gains and losses on curt ailments and non-routine
settlement s.
b) Net interest expense or income.
Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the ef fect of the asset ceiling, excluding amount included in net
interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan asset s (excluding amount s included in net interest on the net
defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in the Balance Sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to ret ained
earnings through other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur . Re measurements are not reclassified to profit
or loss in subsequent periods.
Compensated Absences
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the end of the year
are treated as short term employee benefit s. The obligation towards the same is measured at the expected cost of accumulating
compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be p aid as a result of the unused entitlement as at the year end.
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from the end of the
year are treated as other long term employee benefit s. The Group’s liability is actuarially determined (using the Projected Unit
Credit method) at the end of each year . The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the
estimated future cash out flows using interest rates of government bonds. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Past-service
costs are recognized immediately in profit or loss.
Other Long term incentive plan – Employee stock option plan
The Group provides long term incentive plan to employees via equity settled share based p ayments. The cost of equity-settled
transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model. That cost
is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in employee stock option reserves in other equity , over the period in which
the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefit s expense.
The amount recognised as expense is based on the estimate of the number of awards for which the related service and non-
market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the
number of awards that do meet the related service and non-market vesting conditions at the vesting date. For share-based
payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the share-based p ayment is measured to reflect such
conditions and there is no true-up for dif ferences between expected and actual outcomes.
2.19) Foreign Currency Translation
i) Functional and Present ation currency
The functional currency of the Group is Indian Rupee. These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (rounded
off to lakhs).
ii) Transaction and balances
The foreign currency transactions are recorded, on initial recognition in the functional currency , by applying to the foreign
currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the
transaction.
The foreign currency monet ary items are translated using the closing rate at the end of each reporting period. Non-
monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency shall be translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange dif ferences arising on the settlement of monet ary items or on translating
monetary items at rates dif ferent from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in
previous financial st atements shall be recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
(iii) Exchange differences
Foreign exchange dif ferences recorded as an adjustment to borrowing cost s are presented in the st atement of profit and
loss, within finance cost. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the st atement of profit and loss on
net basis.
2.20) SEGMENT REPORTING
The Group deals in only one business segment of manufacturing and sale of auto ancillary equipment’ s and the chief operating
decision maker (CODM) reviews the operations of the Group as a whole, hence there is no report able segments as per Ind AS
108 “Operating Segment s”. The management considers that the various goods and services provided by the Group constitutes
single business segment, since the risk and rewards from these services are not dif ferent from one another .
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 202]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
199
2.21) EARNING PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the year attribut able to equity shareholders (af ter
deducting attribut able taxes and dividend on cumulative preference shares for the year) by the weighted average number of
equity shares outstanding during the year. Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent that
they were entitled to p articipate in dividends relative to a fully p aid equity share during the reporting period. The weighted
average number of equity shares out standing during the period is adjusted for event of bonus issue/right issue etc.; bonus
element in a right s issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation of shares).
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attribut able to equity shareholders
and the weighted average number of shares out standing during the period are adjusted for the ef fects of all dilutive potential
equity shares.
2.22) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS, ESTIMA TES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions
that af fect the reported amount s of revenues, expenses, asset s and liabilities, and the accomp anying disclosures, and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncert ainty about these judgement s, assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes
that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability af fected in future periods.
A) Group as a leases
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an
option to extend the lease if it is reasonably cert ain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the
lease, if it is reasonably cert ain not to be exercised.
The Group has lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in evaluating
whether it is reasonably cert ain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it considers
all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the
commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumst ances that
is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction
of significant leasehold improvement s or significant customization to the leased asset).
B) Taxes
Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpret ation of tax regulations, changes in t ax laws, and the amount and timing of
future taxable income. Given the wide range of business relationship s differences arising between the actual result s and
the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessit ate future adjustment s to tax income and
expense already recorded. The Group est ablishes provisions, based on reasonable estimates. The amount of such
provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous t ax audit s and dif fering interpret ations of t ax
regulations by the t axable entity and the responsible t ax authority.
C) Defined benefit s Plan
The cost of the defined benefit plan and other post-employment benefit s and the present value of such obligation are
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may dif fer from
actual development s in future. These includes the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mort ality
rates and attrition rate. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and it s long-term nature, a defined benefit
obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
D) Fair value measurement of financial instrument
When the fair values of financial asset s and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based
on quoted prices in active market s, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the Discounted Cash
Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are t aken from observable market s where possible, but where this is not
feasible, a degree of judgment is required in est ablishing fair values. Judgment s include considerations of input s such as
liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility . Changes in assumptions about these factors could af fect the reported fair value of
financial instrument s.
E) Impairment of financial asset s
The impairment provisions of financial asset s are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates.
The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the input s to the impairment calculation, based on
Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
F) Impairment of non-financial asset s
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be imp aired. If any indication
exists, or when annual imp airment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’ s recoverable amount.
An asset s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’ s CGU’S fair value less cost of disposal and it s value in use.
Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds it s recoverable amount, the asset is considered imp aired and is
written down to it s recoverable amount.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are estimated based on p ast trend and discounted to their
present value using a pre-t ax discount rate that reflect s current market assessment s of the time value of money and the
risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less cost s of disposal, recent market transactions are t aken into
account. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used. These calculations are
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other fair value indicators.
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.

[page 203]
200
The Group assesses where climate risks could have a significant imp act, such as the introduction of emission-reduction
legislation that may increase manufacturing cost s. These risks in relation to climate-related matters are included as key
assumptions where they materially imp act the measure of recoverable amount, these assumptions have been included in
the cash-flow forecast s in assessing value-in-use amount s.
G) Provision for warranty
Provisions for warranties is measured at discounted present value using pre-t ax discount rate that reflect s the current
market assessment s of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability . Warranty provisions is determined
based on the historical percent age of warranty expense to sales for the same types of goods for which the warranty is
currently being determined. The same percent age to the sales is applied for the current accounting period to derive the
warranty expense to be accrued. It is very unlikely that actual warranty claims will exactly match the historical warranty
percentage, so such estimates are reviewed annually for any material changes in assumptions and likelihood of occurrence.
H) Provision for expected credit losses (ECL) of trade receivables
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days p ast
due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, customer
type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance). The provision matrix is initially
based on the Group’ s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit
loss experience with forward-looking information. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
and changes in the forward looking estimates are analyzed.
The assessment of the correlation between historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumst ances and of forecast economic conditions.
The Group’ s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be represent ative of
customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’ s trade receivables and contract
assets is disclosed in Notes.
I) Property, Plant and Equipment, investment properties and int angible assets
Property, Plant and Equipment, investment property , and intangible assets represent significant portion of the asset base
of the Group. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived af ter determining an estimate of asset s expected
useful life and expected value at the end of it s useful life. The useful life and residual value of Group’ s asset s are
determined by Management at the time asset is acquired and reviewed periodically including at the end of each year . The
useful life is based on historical experience with similar asset s in anticipation of future event s, which may have imp act on
their life such as change in technology .
J) Leases - Estimating the increment al borrowing rate
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses it s incremental borrowing rate
(IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to p ay to borrow over a similar
term, and with a similar security , the funds necessary to obt ain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a
similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflect s what the Group ‘would have to p ay’, which requires estimation
when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when
they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable
inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make cert ain entity-specific estimates.
K) Revenue from contract s with customers
The Group applies the judgement s in respect to transactions relating to tooling development, Princip al versus agent
consideration that significant financing component in a contract that significantly af fect the determination of the amount
and timing of revenue from contract s with customers.
AUDITORS’ REPORT
Certified in terms of our sep arate report of even date annexed.
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Notes on Consolidated Financial Statement for the year ended 31st March 2025.
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 204]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
201
Note-3 Property, Plant and Equipment
Particulars Freehold Leasehold Building Office Furniture Plant and Vehicle Total
land Land equipment s and fixtures machinery
Gross Carrying V alue
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  12,459.42  1,207.17  37,151.02  1,344.41  5,229.22  1,56,693.59  1,959.55  2,16,044.38
Additions  -  -  5,901.52  262.31  206.99  13,462.93  128.21  19,961.96
Addition on account of Acquisition  1,095.45  -  5,791.03  -  1,970.82  44,048.46  6.00  52,911.76
Disposals  -  -  (2.85)  -  -  (372.98)  (16.64)  (392.46)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  13,554.87  1,207.17  48,840.73  1,606.72  7,407.03  2,13,832.01  2,077.12  2,88,525.64
Additions  -  -  819.02  105.48  195.11  27,291.00  291.65  28,702.25
Disposals  (842.75)  -  -  (8.14)  (98.52)  (3,926.08)  (70.14)  (4,945.64)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  12,712.12  1,207.17  49,659.74  1,704.06  7,503.61  2,37,196.93  2,298.62  3,12,282.25
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  -  200.16  8,830.40  1,054.57  4,437.90  65,235.35  1,561.20  81,319.58
Addition on account of Acquisition  -  -  2,451.63  -  1,876.14  31,474.94  5.74  35,808.45
Additions  -  12.06  1,147.79  139.12  220.84  7,329.47  130.54  8,979.82
Disposals  -  -  (0.82)  (0.87)  -  (154.08)  (13.38)  (169.15)
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  -  212.22  12,429.00  1,192.82  6,534.88  1,03,885.68  1,684.10  1,25,938.70
Additions  -  12.06  1,568.15  136.65  197.97  9,056.05  105.02  11,075.90
Disposals  -  -  -  (6.99)  (93.29)  (2,633.09)  (67.56)  (2,800.93)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  -  224.28  13,997.15  1,322.47  6,639.57  1,10,308.64  1,721.56  1,34,213.67
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  12,459.42  1,007.01  28,320.62  289.84  791.32  91,458.24  398.35  1,34,724.80
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  13,554.87  994.95  36,411.73  413.90  872.15  1,09,946.33  393.02  1,62,586.95
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  12,712.12  982.89  35,662.59  381.59  864.04  1,26,888.29  577.06  1,78,068.58
Notes:
1) The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Comp any is the lessee and the lease agreement s are
duly executed in favour of the lessee), as disclosed in Note 3 on Property , plant and equipment and Note 5 on Other Int angible Assets
to the financial st atements, are held in the name of the Comp any. However land lying in the books of the subsidiary comp any (“AACL”)
that was transferred by virtue of the demerger scheme of Asia Motor W orks Limited (“AMWL”) is not yet registered in the name of the
subsidiary comp any.
2) Land for Oragadam plant in Chennai is obt ained on 99 years of lease basis from S tate Industrial Promotion corporation of Tamilnadu
Limited(SIPCOT), a Government of Tamilnadu enterprises. The total cost of Lease hold land got p aid upfornt and is being amortised
over a period of 99 years. Accordingly a sum of Rs. 12.06 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 12.06 Lacs) is amortised during the period.
3) There is no change in the carrying value of Assets on the account of Revaluation of Assets.
4) Capital expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Plant & Machinery R & D  1,672.59  572.13  804.87  -  575.31  134.22
Data Processing Equipment s-R&D  -  -  40.90  15.59  62.12  -
Die Tooling (R&D)  918.16  -  218.48  -  583.41  -
Total  2,590.74  572.13  1,064.24 15.59 1220.84 134.22
Less: Transfer/adjustment s  -  -  -  -  -
Total R&D Capit al Expenditure  2,590.74  572.13  1,064.24  15.59  1,220.84  134.22
5) Revenue expenditure incurred on R & D Centre
Particular FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana Dappar Mehsana
Salaries, Wages And Other Allowances  1,307.01  439.57  1,243.63  357.60  833.78  260.55
Power & Fuel  19.91  1.45  111.87  4.77  18.43  1.32
Travelling And Conveyance  83.72  16.86  19.51  1.50  30.76  4.64
Total R&D Revenue Expenditure  1,410.64  457.88  1,375.01  363.87  882.97  266.51
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 205]
202
Leases  As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
a) Not later than one year  12.06  12.06
b) Later than one year but not later than five years  48.24  48.24
c) Later than five years  922.59  934.65
d) The company has used deemed cost exemption under Ind AS 101
as on the date of transition to Ind AS.
Note-4 Capit al Work-in-Progress
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  16,336.48
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  36,255.68
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  28,776.58
Notes:
I) Ageing of Capit al work in Progress is as below:
Balance as at 31st March, 2025
Particulars Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 year 3 Years
Capital work in Progress  21,214.60  5,890.78 -  1,671.20  28,776.58
Balance as at 31st March, 2024
Particulars Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 year 3 Years
Capital work in Progress  33,005.84  1,578.64 -  1,671.20  36,255.68
II) CWIP of Rs.1671.20 Lacs shown more than 3 years as on 31st March, 2025 are the balances of subsidiary company AACL acquired during
FY 2023-24 on the account of order issued by the Hon’ble National Comp any Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), Ahmedabad Bench approving the
resolution plan submitted by the Parent company Steel Strips Wheels Limited under section 31 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
III) There are no project s lying in Capit al work in progress which have been exceeded from it s timeline of completion.
IV) There are no project s which have been suspended during the year .
Note-5 Other Int angible Assets
Particulars Amount
Gross Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  444.92
Additions  76.71
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  521.63
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  521.63
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  425.37
Additions  4.10
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  429.47
Additions  14.58
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  444.05
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  19.55
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  92.16
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  77.58
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 206]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
203
Note-5(a) Right to Use Asset And Lease Liabilites
Particulars Amount
Gross Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  129.82
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  129.82
Additions  -
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  129.82
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  17.24
Additions  11.39
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  28.63
Additions  11.39
Disposals  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  40.02
Net carrying amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2023  112.58
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  101.19
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  89.80
The movement in lease liabilities is as follows
Particulars As at As at
31 March 2025 31 March 2024
Balance at the beginning  45.32  68.14
Addition during the year
Deletion during the year
Finance cost accrued during the year  4.53  6.81
Payment of lease liabilities  (29.64) (29.64)
Balance at the end  20.21  45.31
Current maturities of lease liabilities  20.21  25.10
Non-current lease liabilities  -  20.21
Amount recognised in the st atement of Profit and loss during the year:
Particulars As at As at
31 March 2025 31 March 2024
Depreciation charge of right of use asset s  11.39  11.39
Finance cost incurred during the year  4.53  6.81
Total 15.92  18.20
Notes:
I) The weighted average increment al borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 9.00% - 10.00%
II) The Group does not face significant liquidity risk with regard to it s lease liabilities as the current are suf ficient to meet the obligation
related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 207]
204
Note 6. Non-current investment s
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A. Investment in Associates
Unquoted equity investment s valued at cost (unless otherwise st ated)
Investment in Associates
57,151 (Previous year 24,959) Equity Shares of Face V alue of Rs.10 Each of Clean 1,029.40  350.22
Max Astria Pvt Limited*
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub total (A)  1,029.40  350.22
===========================================================================
B. Others
Unquoted equity investment s valued at cost (unless otherwise st ated)
Investment in Equity Shares
1,12,500 (Previous year 1,12,500) Equity Shares of  11.25  11.25
Rs. 10/- each of Nimbua Greenfield (Punjab) Limited.
81,534(Previous year 81,534) equity shares of  8.15  8.15
Rs. 10/- Each of Echanda Urja Pvt. Limited.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub total (B)  19.40  19.40
===========================================================================
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Grand Total  1,048.80  369.62
===========================================================================
Aggregate amount of quoted investment s  -  -
Aggregate amount of Un-quoted investment s  1,048.80  369.62
Notes:
I) * During the financial year 2024-25, the Comp any has entered into the Supplement ary Shareholders Agreement on 10.09.2024 with
Clean Max Astria private Limited (CMAPL), Associate Company for further investing an amount of Rs. 693.10 Lacs in CMAPL  by way of
subscription of equity shares through right issue. W ith this additional investment, tot al amount invested in the CMAPL  is Rs.1089.1 1
Lacs ( holding 57,151 shares which represent s 26% of the total share capital of CMAPL). As the Company has significant influence, the
investment has been accounted as investment in associate as per Ind AS 28 - Investment s in associates and joint ventures.
II) The group has identified the investment s where indicators of imp airment exist s and performed an imp airment assessment on those
nvestments as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 to ascertain the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined based
on value in use calculation. The group adjust s the carrying value of the investment for the consequential imp airment loss, if any . Refer
Note 52 (C).
Note 7. Loans
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Advance recoverable in cash or kind  35.00  35.00
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Advances( Other loan & advances)  35.00  35.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
1) The group has entered into an agreement for purchase of land admeasuring 304 kanals approx at village Bir Farozari, Distt. Panchkula,
at cost of Rs. 133.00 Lacs for setting up an auto component unit. Pending the same , the advance of Rs. 35.00 Lacs p aid by the group
has been shown as advances recoverable and being under legal suit, a provision for the same has been made.
Note:- 8. Other financial asset s (non-current)
Security deposit s  1,276.64  1,204.23
Income tax Refundable of earlier years  98.02  15.86
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,374.65  1,220.09
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 208]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
205
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 9. Other non-current asset s
Capital advances  2,772.54  7,148.65
Prepaid expenses  126.25  127.84
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,898.79  7,276.49
===========================================================================
Note:-10 Inventories
(Valued at cost, unless otherwise st ated)
a) Raw material
- Raw Material & Component s in hand  17,936.79  19,854.50
- Raw Material & Component s (in transit)  11,556.81  8,681.66
b) Work in Progress  8,410.52  8,310.95
c) Finished Goods  8,681.18  8,515.76
d) Stores & Spares  25,497.02  23,862.76
e) Scrap  2,193.87  469.57
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 74,276.19  69,695.20
===========================================================================
Note:- 11 Trade receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Unsecured, considered good  48,637.38  43,973.02
Unsecured, considered doubt ful  20.26  20.26
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 48,657.64  43,993.28
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Debtors  20.26  20.26
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 48,637.38  43,973.02
===========================================================================
Ageing Schedule of T rade Receivables is as below:
As at 31st March 2025
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 6 months 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than Total
6 months -1 year 3 Years
a) Undisputed Considered good  35,006.46  13,105.02  372.40  146.48  3.43  3.59  48,637.38
b) Undisputed Considered Doubt ful  -  -  -  -  -  20.26  20.26
c) Disputed Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
d) Disputed Considered Doubt ful  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total  35,006.46  13,105.02  372.40  146.48  3.43  23.85  48,657.64
As at 31st March 2024
Trade receivable Not Due Less than 6 months 1-2 Year 2-3 year More than Total
6 months -1 year 3 Years
a) Undisputed Considered good  33,850.48  9,874.39  171.39  67.74  9.02  -  43,973.02
b) Undisputed Considered Doubt ful - - - -  -  20.26  20.26
c) Disputed Considered good  - - - - - - -
d) Disputed Considered Doubt ful  -  -  -  -  - - -
Total  33,850.48  9,874.39  171.39  67.74  9.02 20.26  43,993.28
Notes:
I) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are usually on trade terms based on credit worthiness of customers as per the terms of
contract with customers.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 209]
206
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 12 Cash and bank balances
Balances with banks
-Current account  736.77  1,215.31
Cheques in hand  -  2,801.25
Cash in hand  7.47  13.44
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 744.24  4,030.00
===========================================================================
Notes:
I) There are no restrictions with regard to cash and bank balances as at the end of the reporting period and prior period
Note:- 13. Other Bank Balances
Current Account-Funds for CSR activities  -  20.89
Unpaid dividend account s  47.36  43.66
Fixed deposit s maturing within 12 months*  217.89  193.53
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 265.26  258.08
===========================================================================
Notes:
*Fixed deposit s with banks are held under lien against issuance of bank guarantees amounting to Rs.8.03 crores.
Note:- 14. Loans
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise st ated)
Advances Recoverable in Cash or in Kind (Short Term)  377.77  435.78
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 377.77  435.78
===========================================================================
Note:- 15. Other financial asset s
Interest Accrued But Not Received  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
Note:-16. Current/Non-current t ax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance Tax/ Tax Deducted at Source  347.50  28.11
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 347.50  28.11
===========================================================================
Note:-17. Other current asset s
Balance with S tatutory Authorities  324.67  375.04
GST/VAT Recoverable  2,378.13  2,378.13
Prepaid Expenses  205.35  180.40
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,908.15  2,933.57
Less :- Provisions for Doubt ful Advances  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,908.15  2,933.57
===========================================================================
Note:- 18 Equity Share Capit al
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
Authorised No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Re.1/-each  19,00,00,000  1,900.00  19,00,00,000  1,900.00
Preference shares of Rs. 145/- each Optionally Convertible 12,00,000  1,740.00  12,00,000  1,740.00
cumulative or Non Cumulative
Issued, Subscribed and Fully p aid up No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity Shares of Rs.1/- each  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,69,29,325  1,569.29
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 210]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
207
a) Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount out standing at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,65,13,200  1,565.13
Add: Issued during the year (Equity shares of Rs. 1/- each -  -  4,16,125  4.16
on 12.12.2023)
Equity shares at the end of the year  15,69,29,325  1,569.29  15,69,29,325  1,569.29
b) Rights,Preferences and restrictions att ached to shares
The Company has issued only one class of shares i.e. equity shares of face value (FV) Re. 1/- per share. Each equity shareholder is
entitled to one vote per share. All equity shares rank p ari passu and carry equal right s with respect to voting and dividend. The dividend
proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in the
case of interim dividend.
In the event of liquidation of the Comp any, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining asset s of the Company, after
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.Further,
the Company has not issued any preference shares until now .
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Parent Comp any
Particulars As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
No of shares % holding No of shares % holding
MR. DHEERAJ GARG  4,64,02,280  29.57  4,64,02,280  29.57
SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED  1,32,41,870  8.44  1,32,41,870  8.44
SAB UDYOG LIMITED  1,14,25,820  7.28  1,14,25,820  7.28
TATA STEEL LIMITED  1,08,69,720  6.93  1,08,69,720  6.93
SUMITOMO METAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED  85,00,000  5.42  85,00,000  5.42
d) Share Reserved for Issue under Options out standing as at the end of the year (refer note no. 47)
e) Details of Promoter ’s shareholding in the Comp any
S. Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. No. of shares % of total No. of shares % of total % change
(FV @RS. 1/- shares (FV @RS. 1/- shares during the
each) of the each) of the year*
Company Company
Individuals
1 DHEERAJ GARG  4,64,02,280  29.57  4,64,02,280  29.57  -
2 R K GARG  30,55,333  1.95  30,55,333  1.95  -
3 PRIYA GARG  8,45,620  0.54  7,92,620  0.51  0.03
4 SUNENA GARG  55,99,574  3.57  55,99,574  3.57  -
TOTAL (A)  5,59,02,807  35.62  5,58,49,807  35.60  0.03
Promoter Body Corporate
1 SAB INDUSTRIES LIMITED  1,32,41,870.00  8.44  1,32,41,870  8.44  -
2 SAB UDYOG LIMITED  1,14,25,820.00  7.28  1,14,25,820  7.28  -
3 CHANDIGARH DEVELOPERS PRIV ATE LTD  60,47,935.00  3.85  56,91,320  3.63  0.23
4 DHG MARKETING PRIV ATE LTD  50,10,940.00  3.19  50,10,940  3.19  -
5 MALWA CHEMTEX UDYOG LTD  38,50,000.00  2.45  38,50,000  2.45  -
6 CHANDIGARH AIRCRAFT MANAGEMENT 3,64,080.00  0.23  3,64,080  0.23  -
SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
7 STEEL STRIPS FINANCIERS PVT  LTD  2,00,000.00  0.13  2,00,000  0.13  -
8 MUNAK INTERNATIONAL PVT LTD  22,500.00  0.01  22,500  0.01  -
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 211]
208
S. Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. No. of shares % of total No. of shares % of total % change
(FV @RS. 1/- shares (FV @RS. 1/- shares during the
each) of the each) of the year*
Company Company
9 S S CREDITS (P) L TD  16,000.00  0.01  16,000  0.01  -
10 S J MERCANTILE PVT . LIMITED  12,000.00  0.01  12,000  0.01  -
11 MALWA HOLDINGS (P) L TD  4,000.00  0.00  4,000  0.00  -
12 MUNAK INVESTMENTS (P) L TD  4,000.00  0.00  4,000  0.00  -
13 STEEL STRIPS HOLDINGS (P) L TD  1,200.00  0.00  1,200  0.00  -
14 INDIAN ACRYLICS LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
15 STEEL STRIPS INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
16 INDLON CHEMICALS LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
17 SAB DEVELOPERS PRIV ATE LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
18 STEEL STRIPS MERCANTILE PRIV ATE LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
19 INDIAN ACRYLICS INVESTMENTS LIMITED  -  -  -  -  -
20 STEEL STRIPS INDUSTRIES LIMTED  -  -  -  -  -
21 HANSRAJ TRUST (R K GARG)  -  -  -  -  -
22 R.K. GARG AND SONS HUF (R K GARG)  -  -  -  -  -
23 MUNAK FINANCIERS PVT  LTD*  -  -  4,000  0.00  (0.00)
TOTAL (B)  4,02,00,345  25.62  3,98,47,730.00  25.39  0.23
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING (A+B)  9,61,03,152  61.24  9,56,97,537.00  60.99  0.26
Notes:
1. *Munak Financiers Pvt. Lt d have originally sold 400 equity shares(af ter sub-division 2022: 4000 equity shares) long back, but not yet
lodged by the purchasers in public category with the Comp any. Pursuant to the provisions of section 124 of the Comp anies Act, 2013,
during the FY 2024-25 these shares were transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) as dividend on these shares
remained unclaimed for seven consecutive years.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 19 Other Equity
Reserves & Surplus
Share Forfeiture Reserve  2,237.85  2,237.85
Assistance under P ATSER Scheme  50.00  50.00
Capital Subsidy  27.95  27.95
Capital Revaluation Reserve  8,764.53  8,764.53
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
11,080.33  11,080.33
===========================================================================
Securities Premium Reserve
Opening Balance  32,301.82  13,917.44
Addition on Allotment  -  79.06
Addition on issue of shares under ESOP  -  598.14
Addition on account of Acquisition  -  17,707.18
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Balance  32,301.82  32,301.82
===========================================================================
Share Options Out standing Reserve
Opening Balance  289.26  433.05
Addition Employees stock option scheme expense  462.86  474.33
Less: Exercise and Forfeit of employees stock option  -  (618.12)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Balance  752.12  289.26
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 212]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
209
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
General Reserves
Opening Balance  93,219.13  73,819.75
Add : Additions during the year  67,468.46  19,379.40
Transfer on forfeiture  -  19.98
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance as at the year end  1,60,687.59  93,219.13
===========================================================================
Retained Earnings
Opening Balance  5,763.84  16,139.49
Opening Balances of Subsidiary acquired  -  (93,464.58)
Add Profit for the year  19,528.48  67,468.46
Add Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans, net of t ax  (77.70)  113.66
Less Dividend p aid (including t ax thereon)  1,569.29  1,565.13
Addition on account of Acquisition (Refer Note 53 B)  -  36,451.33
Less Transfer to General Reserves  67,468.46  19,379.40
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance as at the year end  (43,823.14)  5,763.84
===========================================================================
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total  1,60,998.72  1,42,654.38
===========================================================================
Nature and purpose of Reserves
(i) Securities premium
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for limited purposes in accordance
with the provisions of the Comp anies Act, 2013.
(ii) Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profit s that the Comp any has earned/incurred till date, less any transfers to general reserve, dividends or
other distributions p aid to shareholders Ret ained earnings include re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined benefit plans, net of t axes
that will not be reclassified to S tatement of Profit and Loss.
(iii) Share Options Out standing reserve
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under Employee
stock option plan.
(iv) General Reserve
Under the erstwhile Companies Act 1956, general reserve was created through an annual transfer of net income at a specified percentage
in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in a given year is
more than 10% of the p aid-up capit al of the p arent Comp any for that year , then the tot al dividend distribution is less than the tot al
distributable results for that year. Consequent to introduction of Comp anies Act 2013, the requirement to mandatorily transfer a specified
percentage of the net profit to general reserve has been withdrawn. However , the amount previously transferred to the general reserve
can be utilised only in accordance with the specific requirement s of Companies Act, 2013.
(v) Capital revaluation reserve
Cumulative gains and losses arising on revaluation of Fixed asset s measured at market value are recognised in capit al revaluation
reserve. The reserve balance represent s such changes recognised net of amount s reclassified to ret ained earnings on disposal of such
assets.
(vi) Equity instrument s through other comprehensive income
The Comp any has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of cert ain investment s in equity securities in other comprehensive
income. These changes are accumulated within the Equity instrument through other comprehensive income reserve within ret ained
earnings.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 213]
210
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 20 Non-current Borrowings
(Refer note No: 46)
Secured
Rupee Term loans from banks  26,669.21  35,262.26
Foreign Currency Term Loans  1,192.94  2,874.31
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 27,862.15  38,136.57
===========================================================================
Note:-21 Other Financial Liabilities
Payables for Capit al Goods - Long Term  1,954.68  1,931.87
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,954.68  1,931.87
===========================================================================
Note:- 21(a) Lease Liability
Lease Liability  -  20.20
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  20.20
===========================================================================
Note:- 22 Provisions
Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)  22.13  439.26
Provision for Leave Encashment  594.48  726.37
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 616.61  1,165.63
===========================================================================
Note:-23 Deferred t ax liabilities (net) (refer note 51)
Deferred tax liability arising on account of :
Depreciation and fixed asset s  9,828.59  10,084.25
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 9,828.59  10,084.25
===========================================================================
Note:-24 Current Borrowings
Secured
Loan repayable on demand
- Rupee demand Loans from Banks  18,307.20  28,411.69
Foreign Currency Loan
- Buyers/Suppliers Credit loan for Raw Material from Banks  17,291.28  16,685.14
Current maturities of long-term borrowings  9,246.43  10,554.78
Unsecured
From Banks 10,036.31  11,004.99
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 54,881.22  66,656.60
===========================================================================
Note:-24(a) Lease Liability
Current Maturities of Lease Liability  20.21  25.11
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 20.21  25.11
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 214]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
211
Nature of Securities
Loan payable on Demand
Notes:
I) 1st pari passu charge by way of hypothecation of entire current asset constituted of raw materials, stock in process, finished goods,
consumable stores, book debt s, bills whether document ary or clean out standing monies, receivables both present and future of the
company.
2nd pari-passu charge is on entire Fixed Assets of the comp any other than exclusively charged.
II) In pursuant to borrowing t aken by the group from banks on security of current asset s, the group comp anies incorporated in India are
required to submit the information periodically which includes the stock st atement, book debts statement, revenue, trade receivable and
trade payable etc. During the year the Group has filed quarterly returns or st atements with the banks in lieu of the sanctioned working
capital facilities, which are in agreement with the books of account s.
III) The Group do not have any charges or satisfaction of charges which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the st atutory period
IV) The Group has not made any default in the rep ayment of loans to banks and other financial institutions including interest thereon.
V) The term loans have been used for the purpose for which they were obtained and funds raised for a short term basis have not been used
for long term purposes.
Foreign Currency Loan
Buyer credit/RA Financing/Suppliers Credit loans are secured by way of lien on Non-Funds based W orking Capit al Limits and counter
indemnity of the group.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 25 Trade payables
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises  3,586.68  1,302.20
Others 71,714.60  58,693.68
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 75,301.28  59,995.88
===========================================================================
III) Ageing Schedule of T rade Payable is as below:
As at 31st March 2025
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 1-2 year  2-3 years  More than Total
1 year 3 years
Undisputed MSME  3,386.77  199.91  -  -  -  3,586.68
Undisputed others  66,463.76  5,245.87  -  -  4.97  71,714.60
Disputed MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disputed Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
As at 31st March 2024
Particulars  Not Due  Less than 1-2 year  2-3 years  More than Total
1 year 3 years
Undisputed MSME  1,227.33  74.87  -  -  -  1,302.20
Undisputed others  55,886.98  2,801.62  -  -  5.07  58,693.68
Disputed MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disputed Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 26 Other financial liabilities
Unclaimed dividend  47.36  43.65
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 47.36  43.65
===========================================================================
Notes:
I) Unpaid dividend account does not include any amount p ayable to Investor Education and Protection Fund which is due and unp aid.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 215]
212
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:-27. Current/Non-current t ax assets/ liabilities (net)
Advance income t ax (net of prov.)  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  -
===========================================================================
Note:- 28 Provisions
Provision for Employee benefit s
i) Provision for Gratuity (refer note 43)  523.51  483.34
ii) Provision for Leave Encashment  95.23  131.92
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 618.74  615.26
===========================================================================
Note:- 29 Other Current liabilities
Due to directors  834.17  904.18
Government dues  2,003.92  1,653.95
Other Payables  3,354.34  3,799.12
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 6,192.43  6,357.25
===========================================================================
Particulars For the Period Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 30 Revenue from operations
Operating revenues
Sale of product s
Export 56,117.09  63,411.84
Domestic 3,85,359.37  3,70,703.42
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 4,41,476.46  4,34,115.26
=====================================================================================
Other Operating revenue
Duty Draw back Income  1,169.70  1,361.72
Job Work Income  253.67  232.56
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1,423.37  1,594.28
=====================================================================================
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 4,42,899.83  4,35,709.54
=====================================================================================
Note:- 31 Other Income
Interest income  222.97  1,207.70
Profit on disposal of fixed asset s  -  115.29
Miscellaneous income  93.79  42.48
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 316.76  1,365.47
=====================================================================================
Note:- 32 Cost of materials consumed
Imported 46,285.44  43,418.17
Indigenous 2,41,523.24  2,42,013.72
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2,87,808.68  2,85,431.89
=====================================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 216]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
213
Particulars For the Period Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 33 Change in inventories of finished goods, stock in trade and work -in-progress
Opening stock
Finished Goods  8,515.76  8,703.48
Scrap 469.57  783.99
Work-in-Progress  8,310.95  5,982.11
Less: Closing S tock
Finished Goods  8,681.18  8,515.76
Scrap 2,193.87  469.57
Work-in-Progress  8,410.52  8,310.95
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (1,989.29)  (1,826.70)
=====================================================================================
Note:- 34. Employee benefit expense
Salaries, Wages, Bonus & Incentives etc.  34,173.26  31,947.63
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds  1,253.79  1,171.89
Workmen and S taff Welfare Expenses  1,545.21  1,528.79
Gratuity 551.61  680.15
Employee Stock Compensation Expense (refer note 47)  462.86  474.33
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 37,986.73  35,802.79
=====================================================================================
Note:- 35 Finance cost s
a) Interest Expenses
i) Paid to Banks
- on Term Loan  1,946.64  940.11
- on Working Capit al Loan  2,702.52  1,952.47
- on Foreign Currency Loan  265.28  409.29
- on Car Loan  -  -
ii) Interest Others  6,503.30  6,623.43
b) Other borrowing Charges  306.56  341.30
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 11,724.30  10,266.60
=====================================================================================
Note. 36 Depreciation and amortisation
Depreciation on
Property, Plant and Equipment /Int angible asset s  11,113.26  10,422.14
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 11,113.26  10,422.14
=====================================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 217]
214
Particulars For the Period Ended For the Year Ended
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Note:- 37 Other Expenses
Store Spares Consumed :
-Imported 1,982.27  3,381.94
-Indigenous 18,246.40  21,556.26
Other Misc. Manufacturing Exp  6,160.29  5,182.55
Power, Electricity & W ater Charges (Net)
-Manufacturing  12,728.32  12,589.00
-Others  65.96  11.91
Repair and Maintenance
-Plant & Machinery  5,685.52  844.42
-Repairs & Renewals  606.04  831.65
-Vehicle Running, Rep air & Maintenance  91.93  103.43
Rent  1,260.37  1,097.72
Rates and Taxes  167.72  191.53
Insurance 678.29  592.56
Auditors’ Remuneration  15.20  14.00
Advertisement, Publicity and Sales Promotion  0.63  0.19
Travel & Conveyance
-Directors  7.13  10.96
-Others  1,225.38  1,452.44
Legal & Professional Charges  1,550.99  2,038.65
Bad debts Written Off  0.99  0.33
Balances W ritten Back/ Of f (Net)  0.99  0.70
Director’s Sitting Fees  16.90  15.40
Loss on Sale of Assets  13.82  -
Telephone & Communication Expenses  53.82  54.05
Business Promotion  43.49  58.15
Forwarding Expenses  18,889.54  18,916.00
Loss/(Gain) on Foreign Exchange Fluctuation  -  125.79
Miscellaneous Expenses **  1,167.73  830.98
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total 70,659.72  69,900.61
=====================================================================================
** Miscellaneous Expenses includes expenses under the Corporate Social 569.04  388.36
responsibilities under Section 135 of Comp anies Act 2013(Refer Note no 45)
Note:- 38 Exceptional items
Exceptional income (Note I)  -  47,310.39
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 -  47,310.39
=====================================================================================
Notes
I) Exceptional income in the financial year 2023-24 is on the account of CIRP  proceedings & implement ation of resolution plan approved
by NCLT, Ahmedabad order dated 12.10.2023 under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 for the acquistion of subsidary comp any by
parent compamy. The said income is on account of written off and write back of book value of Assets and liabilities of subsidary comp any
in excess of the considertion p aid by parent company. Refer Note 53 (B)
Payment to Auditors
As Auditor:
Audit fee  9.00  9.00
Tax audit fee  3.00  3.00
Certificate Charges  3.20  2.00
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 15.20  14.00
=====================================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 218]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
215
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Note: 39 Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic
Net Profit as per profit and loss account  19,528.45  67,468.45
Weighted average number of equity shares out standing during the year  15,69,29,325  15,66,39,402
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earning per Share- Basic  12.44  43.07
===========================================================================
Diluted
Net Profit as per profit and loss account  19,528.45  67,468.45
Weighted average number of equity shares out standing during the year  15,76,28,512  15,68,97,544
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earning per Share- Diluted  12.39  43.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nominal Value of Equity Share  1.00  1.00
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:- 40 Contingent Liabilities ( To the Extent not provided for )
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
A) CONTINGENT LIABILITES
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Credit /Bank Guarantee Out standing for Import /Purchase of Raw materials, 9,201.74  4,832.83
Spares and Plant and Machinery
===========================================================================
B) COMMITMENTS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Estimated amount of Contract s remaining to be executed on account of capit al account 9,913.74  9,374.25
and not provided for ( net of advances)
===========================================================================
Note:- 41 Related p arty disclosure
1) Related Party Disclosure
a) Key Managerial Personnel Sh. Dheeraj Garg, Managing Director
Sh. Andra Veetil Unnikrishnan, Deputy Managing Director (till June 10, 2024)
Sh. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director (w .e.f August 29, 2024)
Sh. Manohar Lal Jain, Executive Director
Sh. Naveen Sorot, Chief Financial Of ficer
Sh. Shaman Jindal, Comp any Secretary (Till October 29, 2024)
Ms. Kanika Sapra, Comp any Secretary (w.e.f October 30, 2024)
b) Relatives of the KMP Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (Chairman; Non-Executive Director), Father of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Smt. Sunena Garg, Mother of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Ms. Priya Garg, Sister of Sh. Dheeraj Garg
Sh. Vinod Kumar Mitt al, Relative of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain
c) Non-Executive and Independent Directors Sh. Sanjay Garg, Non-Executive Non Independent Director
Sh. Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni, Nominee Director (T ATA Steel Limited)
Sh. Ajit Singh Chatha, Independent Director
Sh. Virander Kumar Arya, Independent Director
Sh. Shashi Bhushan Gupt a, Independent Director
Sh. Surinder Singh V irdi, Independent Director (till September 30, 2024)
Smt. Sukhvinder Khanna, Independent Director (w .e.f October 01, 2024)
Sh. Siddharth Bansal, Independent Director
Smt. Deva Bharathi Reddy , Independent Director
d) Relatives of Non-executive Director Smt. Shallu Garg, Wife of Sh. Sanjay Garg

[page 219]
216
e) Enterprises over which key management SAB Industries Limited, SAB Udyog Limited, Malwa Chemtex Udyog Lt d., Steel Strips
personnel (KMP) and their relatives are Financiers Pvt. Ltd., Munak International Pvt. Ltd., S.S. Credits Pvt. Ltd., S.J. Mercantile
able to exercise significant control Pvt. Ltd, Malwa Holdings Pvt. Lt d., Munak Investment Pvt. Lt d., Steel Strips Holding
Pvt. Lt d., Chandigarh Developers Pvt. Limited, DHG Marketing Pvt. Lt d , Munak
financiers P Ltd, Chandigarh Aircraft Management Services Pvt Limited, S teel Strips
Infrastructre Limited & Hans Raj Trust.
f) Associates Clean Max Astria Private Limited
2) Transactions with Related Parties during the year
Related Party T ransactions Key Relatives of Enterprises Associate  Total for Total for
management KMP/ Non- over which  current  Previous
Personnel Executive and KMP are Year Year
(KMP)   Independent able to 2024-25 2023-24
Directors/ exercise
Relatives of significant
Non-executive influences
Director
Contribution for CSR Activities  -  -  319.00  -  319.00  212.00
Rent Paid  -  -  17.02  -  17.02  67.07
Sitting Fee  -  16.90  -  -  16.90  15.40
Salary including commission  1,637.18  -  -  -  1,637.18  1,667.39
Employee stock compensation expense  -  -  -  -  -  124.91
Issue of Equity Shares including Premium  -  -  -  -  -  9.50
Dividend Paid  465.93  95.22  398.48  -  959.63  983.55
Purchase  -  -  -  504.70  504.70  239.20
Investment  -  -  -  693.10  693.10  -
 2,103.11  112.12  734.50  1,197.80  4,147.53  3,319.02
OUTSTANDING BALANCES Key Relatives of Enterprises Associate Total for Total for
management KMP/ Non- over which  Outstanding  Outstanding
Personnel Executive and KMP are as at 31st as at 31st
(KMP)   Independent able to March March
Directors/ exercise 2025 2024
Relatives of significant
Non-executive influences
Director
Payables  -  -  -  79.16  79.16  115.20
Salary including commission  851.51  -  -  -  851.51  913.38
 851.51  -  -  79.16  930.67  1,028.58
Notes:
I) The transactions with related p arties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’ s length transactions. Out standing
balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free. The settlement for these balances occurs through p ayment. The group has
not recorded any imp airment of receivables relating to amount s owed by related p arties for the year ended 31 March 2025 (31 March
2024: Nil). This assessment is undert aken each financial year through examining the financial position of the related p arty and the
market in which the related p arty operates.
2) There are no outstanding loans/advances in nature of loan to Promoters, Key Management Personnel, Director , and Related Party of the
group.
Note:- 42. Prior period comprises of the following
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Expenses
Sales tax demand  -  -
Freight and Others  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Total  -  -===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 220]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
217
Note:- 43. Post Retirement Benefit s Plans (Ind AS 19)
Defined Benefit Plan
The group provides for gratuity for employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in continuous service for a period
of 5 years are eligible for gratuity . The amount of gratuity p ayable on retirement/termination is the employees last drawn basic salary per
month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number of years of service. For the funded plan the group makes
contributions to recognised funds in India. The group does not fully fund the liability and maint ains a target level of funding to be maint ained
over a period of time based on estimations of expected gratuity p ayments.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(i) Changes in Defined Benefit Obligation
Present value obligation as at the st art of the year  3,186.56  2,747.80
Interest cost 213.18  198.94
Current service cost  503.86  484.85
Actuarial loss/(Gains) - Experience Changes  (61.59)  (155.53)
Actuarial loss / (Gains)- on obligations  -  -
Benefits directly p aid by employer  (64.74)  (42.85)
Benefits directly p aid by trust  (169.67)  (46.65)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Present value obligation as at the end of the year  3,607.60  3,186.56
===========================================================================
(ii) Change in fair value of plan asset s
Fair value of plan asset s as at the st art of the year  2,311.69  2,053.32
Interest income on plan asset s  154.65  148.66
Employer Contributions  750.00  160.00
Return on plan asset s greater/(lesser) than discount Rates  42.25  (3.64)
Benefits paid  (169.67)  (46.65)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fair value of plan asset s as at the end of the year  3,088.92  2,311.69
===========================================================================
(iii) Breakup of Actuarial gain/loss:
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from change in financial assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from experience adjustment  (61.59)  (155.53)
Return on plan asset s (greater)/less than discount rate  (42.25)  3.64
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (103.84)  (151.89)
===========================================================================
(iv) Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in the Balance Sheet
Present value obligation as at the end of the year  (3,607.60)  (3,186.56)
Fair value of plan asset s as at the end of the year  3,088.92  2,311.69
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Asset / (Liability) in the Balance Sheet  (518.67)  (874.87)
===========================================================================
(v) Amount recognized in the st atement of profit and loss
Current service cost  503.86  484.85
Interest cost  213.18  198.94
Interest income on plan asset s  (154.65)  (148.66)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Income)/Expense recognised in the st atement of profit and loss  562.39  535.13
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 221]
218
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(vi) Remeasurements recognised in the statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Changes in Financial Assumptions  -  -
Experience Adjustments  (61.59)  (155.53)
Return on plan asset s (greater)/less than discount rate  (42.25)  3.64
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income  103.84  151.89
===========================================================================
(vii) Actuarial assumptions
Discount Rate (p.a) 6.69% 7.24%
Salary Escalation Rate (p.a) 5.96% 6.25%
Attrition (At all ages) 10.00% 10.00%
Mortality Rate  Indian Assured Indian Assured
Lives Mortality Lives Mortality
(2012-14)  (2012-14)
(viii) Sensitivity analysis for gratuity liability
The sensitivity of the overall plan obligations to changes in the weighted
key assumptions are:
Present value of obligation at the end of the year
Impact of the change in Discount rate (p.a)
Impact due to decrease of 1%  181.16  104.86
Impact due to increase of 1%  (232.27)  (241.41)
Impact of change in Salary Escalation rate (p.a)
Impact due to increase of 1%  181.14  104.86
Impact due to decrease of 1%  (234.97)  (244.27)
Weighted average duration of defined plan obligation at the end of reporting period  4.25 Years  4.25 Years
Note:- 44. Segment Reporting
A) PRIMARY SEGMENT (BUSINESS SEGMENT)
A business segment is a distinguishable component of an enterprise that is engaged in providing an individual product or service or a
group of related product s or services and that is subject to risks and returns that are dif ferent from those of other business segment s.
The group’s Operation predominantly comprise of only one segment i.e Automotive Components. In view of the same, separate segmental
information is not required to be given as per the requirement s of IND AS 108 “Operating Segment s”
B) SECONDARY SEGMENT (GEOGRAPHICAL  SEGMENT)
The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. The group operates primarily in India and
has presence in international market s as well. Its business is accordingly aligned geographically , catering to two markets. The group has
considered domestic and export s markets as geographical segment s and accordingly disclosed these as sep arate segment s.
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
GROSS SALE REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENT
WITHIN INDIA 4,91,043.81  4,68,234.78
OUTSIDE INDIA  56,117.09  63,411.84
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL  5,47,160.90  5,31,646.62
===========================================================================
The group has common fixed asset s, other assets and liabilities for domestic as well as overseas market. Hence, sep arate figures for asset s
and liabilities have not been furnished.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 222]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
219
Note: 45. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY  EXPENSES
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Comp any* 562.94 417.92
B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent 569.04 388.36
C) Amount spent during the year on: In Cash Yet to be Total In Cash Yet to be Total
paid in cash paid in cash
i) Construction/Acquisition of any asset s  432.67  -  432.67  223.87  -  223.87
ii) Purposes other than (i) above  136.37  -  136.37  164.49  -  164.49
Total amount spent during the year  569.04  -  569.04  388.36  -  388.36
D) Related party transactions in relation to Corporate Social Responsibility:
Contribution to Hansraj Trust (HRT)  319.00  -  319.00 212.00  - 212.00
However, the HRT has spent Rs. 314.84 Lakhs and Rs. 189.36 Lakhs only towards the CSR Activities for the FY  2024-25 and FY 2023-
24, respectively, as against to the amount contributed by the Comp any. Accordingly, the Company has considered the amount actually
spent by HRT towards the CSR Activities.
E) Amount earmarked for ongoing project:  NIL  NIL
F) Details of excess amount spent Opening Amount required to be Amount actually spent Closing
Balance spent during the year during the year Balance
Details of excess amount spent for the FY  2024-25 72.27 562.94 569.04 78.37
Details of excess amount spent for the FY  2023-24 101.83 417.92 388.36 72.27
G) Nature of CSR activities undert aken by the Comp any:
The CSR initiatives of the Comp any aim towards inclusive development of the communities largely around the vicinity of it s plants and
Corporate office. During the year under review , the Company has undertaken intiatives in the areas of promotion of education, providing
special life skills to special children, day-care facilities, sanit ation and cleanliness, healthcare facilities including preventive health care,
rural development, ensuring Environment Sustainability through a range of structured interventions, Green area develpment, and promotion
of nationally recognized sport s.
H) There is no unspent amount at the end of the year to be deposited in specified fund of Schedule VII under Section 135(5) of the
Companies Act, 2013.
I) Since there were no ongoing project s of the company in the FY 2024-25, no amount is required to be transferred to a special account in
compliance of Section 135(6) of the Comp anies Act, 2013.
*During the financial year 2023-24, an amount of Rs. 72.27 lakhs was spent in excess towards the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the FY
2023-24 which was available for set-of f with the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the FY  2024-25. Thus, the net CSR obligation of the
Company for the FY  2024-25 was Rs. 490.67 lakhs.
*During the financial year 2022-23, an amount of Rs. 101.83 lakhs was spent in excess towards the Comp any’s CSR obligation for the
FY 2022-23 which was available for set-of f with the Company’s CSR obligation for the FY  2023-24. Thus, the net CSR obligation of the
Company for the FY  2023-24 was Rs. 316.09 lakhs.
Note: 46. Securities and T erms of repayments for Secured Long term borrowings
1) Nature of Securities
a) Rupee Term Loans/ Foreign currency term loan/ NBFC
Term Loans from banks, financial institutions and others are secured / to be secured by equit able mortgage created/ to be created by
deposit of title deeds of the group’ s immovable properties for Dapp ar( In Punjab),Oragadam( In Chennai) & Seraikella(In Jharkhand) in
addition to the deed of hypothecation charging group’ s moveable properties, both present and future and second charge created / to be
created on raw materials, semi-finished goods, consumable stores, finished goods and book debt s etc on paripassu basis. However in
regard to term loan t aken from Banks/Financial Institutions for Mehsana (Gujarat) project, the said loan will be secured (first charge)
through equitable mortgage by deposit of title deeds of the group’ s immovable properties situated at Mehsana (in Gujarat) and Second
pari passu charge on all other immovable properties , movable properties and current asset s situated at Dappar( In Punjab),Oragadam(
In Chennai) unit, & Seraikella(In Jharkhand).
Loan of Rs.100 crores t aken from HDFC Bank for acquisition of AMW Autocomponent to be secured on exclusive charge on AACL
assets along with corporate guarantee issued by AACL.
All secured loans are further secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director of the group.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 223]
220
2) Terms of Repayments
Maturity Profile of Secured Term Loans are as below :
Particulars 1st year  2nd year  3rd year  4th year  5th year
Term Loans - Current Year  9,246.43  9,947.24  7,891.80  5,766.02  2,590.42
Term Loans - Previous Year  10,554.78  11,093.70  10,549.43  7,505.24  4,731.11
3) Detail of Interest Capit alized during the year As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Interest Capit alized during the year  1,256.05  1,642.91
Note 47. Employee stock option plan
Share Reserved for Issue under Options out standing as at the end of the year on unissued share capit al
As on 1st April, 2024, the comp any had 1 (one) ongoing employee S tock Options scheme i.e S teel Strips Wheels Limted- Employee S tock
Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021).
1. Steel Strips Wheels Limited- Employee S tock Option Scheme, 2021 (ESOS 2021)
The Company has an ongoing Employee S tock Option Scheme (ESOS) titled as “S teel Strips Wheels Limited - Employee S tock Option
Scheme, 2021” (“ESOS 2021” or “the scheme”) in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 which was approved by the Board of Directors and subsequently by shareholders of the
Company at their 35th Annual General Meeting(AGM) held on 30.09.2021, authorizing the comp any to create, offer, issue and grant, in
one or more tranches, up to 5,00,000 options (or such other adjusted figures af ter the sub-division of equity shares, if any) to the
employees of the comp any.
As per the terms of the Scheme, all the options granted on any date shall vest not earlier than 1 (one) year and not later than a maximum
of 4 (four) years from the respective date of grant of options as may be determined by Employee Compensation Committee (ECC) and
each option would entitle the holder thereof to subscribe equal number of equity shares of face value (FV) Rs. 10/- each(or such other
adjusted figures after the sub-division of equity shares, if any) at an exercise price as may be determined by the ECC/ Board of Directors
of the Company. Further, the Exercise period would commence from the date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
respective date of grant or such other shorter period as may be decided by “ECC” from time to time.
Further, the Company had sub-divided it s equity shares of FV of Rs. 10/- each, two (2) times in the following manner:-
•
1st Sub-Division in the year 2021: FV of Rs. 10/- each to FV of Rs. 5/- each w .e.f. 22.11.2021:
Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at their 35thAnnual General Meeting held on 30.09.2021, the Comp any had sub-
divided its existing 1(one) equity share of FV of Rs. 10/- each into 2(two) equity shares of FV of Rs. 5/- each w .e.f. record date i.e.
22.11.2021.
• 2nd Sub-Division in the year 2022: FV of Rs. 5/- each to FV of Re. 1/- each w .e.f. 11.11.2022:
Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at their 36th Annual General Meeting held on 30.09.2022, the Comp any had again
sub-divided it s existing 1(one) equity share of FV of Rs. 5/- each into 5(five) equity shares of FV of Re.1/- each w .e.f. record date
i.e. 11.11.2022.
Until 11.11.2022, the comp any had not granted any stock options under ESOS 2021. Accordingly, as a result of the aforesaid sub-
divisions, the number of stock options available for future grant(s) under ESOS 2021 increased from 5,00,000 to 50,00,000 options and
each option is convertible into equal number of equity shares of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price as may be determined by the ECC/
Board of Directors of the Comp any.
Further, ECC in its meeting held on 17.11.2022 had granted 5,00,000 options (Tranche 1) to the employees of the Company in accordance
with the ESOS 2021. Each option entitled the holder thereof to subscribe one equity share of FV Rs. 1/- each at an exercise price of Rs.
20/- per share of the comp any. As decided by the ECC, the vesting period for the said 5,00,000 options granted was one year from the
date of grant and the Exercise period would commence from the date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
respective date of grant of options.
During the financial year 2023-24:
• The Allotment Committee of the Board of Directors of the Comp any in it s meeting held on 12.12.2023 had allotted 416125 equity
shares (Tranche 1) of FV of Re. 1/- each for cash at an Exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share of the comp any to the employees
of the comp any who had exercised their stock options under the ESOS 2021.
• The ECC in its meeting held on 16.03.2024 had forfeited 4750 options out of tot al outstanding stock options granted under Tranche
1 of ESOS 2021, as the employees to whom these options were granted had lef t the company. Accordingly, 79125 vested options
under Tranche 1 were eligible for exercise at the end of the FY  2023-24.
• The ECC in it s meeting held on 16.03.2024 had also granted 2,00,000 (T ranche 2) stock options to eligible employees of the
Company in accordance with ESOS 2021. Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of FV Re. 1/- each of
the Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted (T ranche 2) shall vest
after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire on
completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 224]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
221
During the financial year 2024-25:
• The Options granted by ECC under Tranche 2 of ESOS 2021 on 16.03.2024, vested on 16.03.2025 i.e. af ter completion of one(1)
year from the date of grant and exercise period commenced from date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5 years from the
date of grant.
• The ECC in its meeting held on 13.03.2025 have granted 5,00,000 (T ranche 3) stock options to eligible employees of the comp any
in accordance with ESOS 2021. Each option shall entitle the holder to acquire one (1) equity share of face value Re. 1/- each of the
Company at an exercise price of Rs. 20/- per equity share. As decided by the ECC, the Options granted shall vest on 13.03.2026
i.e after completion of one(1) year from the date of grant and exercise period would commence from date of vesting and will expire
on completion of 5 years from the date of grant.
The Number and W eighted average exercise price of S tock Option are as follows:
Particulars Year ended 31st March 2025
Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Tranche 3
 Options  Weighted Options  Weighted Options  Weighted
average average average
Exercise Exercise Exercise
Price Price Price
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Granted Options  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  5,00,000 20
Forfeited during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Exercised during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  5,00,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 1/- each fully 79,125 20  2,00,000 20  5,00,000 20
paidup to be issued on exercise of option
Weighted Average share price in respect of options NA NA NA NA NA NA
exercised during the year (as on date of exercise)
Weighted average remaining contractual life 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from
(in years) the date of the date of the date of the date of the date of the date of
grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options
*Weighted average exercise price has been adjusted for sub-division of equity shares.
The Number and W eighted average exercise price of S tock Option are as follows:
Particulars Year ended 31st March 2024
Tranche 1  Tranche 2
 Options  Weighted Options  Weighted
 average average
 Exercise Exercise
 Price Price
  Number  Amount Number Amount
Outstanding at the Beginning of the year  5,00,000 20  NIL NIL
Granted Options  NIL NIL  2,00,000 20
Forfeited during the year  4,750 20  NIL NIL
Exercised during the year  4,16,125 20  NIL NIL
Expired during the year  NIL NIL  NIL NIL
Outstanding at the end of year  79,125 20  2,00,000 20
Exercisable at the end of the year  79,125 20  NIL NIL
Number of Equity shares of Re. 1/- each fully paidup to be issued on exercise of option  79,125 20  NIL NIL
Weighted Average share price in respect of options exercised during the year  4,16,125 283.63 NA NA
Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from 5 years from
the date of the date of the date of the date of
grant of options grant of options grant of options grant of options
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 225]
222
3. Impact of fair Valuation method on Net Profit under EPS
In March 2005, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India had issued a guidance note on “Accounting for Employees Share based
payments” applicable to Employee based share plan, the grant date in respect of which falls on or af ter April 1, 2005. The said guidance
notes requires the Pro-forma Disclosures of the imp act of fair value method of accounting of Employee stock Compensation accounting
in the financial st atements. The employee compensation cost was calculated by an Ind pendent Valuer using the fair value method of
accounting to account for the options granted under “ESOS 2021” therefore there will not be any imp act on profit s and EPS of the
company.
4. Weighted Average fair value of options granted under ESOS 2021 during the year : Rs. 153.64 per stock option (convertible into each
equity share of Face V alue Re. 1/-).
5. The fair Value of the Options, is estimated on the date of grant using the black- scholes model with the following significant assumptions.
Particulars ESOS 2021 ESOS 2021 ESOS 2016
(2024-25) (2023-24) (2023-24)
Weighted average Risk free interest rates ( in %) 6.64% 7.07%
Weighted average Expected life 5 years 5 years
Weighted average V olatility (in %) 41.38% 39.27%
Weighted average Dividend Yield (%) 0.44% 0.44%
Weighted average Exercise price Rs. 20.00 Rs. 20.00
The Price of the underline share in market at the time of Option grant Rs. 171.86 Rs. 241.50
Weighted average Fair V alue of the Options Rs. 153.64 Rs. 222.23
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price applicable to the tot al expected life of each option.
6. No Shares out of the issued , subscribed and p aid up Share Capital were alloted as Bonus Shares in the last five years by capit alization
of Securities Premium Reserves.
7. No Shares out of the issued , subscribed and p aid up Share Capit al were allotted in the last five years pursuant to the various scheme
of amalgamation without p ayment being received in cash.
Note:- 48. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Group’ s princip al financial liabilities comprise loans and borrowings, trade and other p ayables. The main purpose of these financial
liabilities is to finance the Group’ s operations and to support it s operations. The Group’s financial asset s include loans, trade and other
receivables, and cash & cash equivalent s that derive directly from it s operations.
The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s senior management oversees the management of these risks.
The Group’s senior management is supported by a Business Risk Management committee that advises on financial risks and the appropriate
financial risk governance framework for the Group. This Business Risk Management committee provides assurance to the Group’ s senior
management that the Group’s financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedure and that financial risks are identified,
measured and managed in accordance with the Group’ s policies and risk objectives. The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for
managing each risk, which are summarised as below:
Market risk
a) Price Risk
Fluctuation in commodity price in global market af fects directly and indirectly the price of raw material and component s used by the
Group in its products. The key raw material for the Group’ s business is HR S teel & Aluminium Ingot. The Group has arrangement s with
its major customers for p assing on the price imp act. The Group is also regularly t aking initiatives like V A VE ( value addition, value
engineering ) to reduce it s raw material cost s to meet t argets set up by it s customers for cost downs.
b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
interest rates. The Group’ s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’ s long term debt
obligations with floating interest rates. The Group is carrying it s borrowings primarily at variable rate.
No Options were
granted during the
financial year
2023-24. The said
scheme was
closed on
16.03.2024.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 226]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
223
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Variable rate borrowings  27,862.15  38,136.57
Fixed rate borrowings  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Borrowings  27,862.15 38136.57
===========================================================================
Interest rate sensitivity
For the Purpose of computing interest rate sensitivity on the above borrowings, management has estimated a reasonably possible
change in interest rate as 50bp s based on current as well as expected economic conditions. This analysis is based on Long Term Risk
exposures outstanding at the reporting date and assumes that all other variables, in p articular foreign currency exchange rates, remains
constant. The period and balances are not necessarily represent ative of the average amount s outstanding during the periods.
Impact on Profit s As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
50 bp decrease would Increase the profit before t ax by  139  191
50 bp increase would decrease the profit before t ax by  (139)  (191)
c) Foreign currency risks
The company tries to manage the foreign currency risk by att aining natural hedge. The company also does selective hedging to hedge
its risk associated with foreign currency and to address the timing dif ference in foreign currency collections & p ayments.
i) The derivative out standing as at the reporting date is as follows:-
Category Wise Quantitative Data As at 31st March 2025
Amount in Foreign Currency (lacs)
Forward Contract s, Options
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Sell)  92.75
Forward Contract Against EUR/USD (Euro Sell)  2.32
Forward Contract Against USD/INR (USD Buy)  66.03
Foreign Currency option contract s mature within 12 months
ii) Mark to market losses / (gain) on Forwards/Options
Particulars As at 31st March 2025
Mark to Market losses/(gain)  (52.02)
d) Credit risk
The credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Comp any if a customer or counterp arty to a financial instrument fails to meet it s
contractual obligations towards the Comp any and arises princip ally from the Comp any’s receivables from customers and deposit s with
banking institutions. The maximum amount of the credit exposure is equal to the carrying amount s of these receivables.The Comp any
has developed guidelines for the management of credit risk from trade receivables. The Company’s primary customers are major Indian
automobile manufacturers (OEMs) with good credit ratings. Non-OEM client s are subjected to credit assessment s as a precautionary
measure, and the adherence of all client s to payment due dates is monitored on an on-going basis, thereby practically eliminating the
risk of default. The Company has deposited liquid funds at various banking institutions. Primary banking institutions are major Indian and
foreign banks. In long term credit ratings these banking institutions are considered to be investment grade. Also, no impairment loss has
been recorded in respect of fixed deposit s that are with recognised commercial banks and are not p ast due
e) Liquidity risk
The liquidity risk encomp asses any risk that the Comp any cannot fully meet it s financial obligations. To manage the liquidity risk, cash
flow forecasting is performed in the operating divisions of the Comp any and aggregated by Comp any finance. The Company’s finance
monitors rolling forecast s of the Comp any’s liquidity requirement s to ensure it has suf ficient cash to meet operational needs while
maintaining sufficient headroom in it s undrawn committed borrowing facilities / overdraf t facilities at all times so that the Comp any does
not breach borrowing limit s or covenant s (where applicable) on any of it s borrowing facilities.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 227]
224
Year Ended March 31, 2024 Upto 1 Year Above 1 Years Total
Non - derivatives
Borrowings  54,881.22  27,862.15  82,743.37
Trade Payables 75,301.28  -  75,301.28
Other Financial Liabilities  -  1,954.68  1,954.68
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,30,182.50  29,816.83  1,59,999.33
Year Ended March 31, 2023
Non - derivatives
Borrowings  66,656.60  38,136.57  1,04,793.17
Trade Payables 59,995.88  -  59,995.88
Other Financial Liabilities  -  1,931.87  1,931.87
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,26,652.48  40,068.44  1,66,720.92
Year Ended March 31, 2022
Non - derivatives
Borrowings 47,720.53  16,104.83  63,825.36
Trade Payables  69,482.81  -  69,482.81
Other Financial Liabilities  -  6,832.13  6,832.13
Total Non Derivative Liabilities  1,17,203.34  22,936.96  1,40,140.30
Note:- 49 Capit al Management
a) Risk Management
The Company’s objectives when managing capit al is to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue
to provide returns for shareholders and benefit s for other st akeholders, and maint ain an optimal capit al structure to reduce the cost of
capital. Consistent with peers in the industry , the Comp any monitors Net Debt to EBITDA  ratio i.e. Net Debt (T otal Borrowings net of
Cash and Cash Equivalent s) divided by EBITDA  (Profit before t ax plus depreciation and amortization expense plus Finance cost s).The
Company’s strategy is to ensure that the Net Debt to EBITDA  is managed at an optimal level considering the above factors. The Net
Debt to EBITDA ratios were as follows:
As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Net Debt  81,733.87  1,01,701.36
EBITDA 48,736.84  48,125.82
Net Debt/EBITDA  1.68  2.11
b) Loan covenants
Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the Comp any is required to comply with cert ain financial covenant s and the Company
has complied with those covenant s throughout the reporting period.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 228]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
225
Note:- 50. Income T ax Expenses
The major component s of income t ax expense for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 are:
As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Income tax expense in the st atement of profit and loss comprises:
Current income t ax charged  6,602.85  9,393.80
Adjustment in respect of current income t ax of previous year  (2.69)  -
Total Current Income t ax  6,600.16  9,393.80
Deferred Tax charge / (credit)
Relating to origination,T iming dif ference and reversal on account of new t ax rates(Refer Note-II) (229.33)  (2,519.37)
Income tax expense reported in the st atement of profit or loss  6,370.83  6,874.43
B) Other Comprehensive Income
Tax expense related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income during the year:
Deferred t ax on re-measurement loss on defined benefit plan (26.14)  38.23
Deferred t ax on re-measurement gain on fair value of investment  -  -
Income tax related to items recognised in Other comprehensive income during the year  (26.14)  38.23
C) Reconciliation of t ax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’ s domestic t ax rate
Accounting profit before t ax  25,913.19  74,388.07
Less Exceptional Items due to implement ation of Resolution Plan (Refer Note III)  -  47,310.39
 25,913.19  27,077.68
Applicable t ax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed T ax Expense  6,521.83  6,814.91
Tax effect on Below items
Tax Impact on Depreciation/ Temporary Dif ference  19.03  (242.78)
Tax Impact of dif ference of t ax rate of group comp anies  (268.99)  -
Tax impact of additional deductions allowable under Income Tax Act.  (37.16)  (154.80)
Tax impact of items not deductible in calculating the t axable income  136.12  717.76
MAT Credit entitlement written of f as move to New Tax regime (Refer Note II)  -  2,258.70
Impact of Remeasurement of Def fered tax liability (Refer Note II)  -  (2,519.37)
Income tax charged to S tatement of Profit and Loss (Effective t ax rate 24.59% 6,370.83  6,874.43
for 24-25 and 9.24% for 23-24)
Notes:
I) Effective tax rate has been calculated on profit before t ax.
II) From FY 2023-24 onwards the Parent Comp any has opted for t ax regime under section 1 15BAA of Income Tax Act, 1961. Accordingly,
in FY 2023-24 the Comp any has calculated t ax for the FY 2023-24 and re-measured it s deferred tax liability as per the rates prescribed
in section 1 15BAA. The consequential imp act in deferred t ax laibility amounting to Rs 25.19 Crores has been credited and the MA T
Credit entitlement of Rs 22.58 crores as on 31st March 2023 has been booked as Tax expense in the FY  2023-24.
III) In FY 2023-24 exceptional profit of Subsidary comp any is on the account of the implement ation of the resolution plan on which income
tax is not appliacble as per Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and as per the directions of NCL T order dated 12.10.2023
Note 51 The following is the analysis of Deferred t ax assets/(liabilities)
Recognised in profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in relation to: As at Credit / Credit /(charge) As at
31st March 2024 (charge) to Other 31st March 2025
to Profit Comprehensive
or Loss. Income
Property, plant and equipment  (14,880.87)  (499.71)  -  (15,380.57)
Intangible asset s  (32.14)  -  -  (32.14)
Provision for Gratuity  67.75  (49.93)  26.13  43.95
Provision for Leave Encashment  (57.41)  (44.80)  -  (102.21)
Provision for Bonus (18.00)  (11.77)  -  (29.77)
Recognized through OCI  234.46  -  -  234.46
Carried forward t ax losses and unabsorbed depreciation  4,601.95  835.73  -  5,437.68
 (10,084.25)  229.53  26.13  (9,828.59)
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 229]
226
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in relation to: As at Credit / Credit /(charge) Takeover As at
31st March 2023 (charge) to Other on 31st March 2024
to Profit Comprehensive account
or Loss. Income of CIRP
Property, plant and equipment  (17,400.04)  2,519.17  - (14,880.87)
Intangible asset s  (32.14)  -  -  (32.14)
Provision for Gratuity  67.75  -  -  67.75
Provision for Leave Encashment  (57.41)  -  -  (57.41)
Provision for Bonus  (18.00)  -  -  (18.00)
Recognized through OCI  284.62  -  50.16  234.46
Carried forward of t ax losses on acquisition of -  -  4,601.95  4,601.95
Subsidiary
 (17,155.21)  2,519.17  50.16  4,601.95  (10,084.25)
Deferred tax balances (Net)
Deferred tax balances (Net)  As at  As at  As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024 31st March 2023
(a) Deferred tax assets  5,437.68  4,601.95  1,253.98
(b) Deferred tax liabilities  15,266.27  14,686.20  18,409.19
Net Deffered Tax Asset/(Liability)  (9,828.59)  (10,084.25)  (17,155.21)
Note 52: Interest in Other Entities
A.  Investment in Subsidiary
Sr. Particulars Place of Ownership interest held by Ownership interest held by non
Business the group in % controlling interest s in %
As at As at As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
1) AMW Autocomponent Limited India 100% 100%  -  -
B. Non-controlling Interest
As noted from the above t able, the non-controlling interest s are not material to the group.
C. Investment in Associates
Sr. Particulars Place of Ownership interest held Accounting Quoted fair value Carrying value
Business  by the group in % Method
As at As at As at As at As at As at
31st March 31st March 31st March 31st March 31st March 31st March
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
1) Clean Max Astria India 26% 26% Equity - - 1029.40 350.22
Pvt Ltd
Movement of investment in associates
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Opening balance  350.22  395.41
Addition/unwinding during the year  693.09  -
Profit/(loss) for the year  (13.91)  (45.19)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Balance  1,029.40 350.22
===========================================================================
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 230]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
227
Financial information of Associate:
Particulars As at As at
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Current asset s 994.20 214.80
Non-current asset s  9,262.90  4,677.80
Current liabilities  (4,123.30)  (1,165.90)
Non-current liabilities  (2,174.90)  (2,379.80)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equity 3,958.90 1,346.90
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Group ownership 26% 26%
Equity proportion of the Group ownership  1,029.40 350.22
Translation adjustment arising out of translation of foreign currency balances  -  -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carrying amount of the investment  1,029.40 350.22
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Particulars For the period For the period
ending ending
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Revenue from sale of product s  510.00  239.20
Profit/(loss) for the year  (53.50)  (173.80)
Total comprehensive income for the year  (53.50)  (173.80)
Group’s share of profit/ (loss) for the year  (13.91)  (45.19)
Note: 53 Business Combination
A) Acquisition of AMW Autocomponent Limited
During the financial year 2023-24, Hon’ble National Comp any Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (“Hon’ble NCL T”) on 12th October 2023
approved the Holding Comp any’s Resolution Plan (“RP”) for acquiring AMW Autocomponent Limited (“AACL”) under the provisions of
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 (“Code”). Consequent to the acquisition, the Holding Comp any subscribed 100% equity share
capital of AACL, amounting to Rs.500 Lacs. Upon the formulation of new board of directors, the Comp any has exercised control over the
AACL and accordingly AACL has been consolidated in the financial st atements.
B) Financial Impact of acquisition on the result s of the Group during financial year 2023-24:
Particulars Moved to Other Amount credited in
Equity Exceptional Gain
A - Financial Creditors  31,531.00  9,031.77
-Operational Creditors  -  36,029.14
-Other Liabilities  -  4,348.55
-Equity Share Capit al  4,920.33  -
Total (A)  36,451.33  49,409.46
B Write Down of Inventory and Other Assets  -  (2,099.07)
Total (A+B)  36,451.33  47,310.39
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 231]
228
Note: 54 Additional Information required by Schedule III of the Comp anies Act, 2013:
Particulars Net Assets (total assets Share in Profit Share in other Share in tot al
minus tot al liabilities) or (Loss) comprehensive income (OCI) comprehensive income
Name of the Entity As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount
Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated
Net Assets  Profit or OCI total
(Loss)  comprehensive
income
A. Parent
Steel Strips Wheels Limited
31st March 2025 94.96%  1,54,378.39 107.51%  20,995.02 100.00%  (77.70) 107.54%  20,917.32
31st March 2024 93.30%  1,34,567.49 32.59%  21,989.49 100.00%  113.66 32.71%  22,103.15
B. Subsidiary
AMW Autocomponent Limited
31st March 2025 5.07%  8,249.32 -7.44%  (1,452.66)  -  - -7.47%  (1,452.66)
31st March 2024 6.73%  9,701.97 67.47%  45,524.15  -  - 67.36%  45,524.15
C. Associate
Cleam Max Astria Limited
31st March 2025 -0.04%  (59.70) -0.07%  (13.91)  -  - -0.07%  (13.91)
31st March 2024 -0.03%  (45.79) -0.07%  (45.19)  -  - -0.07%  (45.19)
Note: 55 Additional Regulatory Information Required by Schedule III of Comp anies Act, 2013
In accordance with the requirement s of the Division II- Ind AS Schedule III to the Comp anies Act, 2013, analytical ratios have been disclosed
only in the st andalone financial st atements.
NOTE 56 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013
I) The Group does not have any Benami Property where any proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the Group for
holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made there under .
II) The Group has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority .
III) The Group do not have any balance with the comp anies struck of f under section 248 of Comp anies Act, 2013 or section 560 of
Companies Act, 1956.
IV) The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Comp anies Act, 2013.
V) The Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting imp act on current or previous financial year .
VI) The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person or entity , including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with
the understanding that the Intermediary shall
a. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the group
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b. provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
The Group has not received any fund from any person or entity , including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the underst anding
(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
a. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what soever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b. provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
(VII) The Group does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of account s that has been surrendered or disclosed
as income during the year in the t ax assessment s under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as search or survey or any other relevant
provision of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
(VIII) The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year .
(IX) The Group has not revalued it s property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use asset s) or int angible asset s or both during the
current or previous year .
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)

[page 232]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
229
(x) The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Comp anies beyond the
statutory period.
(xi) The borrowings obt ained by the Group from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes for which such loans
were taken.
NOTE 57-Other
The Group has est ablished a comprehensive system of maintenance of information and document s as required by the transfer pricing
legislation under section 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that it s transactions with the associated
enterprises are at arm’ s length so that the aforesaid legislation will not have any imp act on the financial st atements, p articularly on the
amount of tax expense and that of provision for t axation.
The accompanying notes form an integral p art of these financial st atements
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts 
` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 233]
FORM AOC -1
Statement containing salient features of the financial st atement of subsidiaries / associates /Joint V entures
Statement pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of the Comp anies (Account s) Rules, 2014 in
form AOC-1 related to Subsidiaries and Associate Companies
Part (A) : Information on Subsidiaries
(All amounts ` in Lakhs, unless st ated otherwise)
Sr Name of the The date Reporting Currency Share Reserves Total Total Invest- Turnover/ Profit Provision Profit Proposed % of Country
No. Subsidiary since when Currency Exchange Capital & Assets Liabilities ments other before for after dividend Share
subsidiary Rate as on Surplus Income/ taxation Taxation taxation holding
was Last Day of Excepti-
acquired Relevant onal gain
Financial
Year
1) AMW 09-01-2024 INR  -  500.00  8,286.47  23,282.48 14,496.01  -  62.28  -2,251.03  -  -2,251.03  - 100%  India
Autocomponent
Limited
Part (B) : Associates
Shares of Associates held by the Profit & Loss for the year
Company as at year end
Sr Name of the associates Latest Audited No of Amount of Extent Networth Considered in Not Description Reason why the
No. Balance Shares Investment of attributable to Consolidation Considered in of how there associate is not
Sheet Date in Associate Holding Shareholding (in Lacs) Consolidation is significant consolidated
(in Lacs) % (in Lacs) as (in Lacs) influencne
per Latest
Audited
Balance
Sheet
1 Clean Max Astria Pvt Lt d 31-03-2025 57,151 1089.11 26% 1029.404 -13.91 0 Shareholding NA
230
As per our report of even date att ached For and on behalf of the Board
For AKR & Associates Dheeraj Garg
Chartered Accountants Managing Director
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 021 179N
per Kailash Kumar Mohan Joshi
Partner Deputy Managing Director
Membership Number : 505972
Manohar Lal Jain
Executive Director
Date: 15th May 2025 Kanika Sapra Naveen Sorot
Place: Chandigarh Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer
Sanjay Garg
Virander Kumar Arya
Sukhvinder Khanna
Shashi Bhushan Gupt a
Sanjay Surajprakash Sahni
Deva Bharathi Reddy
Directors

[page 234]
Form No. MGT-11
PROXY FORM
[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Comp anies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Comp anies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
CIN : L27107PB1985PLC006159
Name of the Comp any : Steel Strips Wheels Limited
Registered Office : Village Somalheri / Lehli, P .O. Dappar, Tehsil: Derabassi, District: S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506
Name of the Member(s):                               
Registered Address:                                         
E-mail Id: Folio No. / Client ID: DP ID:
I/We, being the member(s) of shares of the above named comp any, hereby appoint
Name: E-mail Id:
Address:
Signature, or failing him
Name: E-mail Id:
Address:
Signature, or failing him
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 39 th Annual General Meeting of the Comp any, to be held
on Tuesday, 30 th September , 2025 at the Registered Of fice of the Comp any at V illage Somalheri/Lehli, P .O. Dapp ar, Tehsil: Derabassi,
District: S.A.S Nagar (Mohali), Punjab-140506 and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below:
Resolution Resolution(s)
No.
Ordinary Business
1. Receive, Consider and Adopt the:
a) Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025 and the Report s
of the Board of Directors and Auditors’ thereon; and
b) Audited Consolidated Financial S tatements of the Comp any for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025 and the
Report of Auditors’ thereon. (Ordinary Resolution)
2. Declaration of Final Dividend on equity shares of the Comp any for the financial year 2024-25 (Ordinary Resolution)
3. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), who retires by rot ation and being
eligible, of fers himself for re-appointment (Ordinary Resolution)
4. Re-appointment of a Director in place of Sh. Manohar Lal Jain (DIN: 00034591), who retires by rot ation and being eligible,
offers himself for re-appointment (Ordinary Resolution)
Special Business
5. Continuation of Directorship of Sh. Rajinder Kumar Garg (DIN: 00034827), Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
Company (Special Resolution)
6. Re-appointment of Sh. Siddharth Bansal (DIN: 02909820) as an Independent Director of the Comp any (Special Resolution)
7. Appointment of Sh. Sushil Kumar Sikka, Practicing Comp any Secretary (Membership No. 4241 and Certificate of Practice
No. 3582) proprietor of M/s S.K. Sikka & Associates as Secret arial Auditor of the Comp any (Ordinary Resolution)
Signed this _____day of _____2025
Signature of Shareholder       Signature of Proxy holder                            
Note:
1. This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Of fice of the Company not less than
48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting.
2. The proxy need not be a member of the comp any.
Affix
Revenue
Stamps

[page 235]
This sp
ace has been intentionally lef
t blank

[page 236]
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED
CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159
Registered Of fice: Village Somalheri/ Lehli, P .O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,
District SAS Nagar , Mohali, Punjab-140506, Tel: +91-172-2793112, Fax: +91-172-2794834
Email: ssl_ssg@glide.net.in . Website: www.sswlindia.com
ATTENDANCE SLIP
Registered Folio No./
DP ID and Client ID
Name and Address of the Member(s):
Joint Holder 1:
Joint Holder 2:
Number of Shares held:
I certify that I am a member/proxy for the member of the Comp any.
I hereby record my presence at the 39th Annual General Meeting  of the Company at Village Somalheri/ Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi,
District S.A.S Nagar Mohali, Punjab-140506 on Tuesday, 30th September, 2025 at 11:00 A.M.
_______________________  __________________________
Name of the Member/Proxy  Signature of the Member/Proxy
Note:
1. A member or his duly appointed Proxy wishing to attend the Meeting must complete this Attendance Slip and hand it over at the
entrance.
2. Name of the Proxy in Block letters _________________________________________ (in case the Proxy attends the meeting).
PLEASE CUT HERE AND BRING THE ABOVE ATTENDANCE SLIP  TO THE MEETING HALL
ELECTRONIC VOTING SYSTEM (REMOTE E-VOTING)
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)
Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirement s) Regulations,
2015, the Comp any is pleased to provide members, a facility to exercise their right to vote at the 39 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) by
electronic means (remote e-voting) and the business(es) may be transacted through remote e-voting Services provided by MUFG Intime
India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited).
ELECTRONIC VOTING PARTICULARS
Electronic Voting Sequence No. User ID *Sequence No.
250637
*Applicable to those members who have not updated their P AN with the Comp any/Depository Particip ant.
The remote e-voting facility will be available during the following voting period: -
Commencement of remote e-voting End of remote e-voting
27th September, 2025 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) 29th September, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST)
Note: Please read the detailed instructions for Remote E-voting printed in the Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on
Tuesday, 30th September, 2025.

[page 237]
This sp
ace has been intentionally lef
t blank

[page 238]
Notes

[page 239]
Notes

[page 240]


[page 241]
CORPORATE OFFICE:
SCO 49-50, Sector-26, Madhya
Marg, Chandigarh-160 019 (India)
Tel: +91(172) 2793112, 2792385,
Fax: +91(172) 2794834, 2790887
Website: www.sswlindia.com
CIN: L27107PB1985PLC006159
STEEL STRIPS GROUP
