[page 1]
STEEL STRIPS GROUP
Date: 19. L]-.2O25
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
BSE Scrip Code: 5L3262
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LTD.
GIN: L271 07P81985P!-C0061 59
Head Office: 1SOffS16949 Certified
SCO 49-50, Sector 26,
Madhya Marg, Chandigarh 160 019 (lNDlA)
Tel : +91 172-2793112, 2790979, 2792385
Fax : +91 172-2794834 | 2790887
Website : www.sswlindia.com
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No, ClI, c Btock,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
NSE Symbol: SSWL
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 3O of the SEBI (Listing Obligations andDisclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2o15: tranJcriptJ ofconference call - Analysts/rnstitutional rnvestors Meet
Dear Sir/Ma'am,
Please find enclosed the transcript with respect to the Conference call with InstitutionalInvestors/Analysts held on r3.tr.2o2s on "e2 & Fl1 Fy26 Result,'"
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the Company's website at
-tn
Kindly take the above on your records please.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Steel Strips Wheels Limited
(Kanika Sapra)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Regd. Office: Village Somalheri/Lehli, P.O. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Disft. Mohali, Punjab (lndia)
Tel. : +91 (1762)275249,275872,275173 Fax: +91 (1762)275229
.Email : hrdho@sswlindia.com .Website : www.sswlindia.com

[page 2]
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th November 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Mangement: MR. MOHAN JOSHI – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED 
 MR. PRANAV JAIN – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE – STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED 
 MR. PUNEET SHARMA – DEPUTY GENERAL 
MANAGER, FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – STEEL STRIPS 
WHEELS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. DISHANT JAIN – ANAND RATHI SHARES AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 


[page 3]
Page 2 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Steel Strips Wheels Limited Q2 and H1 
FY '26 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentatio n concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dishant Jain from Anand Rathi. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Dishant Jain: Thank you, Danish. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Research, I would 
like to welcome you all to the 2Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Steel Strips Wheels 
Limited. Today, we have with us Mr. Mohan Joshi, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Pranav 
Jain, DGM, Finance; and Mr. Puneet Sharma, DGM, Finance and Accounts. We'll start with 
a brief opening comments from the management team, post which we will have the floor 
open for Q&A.  
I'll hand over the call to the management team now. Over to you, sir. 
Pranav Jain: Thanks. Good afternoon. Hope everyone is doing well. I hope everyone had an opportunity 
to go through the financial results and investor presentation, which we have uploaded on the 
stock exchange and on our company website. 
 I would like to start the earnings call by introducing you all to the new CFO of our 
company, Mr. Rahul Kumar. He is a qualified chartered accountant and has passed Level 
III of Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA. He has years of experience in finance, accounts, 
and commercial control. He has been associated with the company since 2022. Previously, 
he has worked in industries such as health care, technology and Ed tech. 
 Now coming to our half yearly performance. We reported a healthy top line growth of 
approximate 13% during H1 FY '26, reaching INR2,387 crores. Gross profit grew by a 
robust 10%, reflecting strong momentum. EBITDA stood at INR234 crores, largely flat 
year-on-year. However, EBITDA margin witnessed some pressure primarily due to lower 
export volume this quarter, exports typically being among our higher-margin segment. 
Profit after tax for the half year stood at INR88 crores. 
 The alloy wheel segment has been a standout performer this half, delivering exceptional 
growth and increasing its contribution to the total revenue to 36%. Volumes for the 
segment reached approximate 18 lakh units. We expect this upward trajectory to continue 
and with its share in overall revenue likely to rise further in the coming quarters. The 
strong performance of alloy wheels has been instrumental in sustaining our overall 
business margin, and we remain confident about its continued growth and momentum. 

[page 4]
Page 3 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
 Our new aluminum knuckles segment has made an encouraging progress since its launch 
in this half year. We sold around 1.24 lakh units, generating INR33 crores in revenue. 
Capacity has already been scaled up to 3 lakh units per annum, and we plan to expand it 
further to 5 lakh units by this year-end. Our goal is to fully commercialize this business 
line by FY '26, bringing major OEMs into our customer base and establishing it as a 
meaningful contributor to the growth. 
 On the export front, performance was subdued this quarter with revenue declining to 
INR111 crores, down by 26% year-on-year, primarily due to global uncertainties 
surrounding potential U.S. tariff, one of our key export markets. We are closely monitoring 
developments on this front to assess the implications.  
Meanwhile, we have increased our focus on European markets, where the contribution has 
risen to 52% of the total exports in this half year. We will continue expanding our footprint 
across Europe, neighboring region to further diversify and derisk our export portfolio. 
 Looking ahead, we expect strong momentum in the domestic market, supported by recent 
GST reforms that are likely to boost consumption across the auto industry. On the export 
side, we will continue to evaluate the impact of tariffs while broadening our geographical 
reach to mitigate risk.  
With this, we now open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: First question comes from the line of Anand Kulkarni from Front Wave Research. 
Anand Kulkarni: Just a couple of questions from my end. First being on your capacity addition plan]. Does 
this refer to AMW Autocomponent, which is yet to be operational? So when do we expect 
it to be coming online? Any particular reason for delay? 
Mohan Joshi: So as I've already said in my previous calls also, that the first intent of using AMW was to 
increase the capacity within our existing portfolio of the existing factories. So in that context, 
what we have done is that we have increased the capacity of our tractor segment by close to 
40% over the past 6 months, and that's why we are in a position to offer the best amount of 
tractor wheels to the industry, with the help of equipments that we have taken from AMW. 
 The second thing which is underway right now and maybe another 1 or 2 months, capacity 
expansion in Jamshedpur will be done to add close to 0.5 million wheels into the kitty of 
commercial vehicles to make sure that the economies of scale continues to be higher, and 
it's a place which is very strategic to customers as well as from raw material side. So we 
expect a little bit of margin improvement when these economies of scale pitch into the 
operations in next financial year. 
 At the same time, steel segment offers low volume growth in terms of the industry. So as 

[page 5]
Page 4 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
and when this capacity will be needed, where the plans are already getting discussed with 
various segments of the business, I believe that over next quarter, we'll be in a better 
position to give you the steel wheel expansion and utilization of AMW. 
Anand Kulkarni: Okay. Understood. Sir, my second question was on alloy wheel segment. We can see in our 
monthly updates, the product mix is changing. Alloy wheel is doing better than our steel 
wheels. Still that is not reflecting in our E BITDA margin. So I'm trying to wrap my head 
around this, so what's happening with the EBITDA margin? 
Mohan Joshi: Okay. So as I said that in our case, EBITDA margins will not play a very significant role in 
terms of percentages because raw material keeps o n changing. So as all of us know that 
aluminum prices are at record levels, and it has moved from a level of close to INR225 a kg 
to currently around about INR265 to INR270 a kg. So it impacts the margin percentage. But 
from a per wheel basis, which we are trying to talk about, I think we have reached a level of 
INR262 in last quarter, which was amongst the best. 
 And in this quarter, we are at INR242 wherein the impact of the U.S. exports fall in terms 
of sales was around close to INR50 crores in terms of quarter 1 to quarter 2, wherein we 
lost close to INR8 crores, INR9 crores in terms of our margins because of the loss of sales 
and higher cost of operations in those plants.  
And the level of INR262 is fairly a decent level where we have achieved it over the past 2 
years, wherein we started with INR185-odd levels to slowly and gradually hit the number 
of INR262. And we are hoping that alloy wheel segment will continue to be the front 
runner. And once the situation of tariff eases up with the current ongoing discussions with 
the government, I believe that we can scale back to those levels. 
Anand Kulkarni: Okay. So a couple of more questions on this front. On the tariffs, have we been able to pass 
down whatever the increased tariff has been, or like we have taken 100% hit of the thing? 
And second one, if you can paint some picture around expansion in Europe, the subsidiary 
that you have acquired. Any traction you are seeing, how much has been compensated in 
nature, on alloy exports? 
Mohan Joshi: So I'll answer the second question first. So the European subsidiary, which is under 
consideration right now is a trading arm only. It has nothing to do with the manufacturing. 
So it is a customer demand that it serves from that country to them via we manufacture it 
from India and supply to that subsidiary. So there is no margin impact or anything of that 
sort. 
 The second thing, which is on the U.S. tariff. I think the tariffs are fairly very, very 
stringent right now in terms of 53% to us, wherein it does not leave us any scope of 
negotiations if we want to do that business, because the incremental punishment for any 
importer in U.S. is to the tune of maybe 24% to 25%. So even if we compensate by 4%, 

[page 6]
Page 5 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
5%, it doesn't make sense. So currently, the U.S. business is fairly, fairly dim and the 
compensation is happening only from the European side. 
 The alloy wheel segment exports are fairly doing good and ramping up. So we are 
expecting some bit of recovery from the export loss from the European side. On the U.S. 
side, we don't see any possibility as of now where some compensation of price can get the 
business back because the penalty amount is fairly large.  
So in case we are into a situation where the penalty which is on account of the import of 
Russian oil, which is 25%, gets waived off, then India stands at close to 28% for us as an 
industry. At that point in time, we can think of getting into a negotiating space and try to 
see that if some bit of negotiation can be done on prices for starting the imports. 
Anand Kulkarni: Just to end on this note, any guideline if you want to give on EBITDA per wheel a couple of 
years down the line, 2, 3 years down the line? 
Mohan Joshi: See, over the years, I think when we started this aluminum factory was one of the reasons 
that we see the challenges in steel wheel market, being a sunset industry where alloy 
penetration is increasing in the PV segment, although in tractor and truck segment, it remains 
stagnant and there is no scope of aluminum. 
 Today, I'm proud to say that close to 35% plus of revenue is coming from aluminum 
business, which is higher accretive business. At the same time, aluminum knuckles is a 
start of the business where we see similar kind of trends coming in, in terms of the industry 
growth and penetration growth for us. So I believe that the erstwhile thought of INR300 a 
wheel is what the site is.  
But currently, with the business challenges which we are facing and the export drop, which 
is pushing up the cost a little bit, I anticipate that first, reaching a INR260, INR265 level is 
considered to be the first milestone, then hence fourth, we are going to be moving towards 
that level that we have spoken. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Shankar from Eraya Capital. 
Shankar: So I wanted to ask around EBITDA per wheel. Can you give me a breakup of EBITDA per 
wheel for steel and alloy wheels separately? So yes, that's my first question. 
Mohan Joshi: So we don't do it separately ourselves. But yes, if the detailing of segment -wise can be 
spoken about, I think we can take it offline with SGA. But as a company, we don't do it 
separately Transcript13112025ecause there are common functions and common portfolios. 
But yes, on request, I think we can discuss it offline with SGA with the help of our team. 
Shankar: Can you give me any ballpark range for that, like if you have any? We can discuss it... 

[page 7]
Page 6 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
Mohan Joshi: I'll try to give you a perspective in terms of percentages because we have never considered 
this as separate for per wheel of steel as well as aluminum because in steel also, there are 
four segments of the business. But typically, what we have guid ed in past also that the 
domestic steel businesses are in the range of 8% to 9% in terms of EBITDA margins. The 
export steel businesses are in the range of 13%, 14%, 15% margins. In terms of aluminum 
wheels, the margin range between 11%, 12%, 13% with the increased prices. 
 And the volume mix will play the percentages from that perspective. But as you know that 
the volume -- the percentage is not the right benchmark to see it over a period of time, 
because raw material can change. And if tomorrow 20% drop in the raw material comes in, 
this margin of maybe 10% will look like 11.5%, which is not the right depiction. So we 
will give you a perspective of per wheel kind of a concept if we take it offline. Will that be 
fine? 
Shankar: Yes, yes. So I just want to understand on the trajectory, as you stated that you look to target 
INR265 and then INR300-odd levels. So can you give any time lines as to what do you have 
in mind? When do you look to achieve those numbers? 
Mohan Joshi: So as the business grows, I think this year, as we had anticipated earlier, the top line remains 
committed towards INR4,800-odd crores in terms of the figures which are looking like right 
now, wherein some bit of dent came in from the perspective of exports, but still we'll try to 
achieve that level. And over this period, the intent is that the capacity of 5 million alloy 
wheel capacity will hit close to 4.1 million or 4.0 million or 4.2 million in this financial year.  
The expansion of capacities is also going to be happening mostly in and around alloy wheels 
and knuckles, which is the accretive business towards margins as well as a future where 
lightweighting and aluminization is happening. So I believe that over next 2, 3 years is what 
I feel is the trend that we are anticipating towards t his INR300 kind of an EBITDA per 
component that we can think of. 
Shankar: Understood. So next, I wanted to ask around the volume growth. Can you give any guidance 
around what can be the volume growth we can expect for full year if current tariff situation 
remains the same? And similarly, what kind of EBITDA growth we can expect if tariff 
situation remains the same. 
Mohan Joshi: See, what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year that there will be a 5% to 6% kind 
of a volume growth, which I feel that  it is looking tough. And I think that will fall down 
around 2% or 3%, which is completely impacted by the fact of exports, wherein the question 
is out of syllabus right now. So I'll not be able to answer that. So 2% to 3% is what I think 
on a volume growth. 
 In terms of EBITDA growth, I believe last year, we did around about INR490-ish-odd 
crores kind of a number. I think we have done close to INR235 crores right now. So there 

[page 8]
Page 7 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
will be an impact of EBITDA if the situation remains same. And anywhere between 
INR260 crores -- sorry, INR470 crores to INR480 crores is what we are trying to think on 
a flattish year for this financial year. 
Shankar: Understood. What are the trends that you're seeing in November, given we are already in 
November, what are the trends you're seeing in Q3 in terms of volume growth? Like is it... 
Mohan Joshi: So what we feel is on the domestic side, I think the GST side is still prevailing. I think the 
festive mood has been extended by the help of GST for all the segments. So I bel ieve that 
two-wheeler where our exposure is less, but albeit industry is facing a lot of demand, and it 
is a happy moment. PVs post the miraculous number, which came in during the festive 
season, I think the outlook for next 3 to 5 months is visibly better. I believe that, that number 
is going to be between 6% to 8% higher to reach a number of 3% to 4% for an annual growth. 
 On the tractor side, the segment is growing very, very good this year. I think there is a 
possibility that for the full year, we may report anywhere between 8% to 9% to 10% kind 
of a volume growth. And for CVs, I think it's been very dull moment despite having all the 
engines which are working for the economy. But I think that is something to do with the 
business sharing with railways or other segments where I feel that the volume growth is 
going to be maybe flattish or maybe 2% on the plus side. 
Shankar: Understood. Just last on -- same on the EBITDA per wheel, I wanted to ask, given the 
historical trends that I'm seeing. So what I have is -- so we did around INR250 -- we achieved 
INR250 levels in FY '23 itself. And from then, we -- as you said, in last quarter, we did 
INR260, but volumes have grown, but not per wheel -- EBITDA per wheel has not grown 
materially as volumes have grown. Like any trend that you are seeing because of that, that 
is -- any reasons for that? 
Mohan Joshi: So I think when we compare it with that period of INR250 in 2022, '23, in that financial 
year, we have also indicated that there was INR55 crores to INR65 crores worth of inventory 
gain because of the sharp rise in the raw material. It was a one -off in that financial year 
because of which this INR250 came in. And that got normalized in the financial year, which 
was preceding.  
And since then, I think it's a slow and steady angle on towards higher side towards where 
we reached INR262 as the highest number last quarter. We would have reached that level 
given that the situation is out of our control, and we are trying to offset it by the European 
side of the business or transferring more and more in terms of the segments that we can offer 
to the European side to compensate. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sakshi Pratap from Pratap Securities. 
Sakshi Pratap: As I joined a little late on the call, apologies if anything is repetitive. My first question is the 

[page 9]
Page 8 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
export slowdown was cited as a major reason for margin compression. If exports normalize 
in coming quarters, what would be the likely margin recovery range that we'd look at? 
Mohan Joshi: So I have answered this question earlier, but I'll repeat it. I think we lost around INR20 per 
wheel kind of a margin in this quarter, which is amounting to between INR8 crores to INR9 
crores purely based of the volume drop, which happened. In volume -- in value terms, it was 
around INR50 crores worth of export, which got hit in Q2 versus Q1. And I anticipate that 
some solution will be found out. 
 And I'm fairly hopeful between the governments that there's negotiation going on. But 
without negotiations and without the removal of the duty, which is penalty of 25%, I 
believe that it will be very tough to do business with U.S. because those kind of margins 
are not there available in the business. And I mean, if it gets started in maybe next 2 
months, I believe that Q4 will be better and we can get back to the margin profile of Q1 
with better margins and better products at the same levels. 
Sakshi Pratap: Understood, sir. Second question is on the aluminum knuckles segment, which has ramped 
up very quickly for us.  So when do we expect it to reach breakeven or contribute to our 
overall EBITDA? 
Mohan Joshi: So the segment is already broken even. I think we are running at a pace of close to 0.3 million 
annual base capacity. And the capacity by this financial year-end will be close to 0.5 million. 
And we are also augmenting a capacity expansion to add up another 0.5 million where 
discussions with the customers are ongoing. And we anticipate with the order book, which 
is visible to us to reach a level of close to 0.5 million kind of a capacity by Q4 end or Q1 of 
next financial year. 
 I think the margin highlight also I told you that once we reach to a certain stage, I think the 
mid-teens kind of a number is where the margin is standing right now, although the value 
is less in terms of turnover, but the industry offers a similar kind of industry potential, the 
way that alloy wheel has taken up shape. So lightweighting and aluminization is the theme. 
 And EVs anyways is going to be having this as a mandatory thing. But the penetration is 
towards the ICE engines where we anticipate some of the programs to be converting the 
forged knuckle -- steel forged knuckle to aluminum knuckle by next financial year of Q3. 
And similar trends are visible in the market. And I think it is going to be seeing the same 
story the way that aluminum has played out for us. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Vignesh from KSEMA Wealth. 
Vignesh: Just regarding the capacity utilization, now we are close to almost 75% , 75%-80%. So by 
this year or next H1, we should be reaching around 80%. So after that, what's the plan for 
the capacity expansion, sir? Any idea like how much capacity are we putting in or any plan 

[page 10]
Page 9 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
internally? Just want to understand that. 
Mohan Joshi: So as I said that the capacity expansion will be only towards the aluminum segment of this 
business right now, wherein a large amount of money can be spent. Otherwise, internal 
capacity expansions, as I hinted towards the tractor segment and the CV segment was done 
with utilization of the existing equipment of AMW and some repair amount which we spent 
on that.  
So we are anticipating this capacity of aluminum wheels to be hitting close to 80% to 82%, 
85% in over next maybe 7, 8 months, wherein the thought of adding up aluminum wheels 
capacity is going underway. I think by next quarter, a lot of clarity will come in, in terms of 
time lines and money to be spent on that and what kind of capacity we are adding. 
 Similar way, knuckles is where we are having close to 0.5 million, say, for this financial 
year. Another 0.5 million will be needed in next financial year, where discussions are 
ongoing with the government -- with the customer for the time lines and the money to be 
spent. So I think these are two areas where we are looking out for capacity additions. 
Vignesh: Okay. That was helpful. And one more thing on the export side, apart from U.S., how is the 
demand situation in Europe and other geographies for alloy wheel? And how is the customer 
preference -- or from our supply point? How are they responding? 
Mohan Joshi: So I think Pranav, would you like to take the details in terms of percentage and all that for 
the European side? 
Pranav Jain: Yes, please. Just hold on. So in H1 FY '26, our U.S. market  overall export was 44%, 52% 
is for Europe and 4% is rest of world. And in FY '25, 64% is in U.S. and 32% is in Europe 
and 4% in other countries. So we gradually increase our share of European business from 
32% to 52%. 
Vignesh: Okay. And demand is good over there or the opposite? 
Mohan Joshi: The demand side is fairly stable in Europe, given that old customers and no tariff situation 
or anything of that sort. I think aluminum wheel is ramping up nicely. We have two programs 
with the European OEM has already started on the aluminum side. And we anticipate two 
more programs, which are going to be starting in Q4 of this financial year, if everything goes 
right with the customer testing and everything. 
 And in terms of new awardings and new pipeline, which is going to be visible in next 
financial year is also very strong with four programs from the European OEMs already 
awarded to us where program development and touring development is underway. So 
European side, there is no problem. I think the situation remains very fragile in the U.S. 
where solutions are being found. 

[page 11]
Page 10 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
Vignesh: So for next year, exports we might see the growth back again, sir? 
Mohan Joshi: It is very tough to say. I think we -- in this -- at the beginning of the year, we clearly thought 
that we are going to be hitting INR600 crores to INR650 crores. I mean we have lost INR50 
crores in 1 quarter itself. So propagating that 4 quarters will be INR200 crores. It is very 
tough for us to compensate this INR200 crores from the European side.  
But efforts are going on given that you do not know what kind of shape the tariffs will take. 
So business wins in Europe is being focused. Business wins for alloy wheel is being focused. 
And just in case something doesn't work, at least we'll try to see if we can make up for the 
lost ground in this financial in the coming financial year. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Prachi Sharma from ACE Investor. 
Prachi Sharma: So just wanted your view on the domestic auto industry since we know that we are seeing 
strong recovery supported by GST 2.0. So how do you see the demand trends across your 
key customer segments? That is one. And also wanted to get your answer on the planned 
capex for FY '26 for alloy wheel, knuckles and the backward integration facilities that we 
are focusing on? 
Mohan Joshi: So I think I'll answer the first question and second question will be answered by Pranav. So 
the first question is about the industry. I think it is a welcome step. I think that it is visible 
from the festive registration, which has happened during the Diwali festival. The mood is -- 
obviously, it has slowed down a little bit because festive is festive, but the momentum is 
continuing for all the segments, two-wheeler being the best, given that affordability hits the 
most in that segment.  
Cars also are visualizing an 8% to 10% kind of a number on the uptake side, and we are 
fairly optimistic that this will continue for another 2, 3 months till that time, the excess 
demand, which got generated because of this benefit to pull the people on the sidelines to be 
coming in. Plus, there is an added advantage of tax savings, which the government 
announced in terms of the budget, which is also helping. 
 Tractor segment because GST has also lowered for those equipments. It is going to go 
good despite some of the negative impact being taken up by the floods on the northern side 
were taken up and were compensated by the GST impact. 
 CV side is the only side which is very flat and it is not seeing a very gung-ho kind of a 
situation, which has its own reasons, maybe because of the competition with railways or 
something that I said. So I anticipate CVs to be turning maybe a plus 2%, which was 
anticipated to be flattish or minus 2% for the financial year. So amongst all four segments, 
CV is the least positive and rest segments are fairly very positive. On the capex side, I 
think Pranav will answer that. 

[page 12]
Page 11 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
Pranav Jain: Yes. In H1 FY '26, we already done capex of around INR115 crores and expected to close 
this year with a total capex of INR250 crores, which will be majority in alloy wheel and the 
knuckle segment. 
Prachi Sharma: So any percentages on how this is going to be allocated between alloy, knuckles, etcetera? 
Pranav Jain: Our major portion is in knuckles because we are expanding our knuckle plant from existing 
2.5 lakhs to 5 lakhs. And then alloy wheel, we are also expanding from existing 4.2 million 
to 5 million wheels, right? So I think roughly you can take around 40% to 50% in knuckles 
and that's 30% to 40% in alloy wheels and balance in general maintenance capex. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, firstly, can you once again reiterate what was the knuckle contribution to the revenue 
for the first half, the turnover? 
Pranav Jain: It's roughly INR33 crores of the overall revenue. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And what is expected from H2 depending upon the -- our execution ramping up also 
and the order book? 
Mohan Joshi: I think in the balance 6 months, we are anticipating another INR38 crores to INR40 crores 
worth of revenue. So I think we anticipated around about INR75 crores to INR80 crores 
worth of revenue in this financial year in '25, '26 at the beginning of the year. So we are very, 
very close to that.  
There are four programs which we are running, and there are two programs yet to start. So 
in next financial year, we anticipate that this capacity anyway will be fully sold out, which 
is 0.5 million, which can generate close to INR100 crores to INR110 crores, INR115 crores 
based on which product gets sold. 
 And then capacity addition, as I said, is under discussion with the customers, which will 
seek production output from September or October 2026, which can be additional of 
another INR15 crores, INR20 crores for the balance maybe 4 or 5 months. So this is what 
the projected numbers that we are trying to think as of now. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And sir, what has been the net long-term debt or the net debt number as on September, 
our current maturity for the remaining half of the year, what should we end the year with? 
Pranav Jain: The remaining maturity for the next half year is around INR40 crores. So currently, the total 
debt long-term and short-term debt, total is around INR902 crores, and we expect to close 
this year with a total debt of, I think, around INR950 crores to INR960 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And INR40 crores is the repayment? Is that correct? 

[page 13]
Page 12 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
Pranav Jain: Yes. INR40 crores is the repayment. We are taking a fresh debt in the second half for that 
knuckle expansion. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And that you have outlined at, what is the figure, sir? I missed the number for knuckle 
expansion. What will be the capex? 
Pranav Jain: The overall capex for the knuckle up to 5 million is around INR130 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And -- up to 5 million? 
Pranav Jain: Up to 5 lakh, 5 lakh, 0.5 million. 
Saket Kapoor: 0.5 million, what is the existing capacity in million? 
Pranav Jain: Existing capacity is 0.3 million as of now. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Sir, when we look at... 
Mohan Joshi: So I'll add up to this what Pranav said. So existing capacity of 0.3 million will first get to 0.5 
million. So there will be a capex which will be needed in balance 2, 3, 4 months. And then 
additional 0.5 million, which is getting discussed with the customers, wherein if the customer 
gives us a go ahead today or tomorrow, maybe it will be done over 15, 20 days, then that 
additional 0.5 million will also entail the capex, which will also fall into this financial year, 
which is what I think Pranav said that f or that 0.5 million, the total capex is going to be 
INR130 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So the total -- then the net capacity -- I mean, total capacity will be close to 1 million? 
Mohan Joshi: Yes, it will be 1 million, which will come into effect from maybe September or October 
2026. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And the peak revenue from the 1 million would be, sir, what? 
Mohan Joshi: Around about INR240 crores to INR270 crores based on product mix. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, when we look at your closing capital work in  progress balance, that has also gone up 
from INR288 crores to INR406 crores. If I remember rightly, previously we had done with 
now the capex. Correct me there . So now what will be our trajectory in terms of the 
uncertainty relating to the U.S. tariffs, then the downward trend in the profitability also, how 
are you looking at it, what constitutes the major of this INR406 crores closing balance. 
Mohan Joshi: Okay. So I'll tell you that within the capacity, the capacity will end up at 5 million. The 
capacity has capability issue also. So what happening -- what is happening right now is that 
within the business, the existing type of wheels are getting converted into a newer 
technology, which is flow formed wheel. So capacity remains at 5 million. 

[page 14]
Page 13 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
But customer says, no, no, no, I don't want lightweighting from the normal process, but I 
want this from this German process because it is getting highlighted and now it has become 
a brand. So we also want those kind of capex to be done, wherein the capacity remains at 5 
million. 
 But to add 1 million of flow formed wheels within that 5 million, I need to spend close to 
INR88 crores to INR90 crores. The customer pays me as an additional price, which is to 
cover my cost of capex over maybe 5 years, 6 years, 7 years.  
But although I don't need the capex, but customer says, because this capability is not there 
when I am exporting these cars to Indonesia or Brazil or any other Asian and European 
countries, you have to compete with Chinese or you have to compete with European cars. 
So to get this strength, you have to get this technology. So these are some of the reasons 
where the capex is being called, which is not adding capacity, but adding capability. 
Saket Kapoor: Correct. So sir, INR405 crores minus INR80 crores is clear, so... 
Mohan Joshi: The second thing is on the paint shop. The paint shop capability is also being asked now that 
suddenly there is a demand of tinted kind of wheels, which is not heard of in the country, 
and it is only heard in U.S. But because Mahindra is -- having a subsidiary in U.S., they are 
exposed to that market and the trends. So they say what is popular in U.S. needs to be brought 
to India. 
 So once this comes in, another INR30 crores, people are asking that, okay, you put up this 
paint facility also because I think my car should have it first before, say, a Tata Motor 
builds in or Maruti builds in. And tomorrow, Tata and Mahindra, Tata or Maruti or Renault 
Nissan or Hyundai also asked, we need to another further spend capex for bridging this 
capability gap. So such kind of activities are building the capex activities, which are -- I'm 
not saying that they are not needed, but it is for customer delight and customer has to 
compete in the market, so we have to do that. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And anything particular on the balance amount, sir, you want to allude to? 
Mohan Joshi: So I think within the capex, the capacity is getting added. And as I said, and Pranav added 
that we are going to be doing close to INR135 crores worth of capex, which is for the existing 
capacity addition for knuckles, for aluminum wheel capability building and some capex for 
the new knuckles and aluminum shed, which we are trying to build up for maybe 1.2 million 
to 1.5 million of aluminum wheels and maybe close to 0.5 million of knuckles in balance 6 
months. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And when we see the conclusion, sir? When will this all projects get capitalized? 
Mohan Joshi: See, I believe that in March, close to INR300 crores, INR350 crores worth of capitalization 

[page 15]
Page 14 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
should be doable given that what is the trajectory and our completion time and our handing 
over time. This is what I feel... 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And lastly, sir, we are done with H1, and that has all the unforeseen element of the 
tariff impact. So taking today into consideration and the plan B or the exposure towards the 
European market, as you have alluded previously, how should we look at H2 in terms of the 
revenue and the margin profile? 
Mohan Joshi: See, from the domestic side, I'm fairly confident that it is goi ng to remain as it was in the 
month of September, October and the things are good. Festive mood was okay. It was a peak, 
and it has tapered a little bit. But yes, Y-o-Y, it will be better. But the export side, I don't see 
any situation at least for these 2 months, where there is no clarity from the government. 
And maybe now government has expanded the Credit Guarantee program, so they are buying 
time for another maybe a quarter. So U.S. exports, I believe that they will remain like this. 
unless until something -- some ice breaks and you remove those tariffs, right? 
 So I think this margin profile will remain same in this context, given the fact that close to 
INR50 crores worth of quarterly U.S. revenues are gone, which are 14%, 15% or 13% kind 
of a margin. So we will go into that INR8 crores to INR10 crores worth of deficit because 
of the current situation. Once it comes back, this INR10 crores will get added up and 
efficiencies will also improve to improve the EBITDA. 
Saket Kapoor: Right, sir. And if I may conclude with, sir, we were looking for European acquisition earlier, 
our MD in one of the call, I think did mention about -- we're also looking and those players 
are also looking for us -- to get acquired by us. I think Mr. Dheeraj Garg commented on the 
same 2 or 3 quarters ago. So what is the status? And correct me, sir, there, whether my 
information is correct or not? 
Mohan Joshi: So I think there are multiple European wheel makers, be it aluminum or steel. The 
opportunities are always on the trot. There are, I think, four factories which are -- which 
were into IBC or bankruptcy code were sold in competition to many of the wheel makers 
from India or from the global platform to Chinese.  
And there are still 3, 4 opportunities, which is from aluminum to stee l wheel, which are 
there, where collaborative efforts are under discussion for having some kind of a 
collaboration where outright purchase is not being thought of. But I believe that, that is not 
a core area where we are trying to grab them. Unless until it comes at a very steep discount 
to build capability, it will be considered. Otherwise, I think Indian capability of matching 
the cost is not there in European side. 
 So I believe that we are interested on an asset which is worthwhile at a very deep discount 
else India is good enough to compete with them. And this trajectory for European region 

[page 16]
Page 15 of 15 
 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 13, 2025    
 
will continue to hang over their heads because of their inability to compete with the Asian 
side. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Pranav Jain: Yes. I hope we have been able to answer most of your queries. We look forward to your 
participation in the next quarter. For any further queries, you may contact SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
