Source: Kross Limited, Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call, held 27 July 2026, filed 2026-07-29.
Hosted by Equirus Securities. Investor relations: Kaptify Consulting.
Bull AI document_id fb423ec8-cb54-43a8-8b2a-f403ecafd7ed | https://docs.bull-ai.in/d/OUJxqr
Page-marked text pulled via Bull AI, 2026-09-17. Pages held: those cited by the card. 10 pages total.

===== PAGE 5: opening remarks close =====
"...operational efficiency, a better product mix, and benefits from our backward integration. Profit
before tax was at 178.27 million and our profit after tax grew 24.4% Y-o-Y to 133.12 million.
Our PAT margins for Q1 stood at 7.2%. If we look into our segment-wise revenue contribution, our
trailers, axles, suspensions, and our tipping segment has contributed to 41%, while the component
business stands at 59%... On our fund utilization from the IPO, we have utilized fully as per the
plan. This has been achieved and the funds deployed towards capacity expansion and working capital
have been as per plan."

===== PAGE 6: Shubham Batra, Ambit Asset Management =====
"on the trailer axles and suspension business, we have roughly grown 34% Y-o-Y, whereas if I look at
the underlying industry, the growth seems to be somewhere in the single digits. So, could you
highlight as to what is driving this growth for us? Are we gaining market share, increasing
distribution?"
Sumeet Rai: "We have, in Q1, we had got good orders and this was sort of like a spillover of the very
strong Q4 of FY26. So, the orders of Q4 FY26 sort of spilled over to Q1 FY27. As far as market share
is concerned, I can't really comment on it right now. These things are calculated more over a longer
term than just quarter-wise or month-wise. But, our sales in Q4 of FY26 were sort of capped by our
capacities. So, with the extrusion line in place, we hope that we'll build on these capacities and
further increase our sale going forward."
Same page: the questioner notes management "highlighted that most of the pass-through for steel
inflation for the CV segment is expected to come in Q2."

===== PAGE 9: Mihir Vora on volumes, capacity and debt =====
Sumeet Rai on the axle to suspension ratio: "our suspensions go along with the axles except for very
few customers. For most of the customers, the ratio of axle to suspension remains the same. So it is
more or less the same as before."
Mihir Vora: "Is it possible to just indicate the volumes for quarter one in axles and suspensions?"
Sumeet Rai: "Yes, the overall axle volume is almost at 9,500 numbers and the suspension volumes are
at around 3,200, 3,300 numbers, both mechanical and air put together."
Kunal Rai on capacity and debt: "as far as a capacity utilization is concerned with the ramp-up
coming in, now most of with the proceeds of the IPO, most of our capacity enhancements which we had
to do in our forging and casting segments, we have already done that... We would not be requiring any
more in the forging and casting for these volume ramp-up and we will still be operating at around a
70% utilization. Now machining capacities are continuously even being set up now for new product
lines, new product launches with our OEMs. That's a continuous effort... And secondly, in terms of
seamless tube, we have already taken the necessary term loan and debt for that. For our existing
business, there is no plan on any debt in the immediate timeline."
Mihir Vora: "So I think the fourth quarter debt which was say somewhere around INR54 crores odd will
be in that range only, maybe INR10, INR15 crores extra?"
Kunal Rai: "Yes, but as far as the total term loan we have taken for our seamless tube is
approximately INR100 crores. So it's obviously we are not utilizing that completely. We are only
going to utilize that when more and more machines start coming in."
On seamless tube timing: "We should commission our plant by quarter four. The furnace fabrication is
going as per plan. The first set of imported equipment has already reached us, the piercing mill, and
the other couple of other mills which are the forward integration to the piercing, they are on high
seas. So, I think by end of this financial year, we should be doing some production trials."

===== PAGE 10: pricing =====
Mihir Vora: "how does the price patterns work into the trailer axle segment wherein you are dealing
with fabricators and also slightly we face a competition from a larger player? So how would the
pricing action work here?"
Kunal Rai: "So, we have increased our prices on our trailer business with effect from 1st of April
itself... prices have to be in line with what competition is. And it is not that with such increased
cost on steel and other inputs, competitors cannot increase their price, right. They have to
obviously do it. Pricing is always in line with what competitors do, but we have already passed on a
price increase from the 1st of April and we will also be increasing more prices in terms of our
conversion costs and all going up, but they will all be in line with the competition which is there.
Especially when we are backward integrated with most of our products on the axle and suspension, it
is easier for us to have a good calculation on that."
Shubham Batra: "what is the price hike that you have taken in the axles business from 1st April, if
you can quantify it?"
Kunal Rai: "It is approximately between 3% to 5%."
Shubham Batra: "And does this largely set off the commodity pressure that we were seeing?"
Kunal Rai: "Well, with the increase in the steel prices, yes... we will be further increasing the
price on in terms of our input costs which have also gone up. So it has to be done in a staggered way
so that the customers also accept it. But we are looking at least another 1% or 2% increase further."
