

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
Date: July 07, 2026 
 
 
Resumption of Operations of Weaving Division at Dhamni Plant 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure       
Requirements)Regulations,2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (L isting Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) and the 
applicable SEBI Master  Circular, we wish to inform you that to our earlier intimation dated 
June 30, 2026 regarding the illegal strike by certain workers at the Company’s weaving division 
at Dhamni Plant, we hereby inform you that the workers have res umed work today and have 
given an undertaking and the matter has been presently resolved. 
 
With the intervention of the local Labour Commissioner’s office , the Police Authorities, i.e. 
the Superintendent of Police (SP ) and the Deputy Superintendent  of Police (Dy. SP) and the 
workmen’s advisors, discussions were held with the workers from  time to time. The workers 
were advised that the ongoing strike and obstruction of the Company’s operations were illegal 
and were asked to resume work in the interest of maintaining industrial peace and harmony. 
Additionally, the company has obt ained an order from the Indust rial Court restraining the 
workers from obstructing work and gathering around the factory.  
 
The company is in process of approaching the Regional Industrial Labour Court, Thane for the 
illegal strike and necessary further action. 
 
In accordance with the SEBI Mast e r  C i r c u l a r ,  t h e  r e q u i s i t e  d i s closures are set out below: 
 
Particulars Disclosure
a) insurance amount claimed and 
realized by the listed entity for the 
loss/damage; 
Nil 
b) the actual amount of damage caused 
due to the natural calamity or other force 
majeure events; 
Due to Illegal Strike, loss of standing 
charges is about Rs 35 Lakhs  
To, 
The General Manager, 
Capital Market (Listing),
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, BKC Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
To, 
Dy. General Manager Marketing 
Operations (Listing) BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai-400 001 
Symbol: RUBYMILLS Code:503169 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
 
c) details of steps taken to restore 
normalcy and the impact of the natural 
calamity/other force majeure events on 
production or service, financials of the 
entity. 
Management & Plant Heads were in touch 
with 
local Labour Commissioner’s office, the 
Police Authorities, i.e. the Superintendent of 
Police (SP) and the Deputy Superintendent of 
Police (Dy. SP) and the workmen’s advisors 
who collectively asked them to restore 
normalcy.
 
The Company expects restoration of normalcy and peaceful operations. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Ruby Mills Limited       
  
 
 
 
Anuradha Tendulkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No :- A55173 
 
 