

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Date:- July 17, 2026 
To, 
The General Manager, 
To, 
Dy. General Manager 
Capital Market (Listing), Marketin g Operations (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, BKC Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai-400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: RUBYMILLS Code:503169 
 
Registration of Cancellation Agreement 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
and the applicable SEBI Master Circular , and in continuation of the Company’s 
disclosures dated 3rd January,2025 and 12 th December,2025 relating to the mediation 
proceedings and execution of the Cancella tion Agreement between The Ruby Mills 
Limited (“the Company”) and Mindset Estates Private Limited (“the Developer”), we 
wish to inform you that: 
 
1. A Settlement Agreement has been ex ecuted pursuant to the mediation 
proceedings before Hon’ble Justice Sharukh J. Kathawala (Retd.); and 
 
2. A Cancellation Agreement has been ex ecuted between the Company and the 
Developer for giving effect to the cessation and termination of the 
Development Agreement and the same has now been duly registered with the 
Office of the Sub-Registrar of Assurances, Mumbai, in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Registration Act, 1908. 
 
The registration of the above documents formally records and gives legal effect to the 
cancellation already disclose d by the Company. The registration does not alter the 
commercial terms, rights, obligations, asset allocation or financial impact previously 
disclosed by the Company under its earlier intimations. 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
The Company reiterates that: 
 
The Settlement Agreement constitutes a full and final settlement between the parties; 
The Development Agreement stands cancelle d in accordance with the terms of the 
registered Cancellation Agreement and all ri ghts and obligations of the parties shall 
continue to be governed by the registered documents. 
 
The Company does not expect any addition al financial impact arising solely on 
account of the registration of the aforesaid agreements beyond what has already been 
appropriately considered in its financial statements and earlier disclosures. 
 
The disclosure is being made in the interest of transparency and good corporate 
governance. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 For The Ruby Mills Limited       
  
 
 
 
Anuradha Tendulkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No :- A55173 
 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
 
‘Annexure A’ 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
the Industry Standards Note on Regulation 30 of the LODR Regulations 
Sr.No. Details of Events that need to be 
provided 
Information of such events(s) 
1. Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered 
The Ruby Mills Limited and 
Mindset Estates Private Limited. 
 
2. Purpose of entering into the 
agreement 
Registration of the Settlement 
Agreement and Cancellation 
Agreement executed pursuant 
to the mediation proceedings for 
giving legal effect to the 
settlement and cancellation of 
the Development Agreement. 
 
3. Shareholding, if any, in the entity 
with whom the agreement is 
executed 
None 
4. Significant terms of the agreement 
(in brief) special rights like right to 
appoint directors, first right to share 
subscription in case of issuance of 
shares, right to restrict any change 
in capital structure etc. 
The Settlement Agreement 
provides for full and final 
settlement between the parties. 
The Cancellation Agreement 
records the cessation and 
cancellation of the Development 
Agreement. 
 
5. Whether, the said parties are related 
to promoter/promoter group/ 
group companies in any manner. If 
yes, nature of relationship 
No 
 
6. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length 
No 
 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
7. In case of issuance of shares to the 
parties, details of issue price, class of 
shares issued 
N.A. 
8. Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee 
on the board of directors of the listed 
entity, potential conflict of interest 
arising out of such agreements, etc 
N.A 
9. In case of termination or 
amendment of agreement, listed 
entity shall disclose additional 
details to the stock exchange(s 
i. name of parties to the 
agreement; - ruby and 
mindset 
 
 
ii. nature of the agreement; 
 
 
iii. date of execution of the 
agreement;  
 
iv. details of amendment and 
impact thereof or reasons 
of termination and impact 
thereof. -  
 
 
 
 
The Ruby Mills Limited (“the 
Company”) and Mindset Estates 
Private Limited (“the 
Developer”) 
 
Settlement Agreement and 
Cancellation Agreement 
 
July 17,2026 
 
The Settlement Agreement 
provides for full and final 
settlement between the parties. 
The Cancellation Agreement 
records the cessation and 
cancellation of the Development 
A
greement. 
 
 