[page 1]
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748; Email Id: mm@qmsmas.com 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C 1, Block G, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Company Symbol: QMSMEDI 
ISIN: INE0FMW01018 
Sub: Press Release – QMS Medical Allied Services signs a five-year agreement with HEINE 
Optotechnik, a global primary diagnostic instruments player, for exclusive marketing and 
distribution rights in India. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, enclosed herewith the copy of the Press Release which 
will be given with regard to QMS Medical Allied Services signs a five-year agreement with HEINE 
Optotechnik, a global primary diagnostic instruments player, for exclusive marketing and 
distribution rights in India. 
 
A copy of the press release is also uploaded on the Company's website. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
TORAL BHADRA  
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A56927 
DATE: AUGUST 27, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
 
TORAL 
JAILESH 
BHADRA
Digitally signed by 
TORAL JAILESH 
BHADRA 
Date: 2026.08.27 
11:22:45 +05'30'

[page 2]
 
QMS Medical Allied Services signs a five-year agreement with 
HEINE Optotechnik, a global primary diagnostic instruments player, 
for exclusive marketing and distribution rights in India 
 
 QMS to be the sole distributor for HEINE Optotechnik’s wide range of 
primary diagnostic instruments across India 
 The agreement is valid for five years, starting from 1st January 2027 
 QMS’s product business will receive a major boost owing to the agreement 
– riding on pan-India distribution capabilities 
 Indian market contributed net revenues of 2.6 million Euros (~Rs. 30 crore) 
in 2026 for HEINE 
 
Mumbai, August 27th, 2026: QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (NSE Symbol: QMSMEDI; 
ISIN: INE0FMW01018), a leading integrated healthcare solutions company, today signed an 
exclusive agreement with HEINE Optotechnik, a globally reputed primary diagnostic instruments 
company. The agreement was signed today at the HEINE headquarters in Gilching, Germany, by 
Allan Dabreo,  General Manager, Hospital & Distribution Division, representing QMS and Time 
Martin, Chief Operations Officer, representing HEINE. 
 
Under the agreement, QMS will be the sole distributor in India for HEINE for five years, starting 1st 
January 2027. HEINE’s net revenues from India for calendar year 2026 are expected to be around 
2.6 million Euros (~Rs. 30 crore). The company expects the turnover to increase to Rs. 70 crore 
by 2031 owing to the partnership.  
 
The contract products, as defined by the agreement, include General Medicine and ENT-
Instruments, 
Dermatoscopes 
and 
Digital 
Documentation, 
Ophthalmic 
Instruments, 
Laryngoscopes, Loupes and Headlights, Veterinary Diagnostic Instruments, Power Sources, 
Bulbs, Cases, Spare parts, and a range of special products. As per the agreement, HEINE shall 
not appoint or supply any other distributor, dealer or commercial partner for the sale or distribution 
of such products in India, directly or indirectly. 
 
Commenting on the agreement, Mr Mahesh Makhija, Chairman & Managing Director, QMS 
Medical Allied Services Limited, said, “We are thrilled to welcome HEINE Optotechnik to the 
QMS family. The exclusive partnership is central to our product business expansion strategy and 
will help us accelerate our growth trajectory over the next five years. Besides, this collaboration 
will open more doors for the company to capitalise on its wider presence and established reputation 
in a fast-growing Indian healthcare space.”  
 
HEINE commenced operations in 1946 and now ranks among the world’s leading manufacturers 
of primary diagnostic instruments. The company continues to develop and manufacture 
instruments at its facilities in Germany, combining decades of experience and craftsmanship with 
the most modern manufacturing technologies. HEINE is represented in over 120 countries 
worldwide, with subsidiaries in Australia, the US, Canada, and Switzerland, as well as 3,000 
representatives, importers, and specialist dealers. The company has 500 employees and is a 
completely family-owned enterprise.  
 
QMS is India’s only listed player with a demonstrated presence and market share in the fast-
growing preventive healthcare management and pharma marketing segments. The company 
serves more than 10 lakh patients and has partnered with over 50 leading pharmaceutical and 
healthcare companies across India. In June this year, the company migrated to the NSE 
mainboard. Owing to its two growth engines – a reliable and scalable product vertical and a high-

[page 3]
 
growth, future-ready services portfolio- QMS has set an ambitious target of surpassing Rs. 500 
crore revenue milestone by FY29. 
 
 
About QMS Medical Allied Services Ltd 
QMS Medical Allied Services Ltd (QMS MAS) is an integrated healthcare solutions company operating across 
healthcare products and services. The company provides capabilities spanning patient engagement, Patient 
Service Programs (PSPs), disease management, preventive healthcare initiatives, patient screening and medical 
camps, healthcare staffing, and medical and diagnostic solutions. 
 
Through its integrated healthcare approach, QMS supports pharmaceutical companies, healthcare providers, and 
patients by improving patient access, enabling continuity of care, and enhancing healthcare outcomes. Leveraging 
a combination of healthcare expertise, digital capabilities, and scalable service models, QMS continues to 
strengthen its role across the evolving healthcare ecosystem. 

