[page 1]
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748; Email Id: mm@qmsmas.com 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C 1, Block G, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Company Symbol: QMSMEDI 
ISIN: INE0FMW01018 
Sub: Press Release – HCAH and QMS Join Hands to Create India’s Largest Patient Support 
Program Platform. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, enclosed herewith the copy of the Press Release titled 
“HCAH and QMS Join Hands to Create India’s Largest Patient Support Program 
Platform.” 
 
The said Press Release will also be available on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://qmsmas.com/ 
 
Kindly take the same on your records and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
TORAL BHADRA  
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A56927 
DATE: SEPTEMBER 25, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
 
TORAL 
JAILESH 
BHADRA
Digitally signed by TORAL 
JAILESH BHADRA 
Date: 2026.09.25 19:34:11 
+05'30'

[page 2]
 
 
HCAH and QMS Join Hands to Create India’s Largest Patient Support 
Program Platform 
 PSP businesses of both companies to be merged into Saarathi, a 100% subsidiary of 
QMS  
 The merged entity would aim at capturing leadership position amidst complementary 
capabilities across enrolment, adherence, camps, distribution and patient engagement 
 
Mumbai, September 25, 2026: Health Care At Home India Pvt Ltd (HCAH) and QMS Medical Allied Services 
Limited (QMS) (NSE: QMSMEDI), a leading integrated healthcare solutions company listed on the NSE Main Board, 
today announced the signing of definitive documents for a strategic merger of their pharma services businesses to 
create a scaled provider of patient support program (PSP) solutions for pharmaceutical companies across India. 
Under the terms, the PSP business verticals of both HCAH and QMS would merge into Saarathi Healthcare, a 
100% subsidiary of QMS.  
 
Together, the combined platform will operate 160+ Patient Support Programs impacting over 1.2 million+ 
patients, supported by 2,000+ professionals across 35+ cities, with complementary capabilities spanning patient 
screening, enrolment, therapy initiation, adherence, patient assistance and disease management. The combined 
entity will be India’s largest patient support platform, serving top Indian and MNC pharma companies. The 
partnership is intended to create a larger and more comprehensive platform while maintaining continuity for existing 
clients, programs and teams through the transition.  
 
Mahesh Makhija, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director, QMS Medical Allied Services Limited, said: “The 
combination brings together two complementary platforms with strong capabilities across patient support and 
engagement. By bringing these capabilities together, we aim to create greater scale, reach and execution capability 
for pharmaceutical companies while helping more patients access the support they need throughout their treatment 
journey. This initiative would also fortify the value creation for the shareholders at QMS.” 
 
Aditya Burman, Non-Executive Director, HCAH, and Director, Dabur India Ltd, said: “Patient support is 
increasingly becoming an integral part of the healthcare journey, particularly as chronic conditions require sustained 
engagement beyond the point of treatment initiation. The combination of HCAH’s and QMS’s capabilities creates a 
scaled platform with the reach, technology and execution capabilities to support patients and pharmaceutical 
partners across the continuum of care” 
 
The partnership brings together experience and capabilities spanning health and awareness camps, disease 
screening, enrolment, disease management, therapy initiation, adherence, patient assistance and ongoing patient 
engagement. The combined platform will enable pharmaceutical companies to support patients across a broader 
range of touchpoints throughout the patient journey from identification to therapy adherence. 
 
The global patient support services market is estimated at c.US$70 billion, with the India market growing at a 
CAGR of 15-20% to reach c.US$1 billion by 2030, driven by tighter promotional regulations, industry formalisation, 
rising chronic disease prevalence, increasing digital adoption and greater focus on continuous patient monitoring 
and recovery. 
 
 
 
About QMS Medical Allied Services Ltd 
QMS Medical Allied Services Ltd (QMS MAS) is an integrated healthcare solutions company operating across healthcare products and services. 
The company provides capabilities spanning patient engagement, Patient Service Programs (PSPs), disease management, preventive 
healthcare initiatives, patient screening and medical camps, healthcare staffing, and medical and diagnostic solutions. 
Through its integrated healthcare approach, QMS supports pharmaceutical companies, healthcare providers, and patients by improving patient 
access, enabling continuity of care, and enhancing healthcare outcomes. Leveraging a combination of healthcare expertise, digital capabilities, 
and scalable service models, QMS continues to strengthen its role across the evolving healthcare ecosystem. 

[page 3]
 
 
 
About HCAH 
HCAH is one of India's leading rehabilitation and out-of-hospital care platforms, delivering physician-led recovery, home healthcare, elderly care 
and pharma-partnered Patient Support Programs across the country. HCAH is backed by Quadria Capital GP alongside Foundation PE, 
Temasek-backed ABC Impact and the Burman family. 
 
For Media Queries: 
Name: Deepali Shah 
 
Mob. No.: 9029557708 
Email Id: deepali@fortunapr.com 

