===== PDF page 1 =====
 
 
GNG Electronics Limited 
(Formerly known as GNG Electronics Private Limited) 
CIN: L72900MH2006PLC165194 
415, Hubtown Solaris, N. S. Phadke Marg, Opp. Saiwadi Telli Galli, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 069, Maharashtra, India. 
www.electronicsbazaar.com | Email Id: compliance@electronicsbazaar.com 
 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
To,                                         
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C-1, Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051 
To,                                         
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
NSE Symbol - EBGNG Scrip Code – 544455 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors pertaining to the Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2025- Disclosure under 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith is the transcript of the Conference call with 
Analysts / Investors held on November 04, 2025, post declaration of the Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The same has also been disseminated on the website of the Company. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on records. 
 
FOR GNG ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
 
 
________________________________ 
Sarita Vishwakarma 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
Membership No. A59547 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF page 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“GNG Electronics Limited Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHARAD KHANDELWAL – FOUNDER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GNG ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PANCHOLI – DIRECTOR, GNG 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH JHUNJHUNWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GNG ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: M S. SAVLI MANGLE – ADFACTORS IR 

===== PDF page 3 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the GNG Electronics Limited Q2 and H1 
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Savli Mangle from Adfactors IR. Thank you, and over to 
you, Ms. Savli. 
Savli Mangle: Thank you, Rutuja. Good evening, everyone. And welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings 
Call of GNG Electronics Limited. 
Today we have with us Mr. Sharad Khandelwal – Founder and Managing Director, Mr. Ajay 
Pancholi – Director, Mr. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala – Chief Financial Officer and the Adfactors team. 
We will begin the call with an “Opening Remarks” from the Management, after which we will 
open the forum for an interactive Q&A session.  
Must remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. The statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
Having said that, I now hand over to Mr. Sharad Khandelwal – Founder and Managing Director 
of GNG Electronics, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sharad Khandelwal: Good evening, everyone, and welcome to GNG Electronics Q2 FY'26 Earnings Call.  
It is a pleasure to be speaking with all of you today, our shareholders, partners, and colleagues 
at a time when both our company and our industry are undergoing profound transformation. 
Over the past few quarters, we have seen GNG evolve from being a fast-growing refurbisher to 
become a technology enabler, powering a more intelligent, sustainable, and inclusive digital 
world.  
This quarter is particularly significant. It marks our first full reporting period as a listed company. 
I want to begin by expressing my gratitude to our investors for their confidence, to our customers 
for their trust, and to our colleagues across geographies for their relentless drive. Our journey is 
built on a simple but powerful belief, that access to cutting-edge technology shouldn't be limited 
by cost or constrained by availability.  
We are living through a remarkable moment in computing history. Artificial intelligence is no 
longer a distant future. It is here reshaping how people learn, create, and work. But as demand 
===== PDF page 4 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 18 
for smarter, faster, AI-enabled system surges, the world is also confronting new challenges, chip 
shortages, sustainability imperatives, and widening digital divides.  
GNG's global business model built around refurbishment, renewal, and circular efficiency stands 
right at the intersection of these forces. We are enabling access to intelligence, not just devices; 
progress, not just performance.  
As I often say at GNG, we don't just measure growth in numbers, but in the impact we create. 
Every refurbished system we deliver means more people empowered, more resources conserved, 
and more innovation made possible.  
Over the next few minutes, we will walk you through how we have delivered another strong 
quarter of growth, expanded margins, and continue to build resilience into our business model. 
You will also hear how we are positioning GNG Electronics to lead the new chapter of the AI-
driven computing cycle responsibly, inclusively and profitably, and how we have been able to 
build our brand equity of Electronics bazaar in India and around the world, including developed 
economies.  
Let's start with AI: 
At GNG, we believe the next wave of growth will be shaped by how technology moves closer 
to the user - not just in the cloud, but on every desk in every enterprise. Our laptops and 
computing devices are becoming the access points of intelligence, powered by edge AI, 
sustainable design, and seamless connectivity.  
Now for 50 years, technology was all about calculating and computing. But now we are evolving 
into machines that help us think and are thinking for us. And what are these models creating? 
They are creating intelligence.  
As AI continues to expand into business and governments around the world, the opportunity 
ahead for us is massive. As case in point, AI is now driving nearly 45% of U.S. GDP growth and 
analysts project that by 2030, AI will add over USD $15 trillion to the global economy, pushing 
global GDP towards USD $150 trillion. Customers are hungry to understand AI and they need 
to deploy intelligence at scale at very affordable prices, offering immense opportunity for us.  
Our strength lies in how we operate through efficient global sourcing of high-end systems and a 
deeply engineered refurbishment process that restores these devices to enterprise-grade 
performance. By refurbishing laptops to precise quality standards, we enable individuals, 
startups, institutions, and enterprises to access AI-ready systems at a fraction of original cost 
with 1-3 years of credible and proven warranty without compromising reliability and 
performance.  
In a global economy, moving towards intelligent, sustainable technology, GNG stands at a 
unique intersection where AI capability meets circular efficiency. We are transforming how 
===== PDF page 5 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 18 
technology is sourced, renewed, and delivered, turning what was once excess and unusable asset 
into a catalyst for progress. Our purpose is clear, to make AI-enabled computing attainable for 
all, while building a future that values innovation, access, and responsibility in equal measure.  
As artificial intelligence reshapes the global technology landscape, it is triggering one of the 
largest surges in computing demand the world has ever seen. The early stages of AI adoption 
are just the beginning, and the models we see today, while impressive, represent just the 
foundation, with each wave of innovation taking us further.  
In this new era, the laptop has evolved from being a personal productivity device to becoming 
the primary interface through which millions of professionals, students, and creators engage with 
intelligent systems. This shift has transformed computing from a utility into an enabler of 
imagination, collaboration, and productivity, redefining how people learn, create, and work.  
Electronics Bazaar is the core enabler of the next global technology cycle driven by AI, and at 
GNG Electronics, we see AI as a value multiplier, not just an automation tool, but a catalyst for 
redesigning core business processes. Our next-generation laptops are built to empower this 
transformation, enabling businesses to unlock AI-driven insights, streamline workflows, and 
elevate productivity across every function.  
The demand for high-performance AI-ready laptops is accelerating rapidly across sectors. As 
the computing world shifts from a cloud-only model to a world of “AI everywhere”, laptops are 
emerging as the foundation of this intelligent revolution -personal, portable, and powerful, they 
are no longer just devices;they are the engines of AI productivity.  
However, this explosion in adoption coincides with an equally critical challenge 
:The world is entering a period of supply constraints. Global semiconductor shortages, power 
bottlenecks in data centers, and a heavy concentration of chip manufacturing capacity have all 
begun to strain the availability of new devices. Bain's 2025 analysis warns of an impending AI 
chip crunch as hyperscalers, governments and enterprises compete for the same finite pool of 
advanced processors.  
In such an environment, where demand is soaring and supply is tightening, GNG Electronics 
finds itself in a uniquely advantageous position. Our business model, centered around the 
refurbishment and reconfiguration of high-end laptops, offers an agile and sustainable solution 
to this market imbalance. By sourcing, renewing, and upgrading premium laptops, GNG can 
deliver enterprise-grade performance without depending on new chip production cycles. 
Refurbished laptops optimized for AI workloads and enhanced memory, storage, and GPU 
capabilities can meet the needs of modern users at a fraction of the cost and time required for 
new manufacturing.  
This approach not only addresses the immediate supply constraints, but also aligns with global 
priorities around sustainability and the circular economy. As industries and governments alike 
focus on responsible consumption and reducing e-waste, GNG stands at the intersection of 
===== PDF page 6 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 18 
innovation and necessity. By providing AI-ready refurbished laptops, the company ensures that 
the benefits of artificial intelligence remain accessible, affordable, and sustainable, even as the 
global tech ecosystem grapples with supply side challenges.  
While traditional OEMs struggle with constrained supply chains, GNG Electronics bridges the 
gap between global demand and responsible production. From the AI PC that you can hold in 
your hand, to enterprise-scale deployments, the world is going to need a whole lot more compute, 
storage, and networking, which is exactly where GNG can contribute. AI is driving an era of 
intelligent computing, and GNG Electronics is ensuring that access to this intelligence remains 
open and inclusive, powering the AI revolution, one refurbished laptop at a time.  
As AI adoption continues to accelerate across businesses, education, and creative industries, 
GNG Electronics is poised to become a critical enabler of this transformation. Its expertise in 
delivering premium, performance-optimized laptops will allow organizations to scale their AI 
ambitions without being constrained by hardware shortages. Through this, GNG is not merely 
responding to technological change, it is helping define a new responsible model for growth in 
the AI economy, one where intelligence and sustainability power progress together.  
Now I would like to talk about our brand, Electronics Bazaar: 
Over the last few years, GNG Electronics Limited has embarked on a focused journey to build 
Electronics Bazaar into a global brand-led enterprise. This evolution reflects the company's 
growing maturity, self-sufficiency, and commitment to long-term value creation through a 
unified identity.  
As we have expanded internationally, we have consciously strengthened our brand ecosystem, 
integrating procurement, refurbishment, quality control, and after-sales service under a single 
framework. By consolidating these core functions, we ensure higher process efficiency, 
consistent quality, and full ownership across the value chain, marking a significant milestone in 
our journey towards becoming a globally recognized leader in sustainable technology solutions.  
Our proprietary brand, Electronics Bazaar, enjoys strong credibility, brand pull, and global 
demand across multiple markets, i.e., in more than 40 countries. Given our proven operational 
capabilities and growing customer trust, channelizing resources toward our own brand, 
synonymous with reliability, credibility, and value, it is a natural progression.  
Refurbished ICT devices, with standardized and like-new looks, performance, and credible 
warranty, is a global category creation pioneered by us. Through this evolution, Electronics 
Bazaar has assumed a central role in customer engagement. Leading with our own brand identity 
allows us to capture more value internally, improve margins, and deliver a seamless, consistent 
experience to customers globally.  
This ensures superior efficiency, faster turnaround, streamlined workflows, and complete 
process control and empowering our teams with full ownership of quality and output. With a 
===== PDF page 7 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 18 
proven in-house system, managing refurbishment and service quality, Electronics Bazaar 
embodies world-class standards. Guided by our “long-tail to long-tail” philosophy, which 
diversifies both supply and demand, expanding our proprietary brand, reach, enhances resilience, 
scalability, and profitability.  
Today, Electronics Bazaar stands as a trusted global brand in the refurbished ICT sector, 
combining quality, efficiency, and sustainability. Through our fully integrated value chain, 
spanning procurement, refurbishment, and distribution, we deliver consistent value at every 
stage. Guided by our principle of “Buy Better, Refurbish Better, Sell Better”, our scalable multi-
country business model serves primarily B2B customers and resellers by offering: 
1. Consistent and reliable product supply,  
2. Like-new functional and aesthetic quality,  
3. Comprehensive replacement warranties.  
With sales diversified across 40 countries, we are well-protected from region-specific risks. Our 
strong independent sales and distribution network minimizes dependency on any single partner 
or customer, ensuring direct engagement, stable margins and sustained long-term value creation. 
Electronics Bazaar is now a symbol of operational excellence, sustainability and leadership in 
the global circular technology economy. 
I will now hand over to our CFO – Rakeshji, who will take you through half yearly performance 
of the company. Thank you very much.  
Ajay Pancholi: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Happy to share our half yearly results. GNG Electronics has 
delivered another quarter of strong performance, reinforcing its leadership in the high-end 
refurbished ICT devices segment and sustaining its growth momentum through the first half of 
FY'26.  
During the quarter, revenue has grown to Rs. 4,399 million, marking a 41% sequential increase 
over Q1 FY‘26 and a 25% rise Y-o-Y, driven by higher throughput, strong institutional demand 
and continued expansion across both domestic and international markets, particularly the Middle 
East and the U.S.  
For the first half of FY'26, consolidated revenue has reached Rs. 7,522 million, representing 
approximately 24% Y-o-Y growth, reflecting the company's ability to scale consistently across 
geographies and customer segments.  
Gross margin for Q2 FY'26 stood at 19.9%, compared with 14.5% in Q2 FY'25, reflecting 37% 
Y-o-Y margin growth, while H1 gross margin averaged 20.5% versus 16.9% in H1 FY'25, 
underscoring significant margin expansion.  
===== PDF page 8 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 18 
EBITDA for Q2 FY’26 rose to Rs. 467.81 million, translating into a margin of 10.63% versus 
10.17% in Q2 FY'25, while H1 EBITDA stood at Rs. 819 million with a margin of 10.9% versus 
10.4% in H1 FY'25 highlighting strong operating leverage and structural cost efficiency.  
Profit after tax for Q2 FY'26 stood at Rs. 326 million, with a PAT margin of 7.4%, up from Rs. 
230 million which was 6.5% in Q2 FY'25, reflecting 42% Y-o-Y growth in PAT. For the first 
half year, PAT totaled to Rs. 512 million, translating to a 6.8% margin, against Rs. 352 million, 
reflecting 45% Y-o-Y growth, demonstrating steady profitability and strong earnings.  
Together, Q2 FY’26 and H1 FY’26 performance reflecting GNG’s consistent execution, the 
company continues to benefit from its asset-light model, positioning it well for sustained growth 
and profitability in the second half of the year.  
Moderator: Shall we start with the question-and-answer session?  
Sharad Khandelwal: Yes, sure.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: So, my first question is on the inventory. So, want to understand what is the total percentage of 
inventory which is aged beyond one year to understand the saleability of the products as the 
inventory gets older? 
 Ajay Pancholi: So, to answer your question, we have no inventory which is more than one year old, which 
essentially answers that there is no old running stock that we carry on our books. So, as we have 
emphasized over the period of last couple of quarters or last quarter as well as this, we continue 
to have a robust monitoring of inventory in terms of what we buy and what we sell. So, always 
the focus is to buy products that have a good turnaround time in terms of market acceptability. 
And that is clearly what we have been able to achieve over the years. And that is also reflective 
of the fact that we have had no history of inventory write-offs.  
Hiten Boricha: And sir, also if you can throw some comments on receivable, which has increased from Rs. 67-
odd crores to Rs. 175 crores this year? 
Ajay Pancholi: So, as you would imagine, our business is a working capital-intensive business. We compete 
with brands as well or companies that sell new products as well. And the requirement of this 
business is that we need to support our channel with credit. So, the typical credit period that we 
offer is pretty much in line with what is offered by typical businesses, and which is in the range 
of somewhere between 30 to 35-odd days. And we see receivables on similar lines.  
 And again, I would like to emphasize on the same breath the way we have full control over our 
inventory. We are also very mindful and meticulous in terms of to whom we sell. This is also 
demonstrated by the fact that, again, we have had no history of bad debts. Receivables are well 
===== PDF page 9 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 18 
managed. And we necessarily need to support our channels in terms of enhancing our product 
acceptability in newer markets, newer geographies. And at the same point of time, we have been 
able to consistently maintain our receivables without any hiccups in terms of any write-offs or 
anything of that nature.  
Hiten Boricha: Sir, my second question is on the warranty side. So, we provide warranty on our products. So, if 
you can share the total warranty liability which is reflected in our balance sheet.  
Ajay Pancholi: So, I would like to highlight that our warranty, it is a three-year warranty for all products that 
we sell in India. And for our global sales, the sales that happens out of India, the warranty is a 
one-year period.  
 Now, it is important to highlight that while we have introduced the three-year warranty about a 
year ago. and why did we offer the three-year warranty on the domestic side as well is to ensure 
that we have good acceptability of our product in the market. We have had a good trajectory in 
terms of our product quality and output. And that is demonstrated by the fact that we enhanced 
our warranty from one year to three years, primarily because we really saw that the products 
were working well, well accepted. And also from a history perspective, the warranty incidence 
that was coming in was about 2%- 2.1% of our sales volume.  
 Having said that, given we have not outsourced warranty as a proposition to any third party, our 
costs of servicing this warranty is extremely low in the 10 to 12-odd basis points. And hence, 
we are currently taking it entirely to our P&L. We do not see incremental warranty costs also as 
we keep on scaling up. We expect it to be on similar lines in terms of the cost. So, hence, we are 
not taking it. We have not had a provisioning mechanism for now. But maybe in the longer run, 
we will think of instituting that in due course.  
Hiten Boricha: Sir, my last question is on the finance cost. So, our debt has come down from...  
Ajay Pancholi: Maybe if you could come back in the queue, that would be appropriate. Two questions at a time, 
please, if you don't mind. 
Hiten Boricha: I will be back in the queue.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Abhi Mevawala from Okane Capital. Please go ahead.  
Abhi Mevawala: So, you mentioned that around Rs. 220 crores of debt in last con call you paid, and around Rs. 
100 crores you will be paying in few days. So, still there are around Rs. 205 CR on balance 
sheet. So, what is the reason behind this?  
Ajay Pancholi: Sorry, would you repeat your question?  
===== PDF page 10 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 18 
Abhi Mevawala: So, basically, in last con call, you said that around Rs. 220 CR of debt you already paid, and in 
few days, you said that around Rs. 100 CR of UAE debt, you will be paid. But still, on balance 
sheet, there is a Rs. 205 CR of debt.  
Ajay Pancholi: So, let me address that. So, let me give you an overall perspective of what the debt situation is.  
In terms of net debt as on 31st March, our gross debt was about Rs. 447-odd crores and net debt 
of about Rs. 390-odd crores.  
 What has happened in the last quarter is yes, we have consummated our IPO. The net debt 
position as of 30th September is a total of Rs. 158 crores. This duly factors in all the repayments 
that we had envisaged by way of the IPO, which is Rs. 220-odd crores of working capital debt 
repayment in India, as well as the incremental debt that we had in the UAE subsidiary as well. 
So, those repayments have also happened.  
 As I mentioned, the net debt is at about Rs. 158 crores. That is purely working capital debt that 
is continuing on the books. So, the use of proceeds have been addressed towards the objective 
that the funds had been raised.  
Abhi Mevawala: And sir, any additional funding is required for future growth or this fund is sufficient for two to 
three years’ growth?  
Ajay Pancholi: Yes. So, as we see, the current equity base is pretty much robust and will take care of our future 
growth. And the equity base also provides us with reasonable headroom for any opportunities 
that come our way going forward. So, we do not see the need for any incremental equity raise in 
the near to medium term future. That having said, the headroom that will be available as 
opportunities keep on coming our way will be sufficient for us to address and in an opportune 
manner take those opportunities with the headroom that is available from the debt headroom.  
Abhi Mevawala: And the last question. I want to know about competition in the market. Are there any competition 
in terms of better pricing to suppliers that supplier shifting to other players? Anything like that?  
Sharad Khandelwal: This is Sharad. Can you repeat your question, please?  
Abhi Mevawala: So, I am asking that is there any competition in the market like peers give better pricing to your 
suppliers like that and they are shifting to other players? 
Sharad Khandelwal: No, no, not that way. See, number one, we are international. We are now selling in 42 countries. 
We are selling in Europe around 18-odd countries. We are selling in Middle East and we are 
selling in the U.S. as well as obviously in India. So, the competitions what we face are regional, 
but what we are doing equal-to-new product with performance and very credible warranty and 
responsive warranty is making us stand out separately.  
 Our proposition, which is more like a service than a product, is gaining more acceptance day-
by-day and which will have obviously positive impact on profitability as we move along. This 
===== PDF page 11 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 18 
business is very, very supply chain oriented. We have global supply chain, and we can procure 
products in one territory and sell in another territory. This advantage at this point of time, no one 
in the world is having.  
 We are not encountering any competition as such, but yes, there is regional competition. More 
and more people are accepting refurbished products now by Electronics Bazaar. That proposition 
is gaining acceptance, more so with warranty, with equal performance. The product goes in 
unique packaging. The product gets its due respect. And more and more people who are 
heretofore selling brand new product, whether it is in Miami or Frankfurt or in Middle East or 
India, are selling products refurbished by us. Even the big distributors, in due course of time, 
will update you, are now aligning with us, so that they want to sell our product. It is not easy to 
buy refurbished products from anyone. It is not easy to sell refurbished products of anyone.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures. Please go 
ahead.  
Paras Chheda: And two queries, sir. Sir, you had last time on the last con call mentioned that the impact of the 
U.S. tariffs is probably not going to be there on our company and we are in a better place. Do 
you continue to still feel that going forward, there is not going to be any impact on the tariffs 
front? That is number one.  
 And secondly, do you have any guidance? I presume that the guidance for this year, FY'26, 
probably of northwards of 20% is probably holding for now. Do you have any updated guidance 
for FY '27 as of now? These are the two questions for now. 
Sharad Khandelwal: Thank you, Paras. Nice to hear you back again. With respect to U.S. tariffs, the impact is still 
not there and we don't anticipate it to come. There are a number of reasons for that. As I 
mentioned, that 8471 HSN, which relates to computers, which we primarily deal in, does not 
attract any custom tariff in America, including the baseline tariff of 10%.  
 Only except when the product is China-produced, there also recently the duty has come down 
from 20% to 10%. But that doesn't also impact us because we procure products from the U.S., 
refurbish and sell back to the U.S. market. So, our tariff impact is only on the value addition 
part, which is $15. So, 10% on that is very, very miniscule number.  
 Number four is because the tariff impact both brand new and refurbished equally, the delta of 
both this delta gap remains.  
 And this number five, the UAE facility and India's facility that brings the cost and skill set 
advantage, they are simply not there in the developed economies. Our proposition remains 
strong. And we are not impacted by U.S. tariff at all. And we don't anticipate that in the near 
future.  
===== PDF page 12 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 18 
 With respect to guidance, the guidance that we gave in our previous call, 20%-25% top-line 
growth and 75 bps margin improvement, that still holds because we want to lean on the side of 
caution.  
 With respect to '26-'27, let's wait for the next earning call. Maybe we will be better placed. And 
the idea is to remain more conservative. But I can tell you one thing is that it is possible and we 
are endeavoring in that direction. The credible warranty, the quality and credibility that we have 
been able to offer and which is finding a lot of acceptance will be able to drive margins for us.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. Please 
go ahead.  
Kunal Mehta: So, my question is that in this quarter or even in this half-year result, we saw 24%, 25% growth 
Y-o-Y and gross profit grew about 71% on a consolidated level, but the EBITDA just grew 41%. 
So, even though our gross margin improved by about 500 bps, our EBITDA did not see major 
improvement. Can you highlight why the gross margin grew this much, and why EBITDA did 
not grow and what are the peak EBITDA levels that we can expect going ahead?  
Ajay Pancholi: So, in terms of EBITDA margin guidance, we have been able to enhance our gross margins on 
account of our ability to procure better and sell better, right? Having said that, in terms of 
trajectory, where do we expect the EBITDA margins to span? Last year, you would have seen 
our EBITDA margins were in the, I think, about 9-odd percent ballpark range.  
 Now, that was for the full year. This year, we are expecting the EBITDA margins at north of 
10% plus. We anticipate to keep on enhancing our margins by, as Sharadji mentioned, by about 
75-odd basis points. And this will get reflected as we continue to grow and the product is more 
acceptable in the market.  
 Also importantly, it is worth highlighting that, in terms of margins is, in this last quarter and the 
first half, there has been a lot of investments that we have put in place in terms of talent and 
people. So, we are really gearing up in terms to take up the opportunity. And that is what, if you 
look at our employee cost, that’s really come up a bit. And that's really reflective of the fact that 
we have added talent. We have scaled up from about 1,100 odd people last year, 1143 at the 
same time last year to about 1,500 odd people.  
 Also important to highlight that the sales and marketing function, which is one of the core 
aspects, that has also been enhanced from about 90-odd members to go to about 150-plus. So, 
despite these temporary increases, the cost discipline remains evident and the expense ratios are 
around range bound. Operating leverage will kick in, and that is really how we see the EBITDA 
margin and the operating margins kicking up as we move forward.  
Kunal Mehta: Sir, the other expenses have almost grown by 176% like Y-o-Y. So, what are the warranty 
expense that has been in the P&L, what are the other major expense line items in other expenses?  
===== PDF page 13 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 18 
Ajay Pancholi: So, yes, in other expenses, the major line items pertain to, I would say, the logistics cost, 
marketing and travel and hiring costs and so on and so forth. So, if you really look at the key 
costs, as I mentioned, just to emphasize, there is a lot of investments that we have done, which 
is also a lot of the travel, the marketing, etc., we have hired people across in the Middle East and 
in the U.S. as well as in India. That really is reflective of the other costs also moving up. And 
we definitely see these investments to really give us the fruits as we go and invite on the 
opportunities as they come our way.  
Kunal Mehta: Sir, my second question is, I think in the opening comments, sir spoke about AI automation. So, 
what kind of automation are we bringing in our capacity lines or the refurbishment lines? And 
how much is our total capacity, if you can mention that as well, for refurbishment?  
Sharad Khandelwal: See AI, I mentioned as the AI is changing the world as we see it today because AI is coming in 
every walk of life and that AI comment I have reserved for my closing comment also. What I 
meant by AI is that we are making products ready for use by as enterprise-led AI to be used. AI 
is really changing the world we live in. It is changing how we study, how we work, and how we 
do our business.  
 And similarly, that is increasing the demand for high-end computers. For us, that is a massive 
opportunity because it leads us to enterprise-grade hardware, the server, workstation. The 
comments I have reserved for my closing remarks, and I will touch upon at that point of time.  
 We are seeing more and more demand for high-end computing. And we are seeing more and 
more demand for the computers with high-end processors and high-end memory and high-end 
SSDs. So, that is changing. And that kind of product, affordable and credible, both, as a 
refurbished product, is really, really putting us in a very, very strong position and very 
advantageous position.  
 In terms of our capacity, since we are now requiring more space because of enterprise-grade 
computers and servers and all this, we are taking more space, which I’ll elaborate on later. But 
at this point of time, our current capacity globally is north of 120,000 units a month.  
Kunal Mehta: I will jump back in the queue for more questions.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: Sir, first question is, if I see your results, last year, second half, our margin came off. EBITDA 
margin declined from 10.4% to 7.8%. So, is there, in the last quarter, you might have to incur 
higher expenses and the margin come off? Basically, the margin decline in the fourth quarter 
was higher as compared to other quarter.  
Ajay Pancholi: So, the EBITDA margins are higher only in the last quarter as well, in the second half of last 
year. That is what you are referring to, right?  
===== PDF page 14 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 18 
Sunil Jain: Yes, second quarter.  
Ajay Pancholi: So, in the first six months, of current financial year, our EBITDA margins are 10.9% and 
corresponding half-year ended September 24 is at about 10.4%. So, there is a 60 basis point 
EBITDA margin improvement.  
Sunil Jain: I will take back the question. My calculation was indicating that you got 7.8% margin in second 
half of the last year. Sorry, I will take that offline. Are you sharing volume figure also in this 
quarter?  
Ajay Pancholi: Yes, we will share the volume numbers as well. So, broadly, you want to know the volume 
numbers now? I am happy to take you through that.  
Sunil Jain: Yes. 
Ajay Pancholi: So, the volumes that we have achieved in the first half is about 302,000 odd units in total. Also 
important to highlight that in terms of breakup of revenue between laptops and other devices, it 
is about 80%-20% odd in terms of value terms. This was in corresponding half-year in FY’24, 
this was at 75% and 25%. Also importantly, in terms of number of units perspective, laptops 
have been at 72% as against 28% for others. So, there is a better realization that is demonstrative 
of the revenue numbers from laptops. So, that is broadly in terms of the laptops and others.  
 As Sharadji mentioned, it is important, I would just want to draw your attention. From a capacity 
perspective, 120,000 units a month. So, you can do the math. First half, we have done about 3 
lakh units. So, from an opportunity perspective, you can envisage as to which direction we are 
heading.  
Sunil Jain: And any expansion plan you can talk about?  
Ajay Pancholi: I think Sharadji mentioned that already, right. So, we will continue our growth journey as 
capacity. I think it is reflective of the fact that what capacities we can cater to and what we are 
gearing towards. And this would definitely entail the investments that we have done in terms of 
people, sales and marketing, incremental space arrangements in various geographies, etc  that 
we are envisaging, that will all add to capacity and capability enhancements.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Chandresh Malpani from Niveshaay. Please go ahead.  
Chandresh Malpani: So, sir, my first question is regarding the India versus the outside sales. Can you give the 
bifurcation between that?  
Ajay Pancholi: Yes, sure. So, in India, we had a revenue of about Rs. 296-odd crores in the first half. So, almost 
about 300 and as against a total of Rs. 752 crores.  
Chandresh Malpani: And sir, one more I want to understand from you is that the refurbishment versus the new laptop.  
===== PDF page 15 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 18 
Sharad Khandelwal: Let me mention that India contributed 39.47% of our revenue, Middle East 32.24%, other 
including Europe is 13.79%, primarily Europe, and the U.S. constitutes around 14.50% of our 
revenue. Yes, you were asking something.  
Chandresh Malpani: That was helpful. Thank you, sir. And sir, second question is on the, like, one thing which we 
could understand is the refurbishment, refurbished laptops available at, like, let's say, one-third 
of the new laptop cost. So, in these current scenarios where tariff and rare earth thing is also 
happening, so are we seeing that arbitrage going more towards the refurbishment laptops and so 
the volume should pick up? Are you seeing any signs of that?  
Sharad Khandelwal: Yes, so refurbished as a value proposition is becoming stronger by the day. And tariff and all 
these situations make the proposition even more stronger because people require high-end 
computers for AI and other users, companies and individuals alike. At one third of the prices, 
more and more acceptability is happening. More and more people are open to using refurbished 
devices and more and more people are open to selling their existing assets when they get comfort 
around pricing and the privacy, when somebody offers them good price. And offering good price 
is a function how you refurbish and how you sell.  
 So, you are right. The tariff and other uncertainties, they lead to people reducing their Capex. 
And hence the overall refurbished as a segment is growing. As a tariff related also, but even 
otherwise, tariff or no tariff, refurbished product, refurbished computer devices will obviously 
increase their share within overall computing. And high-end computing means more refurbished 
products at affordable prices. And we would like to be very, very prominent and very strong 
globally to take advantage of this impending demand surge.  
Chandresh Malpani: And sir, one last question. Like you mentioned about the debtor days, about 30 to 35, which is 
as per the industry standard. But can you help me understand basically the mix of our sales where 
we are directly selling to B2B corporate, and we are also certified refurbisher for two of the 
largest brands. So, what ideal mix are you targeting in terms of having the better return ratios 
here on?  
Sharad Khandelwal: See, 30 to 45 days of debtor days is a reality in the computer business. Because what we are 
competing with, not with much with refurbished sellers, we are competing with the brand-new 
sellers. So, at that point of time, to make the proposition relevant and affordable and attractive, 
we have to offer similar credit terms to our customers. And our customers are either business 
customers or people who sell to businesses. So, we can't be uncompetitive in any way when we 
approach them. So, I think the debtor days will remain within this range in the foreseeable future.  
Chandresh Malpani: And sir, just one last question. This quarter, we didn't saw the entire positive impact of the debt 
saving, right? And we can further expect this interest cost to go down.  
Ajay Pancholi: Yes, so as you rightly observed, we essentially got access to the equity raise only towards the 
beginning of the month of August. And part of it was immediately repaid at the beginning of 
August and part of it towards a month or 45 days later, once we got the RBI approvals for the 
===== PDF page 16 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 18 
remittance of fund. So, you are right. So, to that extent, we have not got the significant part of 
the interest cost savings that one would have envisaged.  
 As you rightly observed that we have not had the benefit of the equity money for a significant 
or the most significant part of the last first half. So, at best, we would have had the benefit of 
maybe a month or so of interest cost savings. So, we are likely to see the saving of interest cost 
on account of the funds being available. So, we are anticipating somewhere around, I would say, 
about Rs. 10-12 crores, of savings in the second half on an entire basis. So, you should factor in 
that. I am giving a ballpark range.  
 As I said, that we will continue to focus on opportunities. The need for working capital is what 
the business will significantly be driven on. And that having said, discipline is the key, whether 
it is in terms of inventory or debtors, and that is what we continue to focus on and maintain. 
Interest cost savings will definitely help us enhance our bottom lines in the second half.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Astha from KDA Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Astha: So, my first question is around the official partners that are the HP and Lenovo in India. So, does 
that mean that whenever these brands run an exchange program, then the used laptops come to 
us? Or are we the only partners with them? And are we also partnered with Dell and other 
brands?  
Sharad Khandelwal: See, with respect to brand partnership, they are more like a credential to us. It does not reflect 
dependence on them for our business. We are independent in our sourcing and independent on 
our sales. The buybacks and all that we run in conjunction with brands as well as separately. 
And all the products that we sell, warranty serviced by us. So, 97% of revenue is now directly 
contributed by Electronics Bazaar as a brand, right? And 100% of revenue is backed by 
Electronics Bazaar's comprehensive warranty cover, reinforcing our customer trust and brand 
reliability.  
 We can sell, all the brands, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Apple, because there is a right-to-repair 
framework, there is a right-to-repair act. And there is a global push towards sustainability and 
climate agenda. More so, the cost-saving and all these things, they make the proposition even 
more relevant.  
Astha: But as far as since you said there is more push to sustainability, I want to understand that do we 
have official partnership with large enterprises as their electronic disposal partners?  
Sharad Khandelwal: Yes, we have. We work with large enterprises in India as well as the global markets. And we 
take back their assets, refurbish them and sell them. So, we deal with one of the largest leasing 
companies in India, second largest software company in India. We deal with consulting 
companies in India. We deal with leasing companies around the world, in the U.S., Europe.  
===== PDF page 17 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 18 
 We also deal with U.S. Justice Department for disposition. We deal with the biggest ITADs- 
Iron Mountain in the U.S. We buy from them, and we refurbish and sell also to them. Different 
products, not the same, obviously. So, we have tie-ups with them and this continues to grow 
through our U.S. office where we are increasing our presence. We have a good set of talent now 
there So, we are tying up with more and more corporates because we are able to offer them better 
price and we are able to meet their sustainability and privacy goals.  
 So, COP28, the Climate Operating Plan also mandates, it gives a good push towards 
refurbishment. Reuse is the best form of recycling. So, refurbishment is a central piece. So, that 
also gives a good push. And that is why the companies are also realizing that for the climate, 
they have to dispose off assets responsibly and they are able to realize value through us. So, 
obviously when they sell it to recycler center, they don't get much. But when they sell to us, 
where we made sustainability and privacy goals also and offer them fair prices, so it is a win-
win for them, win-win for everyone.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankur Gulati: Sir, is there a seasonality in our business where second half is higher revenue or anything of that 
sort?  
Ajay Pancholi: Yes, of course. The second half is, as we have mentioned, and we continue to maintain, the 
second half is always better than the first half on account of various things, year-end closing, 
fiscal closing, calendar closing in India as well as globally as well. So, definitely the second half 
is way superior in terms of revenue and projection going forward.  
Ankur Gulati: So, in the last three years, what is on average H2, H1 ratio of revenue?  
Sharad Khandelwal: So, just to highlight, we have mentioned this in our last con call as well. Broadly, the first half 
constitutes to about 40% to 43% odd in terms of the proportion. And we anticipate this to remain 
somewhere in a similar trajectory ballpark. And it is directionally the same year-over-year.  
Ankur Gulati: And sir, last thing on the recycling or refurbishment, is there any EPR benefits going to us?  
Ajay Pancholi : Yes, we are still evaluating that. We have not factored any of the potential EPR benefits coming 
into our P&L. But that is incremental work that we need to do to take the benefit of the same.  
Ankur Gulati: But based on your understanding, you are eligible for it if you file for it, right?  
Ajay Pancholi : Yes.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors LLP. Please go 
ahead.  
===== PDF page 18 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 18 
Parikshit Kabra: My first question is on the current assets. They have risen drastically this quarter by almost Rs. 
60 crores. What is the reason for that? Other current assets.  
Ajay Pancholi: So, other current assets basically include advance to vendors. And a significant part of that 
almost Rs. 100 crores is towards advance to vendors. As we see larger opportunities of 
purchases, and typical of our business, we have to pay the money in advance and thereafter 
collect the product from various facilities of the vendors. And the balance part of it is Rs.17 -
odd crores is the GST part of it, but broadly it is advance to vendors.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Ajay Pancholi: Thank you. I will just add one more operating metrics out over here, which I missed earlier in 
terms of unit dynamics. So, the ASPs that we have been able to achieve in the first half is, as I 
anticipated, better than the corresponding first half. Our ASPs on laptops has increased from 
about Rs. 25,800-odd to about Rs. 26,800-odd in India. And internationally also, it's improved 
from about Rs. 27,500 to Rs. 28,500. The similar thing applies on our non-laptop versions as 
well, which is, again, an enhancement of, on an average, about 2% to 3% odd on an overall basis.  
 On that note, I will request Sharadji to address with closing remarks.  
Sharad Khandelwal: Thank you, Ajay. I would like to make closing remarks. In conclusion, I would like to state that 
our customer touch points have increased 4,515 from 4,157. And we now supply to 42 countries, 
up from 38 earlier, including three new markets in Europe and South Africa. Our supplier base 
has grown to 601 from 557. Total employee strength has increased from 1,194 to 1,500. And 
our sales and marketing team has expanded from 96 to 157. Leadership hiring continues across 
functions and geographies to support our next phase of growth.  
 Secondly, approximately 97% of our revenue is now directly contributed by Electronics Bazaar 
as a brand, and 100% of our revenue is backed by Electronics Bazaar's comprehensive warranty 
cover, reinforcing our customer's trust and brand reliability. As the computing landscape shifts 
towards AI-driven performance and data-intensive workloads, GNG Electronics is expanding its 
global operating base to capture the next wave of opportunity.  
 This marks the beginning of our entry into infrastructure level refurbishment, a natural 
progression from our leadership in laptop and ICT devices. It will enable us to deliver AI-ready 
computing systems, server storages, and high-end desktops at affordable and sustainable cost 
points for global enterprises.  
 AI is not just a technology trend. It is a way of life, a way of business, and a way of learning. 
The rise of Large Language Models (LLMs), demand affordable, customized, and premium 
refurbished computing systems. Refurbished laptops will play a crucial role in driving the global 
AI boom, enabling digital adoption at scale.  
===== PDF page 19 =====
 GNG Electronics Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 18 
 Furthermore, with data privacy shaping the next frontier of innovation, we are entering the era 
of personal AI, a new class of AI system, that process and learn locally on personal devices, as 
already highlighted by Qualcomm. In this evolution, devices and device ownership becomes 
even more critical, reinforcing the centrality of refurbished computing in the AI era.  
 To achieve these strategic goals, the company has preemptively secured long-term spaces across 
India, Mumbai, primarily, UAE, and the United States, which will serve as high-capacity 
refurbishment and testing centers for advanced computing systems, including servers, data 
centers, hardware, and enterprise-grade IT infrastructure.  
 This expansion aligns with our asset-light model, not requiring heavy Capex, and positions GNG 
electronics at the heart of world's emerging AI hardware ecosystem. By building ahead of the 
curve, GNG is not merely expanding its footprint, it is establishing the physical backbone of its 
evolution from a leading refurbisher to key enabler of the global AI hardware revolution.  
 Thank you all for participating in the meeting.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of GNG Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 