SOURCE: inputs/annual-report/Annual_Report_FY2025.pdf
PAGES: 112


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  Bandra 
East, Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Ref: Borana Weaves Limited 
NSE Symbol: BORANA 
ISIN: INE16SF01016 
Scrip Code: 544404 
 
Sub: Notice of 5th Annual General Meeting along with Integrated Annual Report of the Company 
for the financial year 2024-25.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is to inform that the 5th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on 
Wednesday, September 10, 2025 at 11:30 a.m. through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio-Visual Means 
in accordance with the applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we are submitting herewith 
the Integrated Annual Report of the Company along with the Notice of AGM and Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 which is being sent through 
electronic mode to the Members. 
 
The Integrated Annual Report containing the Notice is also uploaded on the Company’s website and 
can be accessed at https://boranagroup.in/annual-report. 
 
We would further like to inform that the Company has fixed Monday, September 1, 2025 as the cut-off 
date for ascertaining the names of the members holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialised form, who will be entitled to cast their votes electronically in respect of the businesses 
to be transacted as per the Notice of the AGM and to attend the AGM. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Borana Weaves Limited 
 
 
Ankur Mangilal Borana 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer    
DIN: 01091164  
 
Place: Surat 
 
 
Encl.: As Above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  1
Borana Weaves Limited
NOTICE OF 05th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Notice is hereby given that the 05th Annual General Meeting of the members of Borana Weaves Limited (‘the Company’) will
be held on Wednesday, the 10th day of September, 2025 at 11:30 a.m. (IST)  through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual
Means to transact the following businesses. The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company
at Plot No. AA/93/P , Road No 10, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, SUSML, Surat, Gujarat 394230, India.
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. Receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended
31st March 2025, together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors thereon and the
Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2025 together with
the Report of Statutory Auditors thereon.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Audited Standalone Financial
Statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2025, together with the reports of the Board of
Directors and the Statutory Auditors thereon, as circulated to the Members, be and are hereby received, considered and
adopted.
2. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director (DIN: 01091166), liable to retire by rotation
in terms of section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, seeks re-appointment.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,
2013 read with the rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time
being in force), Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director (DIN: 01091166) who retires by rotation at this annual general
meeting, be and is hereby reappointed as Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”
3. To approve the appointment of auditor further for the term of five years and to fix their remuneration
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 and 142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Companies Act, 2013 as amended from time to time or any other law for the time being in force (including any statutory
modification or amendment thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and pursuant to the
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the company, the consent of the members be
and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s KSA & CO., Chartered Accountants, Surat (Firm Registration No.
003822C), as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the
conclusion of this 5th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 9th Annual General Meeting to be held in the
year 2030 at such remuneration plus applicable taxes, and out of pocket expenses, as may be determined and recommended
by the Audit Committee in consultation with the Auditors and duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.
4. To approve the appointment of Mr. Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal as Secretarial Auditor of the Company.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rule 2014, and Regulation24A(1)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s), variation(s) or
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mr. JItendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal, Company Secretary in Practice,
Surat (ACS 20283; CP No. 54651), and a Peer Reviewed Company Secretary, be and is hereby appointed as the Secretarial
Auditor of the company, for performing audit of the company’s secretarial records for the financial year beginning from
1st April,2025, for a period of one term of five consecutive years, that will conclude on 31st March, 2030, at such
remuneration plus applicable taxes ther eon and such increase in audit fees till the conclusion of their term, plus
reimbursement of actual out of pocket and travelling expenses, as recommended by the Audit Committee and as may be
mutually agreed between the Board of Directors of the company and the Secretarial Auditor .
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one Director and/or Company Secretary of the company be and are hereby severally
authorised to do all the acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper
or desirable and to sign and execute all necessary documents, applications, returns, e-forms and writings as may be
necessary, proper, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
5. To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditor for the financial year 2025-26.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as an Ordinary
Resolution:
===== PAGE 3 =====
2  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)
thereof, for the time being in force), on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and approval of the Board of
Directors, the remuneration, as set out in the statement annexed to the notice convening this meeting, to be paid to the
M/s. Vaghela Kishor & Co., Practising Cost Accountants appointed by the Board of Directors of the company, to conduct
the audit of cost records of the company for the financial year 2025-26, be and is hereby ratified.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
6. To approve the Material Related Party Transaction for the FY 2025-26 to be entered by the Company with Related Party
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read
with Rules made there under, other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any, (including any statutory modification(s)
or amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions,
and subject to such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) as may be necessary from time to time and on the basis the
approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of the
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the Board
of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the 'Board', which term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted /
empowered / to be constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this resolution) to enter
into the contract(s)/arrangement(s)/transaction(s) with below mentioned entities:
1. Borana Filaments Private Limited
2. Borana Industries LLP
3. RB Industries
4. R&B Denims Limited
5. Ricon Industries
6. Ricon Textile Private Limited
7. Arham Weaves Private Limited
8. Sharmila Enterprises
9. Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited
10. Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
Companies/ entities where Promoter is interested, Related party for the Company), a related party within the meaning
of Section 2(76) of the Companies Act 2013 for Purchase of Raw Materials, Purchase of Products, Sale of Raw Material
and Sale of Products on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may deem fit up to a maximum aggregate
value of Rs. 200 crore each Company/ Entity for the financial year 2025-26, provided that the said contract(s)/arrangement(s)/
transaction(s) so carried out shall be at arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized to approve transactions and the terms and
conditions with the related party as defined under the Act and to delegate all or any of the powers conferred on it by
or under this resolution to any Committee of Directors of the Company or to any one or more Directors of the Company
or any other officer(s) or employee(s) of the Company, as it may deem fit, and to do all acts, deeds, matters and things
and to take such steps as may be considered necessary, proper, expedient or incidental thereto as the Board may in its
absolute discretion deem fit to give effect to the aforesaid resolution including to settle any question, difficulty or doubt
that may arise with regard to giving effect to the above resolution and to sign, finalise, settle and execute necessary
documents, papers etc on an ongoing basis, without being required to seek any further consent or approvals of the
members or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed has given their approval thereto expressly by the
authority of this resolution for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and
confirmed in all respect.”
7. Authorizing the Board of Directors for Advancing Loans in excess of limits specified under Section 185 of the Companies
Act, 2013
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special
Resolution:
===== PAGE 4 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  3
Borana Weaves Limited
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and Rules made thereunder as amended from time to time, the consent
of the members be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to
as the Board) to advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any
security in connection with any loan taken by entities covered under the category of ‘a person in whom any of the director
of the company is interested’ as specified in the explanation to Subsection 2 of the said Section upto an aggregate sum
of Rs. 300 Crores (Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only) in their absolute discretion deem beneficial and in the interest of
the Company, provided that such loans are utilized by the borrowing company for its principal business activities.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the company be and are hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds and
things in their absolute discretion that may be considered necessary, proper and expedient or incidental for the purpose
of giving effect to this resolution in the interest of the Company.”
8. Approval of Loans, Investments, Guarantee or Security under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules,2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act(including any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force),the consent of the members of the company be and
is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors (including any Committee of Directors) subject to such other approvals,
consent, sanctions as may be necessary including from banks and financial institutions, if any, any such other statutory
approvals, if any, and such conditions as may be prescribed by any of the concerned authorities for; a) giving any loan
to any person or other body corporate b) giving any guarantee or providing security in connection with a loan to any other
body corporate or person and /or c) acquiring whether by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of
any other body corporate in excess of the limits prescribed under Section 186 of the Act up to an aggregate sum of Rs.
300 Crore (Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only), notwithstanding that the aggregate of loans and investments so far made,
the amounts for which guarantee or security so far provided to, along with the investments, loans, guarantee or security
provided, which shall be over and above (i) sixty per cent. of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities
premium account or (ii) hundred per cent of its free reserves and securities premium account; whichever is more, from
time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the company be and are hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds and
things in their absolute discretion that may be considered necessary, proper and expedient or incidental for the purpose
of giving effect to this resolution in the interest of the Company.”
9. Approval of increase in limits of sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of the
undertaking the company
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013,
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and the articles of association
of the Company, the consent of the Shareholders of the Company be and hereby accorded to the Board do hereby
recommend the shareholders of the Company to accord consent to the Board to increase limit of sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking powers by the Board at any time shall not exceed in
the aggregate Rs. 100 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Crores Only).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution Mr . Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors on behalf of the Board, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, and
to make any filings, including with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad , furnish any returns or submit any
other documents to any government, statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required, and to settle any question,
difficulty or doubt and further to do or cause to be done all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to negotiate, finalize
and execute all documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient
and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time decide and to accept and give effect to such
modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be
required; and any documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done shall be conclusive evidence of the
authority of the Board in so doing and any document so executed and delivered or acts and things done prior to the date
hereof are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Board, as the case may be.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT duly certified copies of the above resolutions under the hands of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors of the Company be furnished to any government, statutory or regulatory
authority as may be required from time to time.
===== PAGE 5 =====
4  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
10. Approval of increase the borrowing limit of the Company as mentioned under section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act,
2013, to pass the following Resolution as Special Resolution:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 180(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013,
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and the articles of association
of the Company, the consent of the Shareholders of the be and are hereby accorded to the Board to borrow any sum
or sums of money from time to time at their discretion for the purpose of the business of the Company, from any one
or more banks, financial institutions, mutual funds and other persons, firms, bodies corporate or by way of loans or credit
facilities (fund based or non-fund based) or by issue of bonds on such terms and conditions and with or without security
as the Board may think fit, which together with the moneys already borrowed by the Company (apart from the temporary
loans obtained from the bankers of the Company in the ordinary course of business) and being borrowed by the Board
at any time shall not exceed in the aggregate Rs. 500 Crores  (Rupees Five Hundred Crores Only) irrespective of the fact
that such aggregate amount of borrowings outstanding at any time may exceed the aggregate for the time being of the
paid-up capital of the Company and its free reserves that is to say reserves not set apart for any specific purpose.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors on behalf of the Board, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, and
to make any filings, including with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad , furnish any returns or submit any
other documents to any government, statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required, and to settle any question,
difficulty or doubt and further to do or cause to be done all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to negotiate, finalize
and execute all documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient
and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time decide and to accept and give effect to such
modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be
required; and any documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done shall be conclusive evidence of the
authority of the Board in so doing and any document so executed and delivered or acts and things done prior to the date
hereof are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Board, as the case may be.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT duly certified copies of the above resolutions under the hands of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors of the Company be furnished to any government, statutory or regulatory
authority as may be required from time to time.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 /16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 6 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  5
Borana Weaves Limited
IMPORTANT NOTES
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA)
and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024 / 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI
Circular”) and other applicable circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold AGM through Video
Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of members at a common venue.
In compliance with the said Circulars, EGM/AGM shall be conducted through VC / OAVM.
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14 / 2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the facility to
appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM. However, the Body Corporates are
entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast
their votes through e-voting.
3. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the
AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include
large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM/AGM without restriction on
account of first come first served basis.
4. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) the Secret arial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and
Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an
agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date
of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17 / 2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice calling the AGM
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.boranagroup.in. The Notice can also be accessed from
the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com
and www.nseindia.com respectively and the EGM/AGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for
providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com.
7. AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with MCA Circular issued from time to time
8. The relevant explanatory statement pursuant to Regulation 36(3), 36(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 concerning the relevant business and pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act,
2013 (“Act”) setting out material facts, relating to the special businesses to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting
(the “meeting”) is annexed hereto.
9. Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the meeting are requested to send a duly
certified copy of the Board Resolution authorizing their representatives to attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting.
10. Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 setting out the details relating to the special
business to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting is annexed to this Notice.
11. Pursuant to the provision of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has fixed Monday, 01st September 2025
as the Record Date (i.e. cutoff date) for taking records of the Members of the Company for the purpose of 05th Annual
General Meeting.
12. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books will remain closed from 01st September, 2025 to 10th September, 2025
(both days inclusive) for the purpose of 05th Annual General Meeting (AGM).
13. All documents referred to in accompanying Notice and Statement pursuant to section 102 shall be open for inspection
at the Registered Office of the Company during the office hours on all working days between 11.00 AM to 3:00 PM up
to the date of conclusion of AGM.
14. As per regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, the brief profile of the
Directors including those proposed to be re-appointed is annexed to this Notice.
===== PAGE 7 =====
6  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
15. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by
every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their
PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their DEMAT account.
16. Queries on accounts and operations of the Company, if any, may be sent to the Company Secretary of the Company, ten
days in advance of the meeting so as to enable the Management to keep the information ready at the meeting.
17. Members can inspect the register of Director and Key Managerial personnel and their shareholding, required to be
maintained under section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013 during the course of the AGM at the venue.
18. All transfer deeds, requests for change of address, bank particulars/mandates/ECS mandates, PAN in respect of the shares
held in electronic form should be sent to the respective Depository Participants by the members well in time.
19. In case of the joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be
entitled to vote.
20. Members holding shares in electronic mode are requested to intimate any change in their address to their Depository
Participant (s).
21. In terms of section 101 & 136 of the Act, read together with the rules made there under, the Listed Companies may send
the notice of AGM and the Annual Report including all Financial Statements, Board Report etc. by electronic mode. The
Company is accordingly forwarding soft copies of the above referred documents to all those members who have registered
their e-mail IDs with their respective DPs or with the Share Transfer Agent of the Company. The e-mail addresses indicated
in your respective Depository Participant (DP) accounts, which will be periodically downloaded from NSDL/CDSL, will be
deemed to be your registered e-mail address for serving notices/documents including those covered under Section 136
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 11 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. Further the Notice of AGM and
the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 is being sent only through electronic mode to all the Shareholders. The
Notice of AGM and the copies of audited financial statements, Board’s Report, Auditor’s Report etc. will also be displayed
on Company’s website https:// www.boranagroup.in/ on the website of National Stock Exchange of India (NSE)
www.nseindia.com. and BSE India Limited https://www.bseindia.com/ As per the green initiative taken by Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, all the members are requested to ensure to keep their e-mail addresses updated with the Depository
Participants to serve them documents/all communications including Annual Reports, Notices, Circulars etc. in electronic
form.
22. E- VOTING PROCESS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015 (as amended), the company has provided a facility to the members to exercise their votes electronically
through the electronic voting service facility arranged by NSDL. The facility available for voting through polling paper will
also be made available at the AGM and members attending the AGM, who have not already cast their votes by remote
e-voting shall be able to exercise the right at the AGM through polling paper. Members who have already cast their votes
by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may attend the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their votes again.
If members are opting for remote e-voting, they shall not vote by polling paper and vice versa. However, in case members
cast their vote both by polling paper and by remote e-voting, then voting done through remote e-voting shall prevail and
voting done by polling paper will be treated as invalid
Mr. JItendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal, Practicing Company Secretary has been appointed to act as the Scrutinizer for
conducting the remote e-voting process as well as the voting through Polling Paper, in a fair and transparent manner.
Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in the name of the member as on the cut-off
date i.e. 01st September, 2025.
A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members as on the cut-off date, i.e. 01st September, 2025 only shall
be entitled to avail the facility of r emote e-voting / as well as voting through the Polling papers at the AGM. Any recipient
of the notice, who has no voting rights as on the cut-off date, shall treat this notice as an intimation only.
A person who has acquired the shares and has become a member of the company after the dispatch of the notice of the
AGM and prior to the cut-off date i.e. 01st September, 2025 shall be entitled to exercise his/her vote either electronically
i.e. remote e-voting or through the polling papers at the AGM by following the procedure mentioned in this part.
The remote e-voting period will commence on Sunday, 07th September, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. and will end on Tuesday, 09th
September, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. During this period, the members of the company holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e.
01st September, 2025, may cast their vote electronically . The members will not be able to cast their vote electronically
beyond the date and time mentioned above and the remote e-voting module shall be automatically disabled for voting
thereafter.
===== PAGE 8 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  7
Borana Weaves Limited
Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the member, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the
vote again.
The Scrutinizer, after scrutinizing the votes cast at the meeting (polling paper) and through remote e-voting, will, not later
than 2 working days of conclusion of the meeting, make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report and submit the same to the
company. The results declared along with the consolidated scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the website of the
company. The results shall be communicated to the stock exchanges.
Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the date of the meeting,
i.e. 10th September, 2025
The Company has approached NSDL for providing e-voting services through our e-voting platform. In this regard, your
Demat Account/Folio Number has been enrolled by the Company for your participation in e-voting on resolution placed
by the Company on e-Voting system.
The Notice of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company inter alia indicating the process and manner of e-Voting
process along with printed Attendance Slip and Proxy Form can be downloaded from the link www.evoting.nsdl.com or
info@boranagroup.in.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, 07th September, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, 09th September, 2025
at 05:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear
in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 01st September, 2025, may cast their
vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital  of
the Company as on the cut-off date, being 01st September, 2025.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts
in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
holding securities in evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No.,
demat mode with NSDL Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/
mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services
home page click on the “Beneficial Owner”  icon under “Login” which is available
under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https:/
/eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
===== PAGE 9 =====
8  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility
by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
holding securities in user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without
demat mode with CDSL any further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab
and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided
by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting
page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally,
there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so
that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then
click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home
page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile &
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be
able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders You can also login using the login cre dentials of your demat account through your
(holding securities in Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in,
demat mode) login you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected
through their depository t o NSDL/CDSL Depository site after success ful authentication, wher ein you can see
participants e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
Password option available at abovementioned website.

===== PAGE 10 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  9
Borana Weaves Limited
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a
holding securities in request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
demat mode with NSDL
Individual Shareholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a
holding securities in request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
demat mode with CDSL
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown
on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat Your User ID is:
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 8 Char acter DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
account with NSDL. For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
account with CDSL. For ex ample if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then
your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with
Form the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456
then user ID is 101456001***
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your
vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve y our ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial
password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox.
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial
password’.
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, ple ase follow steps mentioned below in process for those
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
===== PAGE 11 =====
10  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?”  (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your
registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting
system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares
and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your
vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under
“Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF , NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format)
of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)
who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to jitu.rawal192@gmail.com  with a copy marked to
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF , NRI etc.) can also upload their Board
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed
under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct
password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual
for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a
request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share
certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar
Card) by email to info@boranagroup.in.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,
client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to info@boranagroup.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and
joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
===== PAGE 12 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  11
Borana Weaves Limited
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-
voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to
vote through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However, they will not be
eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day
of the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.
Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login,
you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on
VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login
where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password
for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting
instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use
Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance mentioning their
name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. The same will be replied
by the company suitably.
6. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a
speaker by sending their request in advance at least seven (7) days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. The shareholders who do not wish to
speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance seven (7) days prior to meeting mentioning
their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. These queries will
be replied to by the Company suitably by email.
===== PAGE 13 =====
12  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
(Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard II on General Meetings)
ITEM NO. 6
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(S) with Related Parties:-Special Resolutions
Pursuant to the Provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act,2013 ('the Act") read with related Rules thereunder state that a ny
related party transaction in relation to sale, purchase or supply of goods or material, directly or through appointment of agen t
amounting to or exceeding 10% or more of the turnover of the Company as per the audited financial statement for the preceding
financial year shall not be entered into by the company except with the prior approval of the Company by a resolution for all
material related party transactions and its subsequent material modification(s), even if such transactions are in the ordinary
course of business of the concerned company and at an arm's length basis.
During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Company, proposes to enter into certain related party transaction(s) as mentioned below,
on mutually agreed terms and conditions, and the aggregate of such transaction(s) are expected to cross the applicable materiality
thresholds. Accordingly, as per the Act, approval of the Members is being sought for all such transactions proposed to be
undertaken by the Company. All the said transactions shall be in the ordinary course of business of the Company and on an arm’s
length basis.
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on Monday, August 04, 2025, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee of the
Company, at its meeting held on same day, had, subject to approval of members of the Company, approved an aggregate limit
not exceeding Rs. 100 crores per company/entites for transactions involving for Purchase of Raw Materials, Purchase of Products ,
Sale of Raw Material and Sale of Products for the Financial Year 2025-26, with below mentioned entities:
1. Borana Filaments Private Limited
2. Borana Industries LLP
3. RB Industries
4. R&B Denims Limited
5. Ricon Industries
6. Ricon Textile Private Limited
7. Arham Weaves Private Limited
8. Sharmila Enterprises
9. Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited
10. Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
a related party within the definition of Section 2(76) of the Act. The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transacti ons
of the nature stated herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of the Company
therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute to business growth, competitiveness, and efficienc y
of the Company.
On the recommendation of Audit Committee, Board of Directors of the Company hereby recommend approval by Members for
Related Party Transaction to be entered by Company upto Rs. 100 Crores per company/group entity for FY 2025-26.
Except Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana & Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana along with and/or his relatives
are concerned or interested in the resolutions. None of the other Directors and/ or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
and/or their respective relatives are concerned or interested either directly or indirectly, except to the extent of their shareholding
in the Company, if any, in the Resolutions mentioned at Item No. 6 of the Notice. The Board recommends the relevant Special
resolutions set forth at Item no. 6 in the Notice for the approval of the Members.
The following disclosure(s) for rendering of any services to the related party is made in accordance with the provisions of Sec tion
188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 15 of Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014:
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Borana Filaments Private Limited Borana Industries LLP
and its relationship with
the entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
===== PAGE 14 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  13
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. Tenure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 0 RPT Value :- 21.86 Cr
Company’s preceding % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
audited annual turnover. 2025- 0% 2025- 7.53%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party RB Industries R&B Denims Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. Tenure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 9.58 Cr RPT Value :- 9.32 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover . 2025- 3.30% 2025- 3.21%
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 15 =====
14  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Ricon Industries Ricon Textile Private Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. T enure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 0 RPT Value :- 6.82 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover. 2025- 0% 2025- 2.35%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 16 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  15
Borana Weaves Limited
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Arham Weaves Private Limited Sharmila Enterprises
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. Tenure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 14.09 Cr RPT Value :- 0.35 Cr
Company’s preceding % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
audited annual turnover. 2025- 4.86% 2025- 0.12%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 17 =====
16  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. T enure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 1.24 Cr RPT Value :- 1.35 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover. 2025-0.43% 2025- 0.47%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
ITEM NO. 7
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers)
Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”) (as amended from time to time), no company shall, directly or indirectly, advance any loan, including
any loan represented by a book debt to, or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by (a)
any director of company, or of a company which is its holding company or any partner or relative of any such director; or (b) a ny
firm in which any such director or relative is a partner.
However, a company may advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any
security in connection with any loan taken by any person in whom any of the director of the company is interested, subject to
the condition that (a) a special resolution is passed by the company in general meeting and the loans are utilized by the borrowing
company for its principal business activities.
In order to augment the long term resources of the Company and to render support for the business requirements of the entities
in which director of the Company is interested or deemed to be interested from time to time, the Board of Directors in its meeting
held on 04th August, 2025 has, subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company, proposed and approved for seeking the
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 18 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  17
Borana Weaves Limited
shareholder approval for advancing any loan, giving any guarantee or providing any security to all such person specified under
Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 and more specifically such other entity/person as the Board of the Directors in its
absolute discretion deems fit and beneficial and in the best interest of the Company (hereinafter commonly known as the Entities);
all together with in whom or in which any of the Director of the Company from time to time is interested or deemed to be
interested and upto an aggregate limit of Rs. 300 Crores. Further, the aforementioned loan(s) and/or guarantee(s) and/or security(ies)
shall only be utilized by the borrower for the purpose of its principal business activities and that keeping the best interest of the
Company. The members may note that Board of Directors would carefully evaluate the proposals and provide such loan, guarantee
or security through deployment of funds out of internal resources/accruals and/or any other appropriate sources, from time to
time, and the proposed loan shall be at such rate of interest as agreed by the parties in the best interest of the Company and
shall be used by the borrowing company for its principal business activities only.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relative(s) is / are in any way concerned or interested, in passing of
the above-mentioned resolution except to the extent of their directorships and shareholding in the Company (if any).
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing a Special Resolution as set out at Item No. 7 of this Notice, in rela tion
to the details as stated above and thus the Board of Directors recommends the said Resolution for the approval of the shareholders
of the Company as a Special Resolution.
ITEM NO. 8
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 the Board of Directors of a Company is authorized to
give loan, guarantee or provide any security to any person or body corporate or acquire by way of subscription, purchase or
otherwise, the securities of any body corporate, upto an amount of which shall not exceed the prescribed ceiling of sixty perce nt
of the aggregate of the paid up capital, free reserves and securities premium account or hundred percent of its free reserves a nd
securities premium account, whichever is more.
As per Section 186 (3) of the Act, the Company can give loans and make investments exceeding the aforesaid limits, after taking
prior approval of members by means of a Special Resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Company. The Company has in
the course of its business formed various subsidiaries, joint venture companies, wherein, the Company is holding investment,
either directly or through its subsidiaries. The Company is undertaking various business activities through its subsidiaries/jo int
ventures and is also making strategic investments from time to time in subsidiaries/joint ventures and other bodies corporate. It
would therefore, be required to provide financial assistance /support from time to time in the form of infusion of capital or b y
way of giving of loans/guarantee into their business for the expansion activities as well as for optimum utilization of funds. It is
therefore, necessary to authorize the Board to make any loan(s) to and/or to give any guarantee(s)/provide any security, in
connection with loan(s) taken by, subsidiaries/bodies corporate and/or to acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise ,
the securities of subsidiaries/bodies corporate in India or outside upto the limits provided in the proposed Special Resolution .
Accordingly the Board of Directors may be authorized to give loans, guarantees, provide securities or make investments as
mentioned above upto an aggregate amount outstanding which shall not exceed Rs 250 Crores which shall be over and above
the limits as specified in Section 186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the aggregate outstanding amount of investment made
in wholly owned and other subsidiaries and/or joint venture / associate companies and the amount of loans/guarantees/securities
given /provided to wholly owned and other subsidiaries and/or join t venture / associate companies. The proposed Special
Resolution as set out in Notice is enabling in nature for any further loan/investment/guarantee/security, to be made or given t o
subsidiaries/bodies corporate/to any banks, financial institutions or any other person as per the provisions of the Companies A ct,
2013. Hence, the approval of the Members of the Company is sought for exercising these powers by the Board by way of Special
Resolution.
None of the Directors of the Company, except to the extent of their shareholding are concerned or interested in the aforesaid
resolution, financially or otherwise.
ITEM NO. 9
Pursuant to Section 180(1)(a), if the Company intends sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of
the undertaking, such activity will require approval of the shareholders of the Company.
The Board recommends the resolution for approval of the members of the Company.
None of the directors, key managerial personnel and relatives of directors and/or key managerial personnel (as defined in the
Companies Act, 2013) are concerned or interested in the proposed resolution, except in the ordinary course of business.
The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for the approval by the members as Special Resolution.
ITEM NO. 10
Pursuant to Section 180(1)(c), if the Company intends to borrow funds, where the money to be borrowed, together with the
money already borrowed by the Company will exceed the aggregate of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities
premium, such borrowing will require approval of the shareholders of the Company.
===== PAGE 19 =====
18  | AGM Notice 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
The Board recommends the resolution for approval of the members of the Company.
None of the directors, key managerial personnel and relatives of directors and/or key managerial personnel (as defined in the
Companies Act, 2013) are concerned or interested in the proposed resolution, except in the ordinary course of business.
The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for the approval by the members as Special Resolution.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 /16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 20 =====
AGM Notice 2024-25  |  19
Borana Weaves Limited
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE:
DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE ENSUING ANNUAL GENERAL
MEETING:
(Pursuant to Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard
2 issued by the Institute of Companies Secretaries of India)
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana (DIN- 01091166) is proposed to be re-appointed as Director, who is liable to retire by rotation an d
as per the Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 and Secretarial Standar ds
his details are as under:
Name of Director Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
DIN 01091166
Date of Birth 10/ 02/1977
Qualification B.com
Expertise in specific functional areas Expert in Financial and Operational area
Terms and Conditions of Appointment/ Reappointment As per the resolution of the notice convening this meeting,
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana is liable to retire by rotation at
the meeting and eligible for reappointment.
Remuneration Last drawn 50,000.00 pm
Remuneration Proposed 50,0000.00 p.m.
Date of First Appointment 17.11.2022
Relationship with Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel Mr. Mailala Ambalal Borana and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana
are the relatives.
List of Companies in which directorship is held as on 05
31/ 03/2025
Chairman / Member of the Committee of other Company 03
No. of Meetings of the Board Attended during the year 23
Listed entities from which the person has resigned in the NIL
past three years
List of Companies in which Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana holds directorship as on 31st March, 2025:
Sr. Name of Company Nature of Interest Shareholding Date on which
No. interest arose
1 R & B DENIMS LIMITED Director and Promoter 1.02% 01/ 09/2013
2 BORANA WEAVES LIMITED Director and Promoter 18.48% 17 /11/ 2022
3 PANDESARA INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED Independent Director NIL 21/ 07 / 2021
4 AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED Independent Director NIL 17 /11/ 2021
5 BORANA FILAMENTS PRIVATE LIMITED Director and Promoter 4.96% 23/ 05 / 2002
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 / 16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 21 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves LimitedBorana Weaves LimitedBorana Weaves Limited
Trusted Name in Textile Manufacturing
===== PAGE 22 =====
 
About Us 
Borana Weaves Ltd. is a trusted name in textile manufacturing, providing a seamless journey from fibre to fabric, 
all under one roof. As one of India’s leading producers of high-quality microfilament woven fabrics, we leverage 
cutting-edge technology to ensure superior quality.
With our state-of-the-art manufacturing unit and advanced high-speed water jet looms, we guarantee rapid 
production with impeccable standards. Our process, from POY to PTY, warping, sizing, and weaving, reflects the 
craftsmanship involved in textile production. Our commitment to innovation and quality solidifies our leadership 
in the textile industry.
High-Quality Greige Fabrics
Borana Group is one of the largest producers of greige polyester woven fabrics in India, producing 220 million 
metres (22 crores) of high-quality synthetic and blended greige polyester fabrics annually through cutting-edge 
technology and sustainable practices.
Our high-quality greige fabric serves as the foundation for a diverse range of finished products across industries. 
Through dyeing, printing, and finishing, we transform it into vibrant, versatile materials for various applications, 
including:
Apparel and Garments: Processed into soft, everyday garments for men and women.
Home Textiles: Processed into soft, durable bedding products that offer a premium feel.
Tent Fabrics: Processed into durable, weather-resistant materials for tent applications.
Our fabrics also undergo bleaching to provide a neutral base, making them suitable for bed linens, hospital 
garments, and more. Additionally, intricate patterns enhance their appeal for garments, upholstery, and other 
uses.

===== PAGE 23 =====
 
Our Journey 
1975-1985: Humble Beginnings
Our journey began in the bustling Surat Textile Market, where we launched as a small textile 
trading business. This foundational period instilled in us the core values of hard work, integrity, and 
a steadfast commitment to quality. 
1983: First Industrial Step
In 1983, we took our first significant step into industrial manufacturing by establishing a facility 
with 24 conventional looms. This marked our entry into the textile manufacturing sector, paving 
the way for future growth. 
1992: Expansion Phase
By 1992, we had expanded our manufacturing capacity to 200 conventional looms with jacquard 
machine attachments. This growth not only enhanced our production capabilities but also 
established us as a trusted producer in the textile industry, enabling us to create intricate, high-
quality fabrics. 
2005: Technological Advancement
In 2005, we embraced innovation by incorporating 24 water jet weaving looms into our
operations. This advancement significantly improved our production efficiency and product 
quality. 
2005-2012: High-Tech Expansion
During this period, we continually upgraded our facilities, increasing our water jet loom count from 
24 to 202. This leap in technology solidified our position at the forefront of textile manufacturing, 
enhancing both efficiency and quality in our offerings. 
2012-2016: Diversification & Expansion into the Denim Industry
In 2012, we diversified into the denim industry, launching R&B Denims Limited with an initial 
production capacity of 10 million metres per year. By 2016, we expanded this capacity to 30 million 
metres, tapping into the growing demand for denim and significantly broadening our product 
range. 
2017: Entry into the cotton spinning Industry
We ventured into the cotton spinning industry in 2017, establishing Ricon Industries with a 
capacity of 10,000 MT per year. This strategic move allowed us to diversify our offerings and 
strengthen our position in the textile market. 
2017: Integration with High-Tech Water Jet Looms
In the same year, we enhanced our operations by adding 80 high-tech water jet looms under 
Borana Filaments Pvt Ltd. This integration streamlined ou]r processes and significantly boosted 
production efficiency, enabling us to uphold high standards of quality and meet increasing market 
demands. 
2020-2023: Major Expansion
From 2020 to 2023, we embarked on a major expansion, incorporating 700 high-tech water jet 
looms across Borana Weaves Ltd (Units 1, 2, and 3). During this period, we also introduced 
advanced sizing, warping, and high-speed texturizing machines, leading to a fourfold increase in 
production capacity. Additionally, implementing backward integration with high-speed sizing 
machines further bolstered our production capabilities, solidifying our status as a leader in textile 
manufacturing. 
2024: Entered in high-speed air jet weaving looms
In 2024, we further enhanced our technological capabilities by entering the high-speed air jet 
weaving sector for cotton and viscose fabrics under Ricon Textile Pvt Ltd. This advancement allows 
us to produce even higher-quality fabrics with increased efficiency, reinforcing our commitment to 
innovation and excellence. 
2025: Upcoming New Unit for Advanced Fabrics
In 2025, we are set to launch a new unit equipped with high-tech weaving looms designed for 
waterproof and technical textile fabrics. This facility will elevate our production capabilities, 
enabling us to meet the growing demand for specialised fabrics while maintaining our leadership in 
innovation and quality.

===== PAGE 24 =====
 
Mission & Vision
Commitment to Our Future
Our Goals
At Borana Group, our goals focus on delivering exceptional value. We produce high-quality textiles that exceed 
customer expectations, invest in advanced manufacturing technologies, and explore new market opportunities to 
broaden our product range and reinforce our position as a trusted leader in the textile industry.
Our Mission
At Borana Group, our mission is built on hard work, integrity, and quality. We focus on advancing our 
manufacturing capabilities and exploring new market opportunities, delivering high-quality textiles and 
innovative products that establish us as a reliable leader in the textile industry.
Our Vision
Our vision is to lead the textile manufacturing industry through cutting-edge technologies and expanded 
capabilities. We aim to be recognized for our excellence, efficiency, and quality while creating sustainable growth 
and setting the benchmark for innovation and reliability in the sector.

===== PAGE 25 =====
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Board of Directors
Mangilal Ambalal Borana - Chairman & Managing Director
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
Ankur Mangilal Borana - Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Kanav Sham Sunder Arora - Independent Director
Arvind Kumar Rathi - Independent Director
Nitika Abhishek Soni - Independent Director
Seema Manish Luniya - Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Audit Auditors
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Designation
No. . Audit Committee 
1. Arvind Kumar Rathi Chairman Independent Director
2. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Nomination  Designation
No. . and Remuneration Committee
1. Nitika Abhishek Soni Chairperson Independent Director
2. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director
3. Arvind Kumar Rathi Member Independent Director
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Stakeholders Designation
No. . Relationship Committee
1. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Chairman Independent Director
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Corporate Social Designation
No. . Responsibility Committee 
1. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Chairman Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
3. Nitika Abhishek Soni Member Independent Director
Statutory Auditors
KSA & CO.
Chartered Accountants
Registered Office
Plot No AA/34, B 16/16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate,
Susml, Sachin, Surat – 394230, Gujarat, India.
Bankers
HDFC BANK
SUTEX BANK
MEHSANA COOP BANK
Secretarial Auditors
Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal
Practicing Company Secretary
Corporate Office
Plot No AA/34, B 16/16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate,
Susml, Sachin, Surat – 394230, Gujarat, India.
Registrar and Transfer Agent
Kfin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B Plot No 31-32,  Gachibowli Financial
District Nanakramguda Hyderabad Telangana 500032.
Board Committees & Members

===== PAGE 26 =====
 
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me great pride and satisfaction to present to you 
the Annual Report for the financial year 2024–25. This 
year has been a defining chapter in the journey of Borana 
Weaves Limited—a year marked by resilience, 
operational excellence, and a renewed commitment to 
innovation and quality.
We achieved a robust turnover of ₹29,031.04 lakhs, 
marking a growth of over 45.84% compared to the 
previous year. Our profit after tax surged to ₹4,020.25 
lakhs, an impressive reflection of the trust placed in us by 
our stakeholders, the hard work of our team, and the 
strength of our integrated textile business model.
Navigating with Purpose
Amid global economic headwinds and supply chain 
challenges, the Indian textile industry has demonstrated 
resilience and adaptability. At Borana Weaves, we 
capitalized on favorable tailwinds through timely 
strategic decisions, technological upgrades, and 
unwavering attention to product quality and customer 
satisfaction.
Building on Strengths
Our vertically integrated operations, emphasis on 
sustainable manufacturing practices, and deep-rooted 
industry relationships continue to serve as pillars of strength. We believe our growth is not just measured by 
financial performance, but also by the value we create for our partners, employees, and the communities we 
operate in.
Future Outlook
As we look ahead, our focus remains clear—scaling responsibly, investing in technology, and expanding our 
domestic and international footprint. With a dynamic leadership team and committed workforce, we are 
confident of delivering consistent long-term value.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, employees, customers, 
bankers, and partners for their continued support and confidence in Borana Weaves.
Let us continue weaving progress—thread by thread, year after year.
Warm regards,
Mangilal Ambalal Borana
Chairman & Managing Director
Borana Weaves Limited
Chairman's Message
“Weaving a Stronger Tomorrow”
“WEAVING DREAMS”

===== PAGE 27 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  1
Borana Weaves Limited
INDEX
PARTICULARS PAGE NO.
NOTICE OF 5TH AGM 2
DIRECTOR’S REPORT 21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 33
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 51
BALANCE SHEET 59
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 60
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 61
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 62
FORM NO. MGT-12 (POLLING PAPER) 84
ROUTE LOCATION OF THE VENUE OF AGM 85
===== PAGE 28 =====
 
2  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
NOTICE OF 05th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Notice is hereby given that the 05th Annual General Meeting of the members of Borana Weaves Limited (‘the Company’) will
be held on Wednesday, the 10th day of September, 2025 at 11:30 a.m. (IST)  through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual
Means to transact the following businesses. The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company
at Plot No. AA/93/P , Road No 10, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, SUSML, Surat, Gujarat 394230, India.
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. Receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended
31st March 2025, together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors thereon and the
Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2025 together with
the Report of Statutory Auditors thereon.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Audited Standalone Financial
Statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31s t March 2025, together with the reports of the Board of
Directors and the Statutory Auditors thereon, as circulated to the Members, be and are hereby received, considered and
adopted.
2. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director (DIN: 01091166), liable to retire by rotation
in terms of section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, seeks re-appointment.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,
2013 read with the rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time
being in force), Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director (DIN: 01091166) who retires by rotation at this annual general
meeting, be and is hereby reappointed as Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”
3. To approve the appointment of auditor further for the term of five years and to fix their remuneration
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 and 142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Companies Act, 2013 as amended from time to time or any other law for the time being in force (including any statutory
modification or amendment thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and pursuant to the
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the company, the consent of the members be
and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s KSA & CO., Chartered Accountants, Surat (Firm Registration No.
003822C), as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the
conclusion of this 5th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 9th Annual General Meeting to be held in the
year 2030 at such remuneration plus applicable taxes, and out of pocket expenses, as may be determined and recommended
by the Audit Committee in consultation with the Auditors and duly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.
4. To approve the appointment of Mr. Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal as Secretarial Auditor of the Company.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rule 2014, and Regulation24A(1)(b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s), variation(s) or
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mr. JItendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal, Company Secretary in Practice,
Surat (ACS 20283; CP No. 54651), and a Peer Reviewed Company Secretary, be and is hereby appointed as the Secretarial
Auditor of the company, for performing audit of the company’s secretarial records for the financial year beginning from
1st April,2025, for a period of one term of five consecutive years, that will conclude on 31st March, 2030, at such
remuneration plus applicable taxes thereon and such increa se in audit fees till the conclusion of their term, plus
reimbursement of actual out of pocket and travelling expenses, as recommended by the Audit Committee and as may be
mutually agreed between the Board of Directors of the company and the Secretarial Auditor.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one Director and/or Company Secretary of the company be and are hereby severally
authorised to do all the acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper
or desirable and to sign and execute all necessary documents, applications, returns, e-forms and writings as may be
necessary, proper, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
5. To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditor for the financial year 2025-26.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as an Ordinary
Resolution:
===== PAGE 29 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  3
Borana Weaves Limited
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)
thereof, for the time being in force), on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and approval of the Board of
Directors, the remuneration, as set out in the statement annexed to the notice convening this meeting, to be paid to the
M/s. Vaghela Kishor & Co., Practising Cost Accountants appointed by the Board of Directors of the company, to conduct
the audit of cost records of the company for the financial year 2025-26, be and is hereby ratified.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
6. To approve the Material Related Party Transaction for the FY 2025-26 to be entered by the Company with Related Party
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read
with Rules made there under, other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any, (including any statutory modification(s)
or amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions,
and subject to such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) as may be necessary from time to time and on the basis the
approval and recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of the
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the Board
of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the 'Board', which term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted /
empowered / to be constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this resolution) to enter
into the contract(s)/arrangement(s)/transaction(s) with below mentioned entities:
1. Borana Filaments Private Limited
2. Borana Industries LLP
3. RB Industries
4. R&B Denims Limited
5. Ricon Industries
6. Ricon Textile Private Limited
7. Arham Weaves Private Limited
8. Sharmila Enterprises
9. Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited
10. Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
Companies/ entities where Promoter is interested, Related party for the Company), a related party within the meaning
of Section 2(76) of the Companies Act 2013 for Purchase of Raw Materials, Purchase of Products, Sale of Raw Material
and Sale of Products on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may deem fit up to a maximum aggregate
value of Rs. 200 crore each Company/ Entity for the financial year 2025-26, provided that the said contract(s)/arrangement(s)/
transaction(s) so carried out shall be at arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized to approve transactions and the terms and
conditions with the related party as defined under the Act and to delegate all or any of the powers conferred on it by
or under this resolution to any Committee of Directors of the Company or to any one or more Directors of the Company
or any other officer(s) or employee(s) of the Company, as it may deem fit, and to do all acts, deeds, matters and things
and to take such steps as may be considered necessary, proper, expedient or incidental thereto as the Board may in its
absolute discretion deem fit to give effect to the aforesaid resolution including to settle any question, difficulty or doubt
that may arise with regard to giving effect to the above resolution and to sign, finalise, settle and execute necessary
documents, papers etc on an ongoing basis, without being required to seek any further consent or approvals of the
members or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed has given their approval thereto expressly by the
authority of this resolution for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and
confirmed in all respect.”
7. Authorizing the Board of Directors for Advancing Loans in excess of limits specified under Section 185 of the Companies
Act, 2013
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special
Resolution:
===== PAGE 30 =====
 
4  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and Rules made thereunder as amended from time to time, the consent
of the members be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to
as the Board) to advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any
security in connection with any loan taken by entities covered under the category of ‘a person in whom any of the director
of the company is interested’ as specified in the explanation to Subsection 2 of the said Section upto an aggregate sum
of Rs. 300 Crores (Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only) in their absolute discretion deem beneficial and in the interest of
the Company, provided that such loans are utilized by the borrowing company for its principal business activities.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the company be and are hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds and
things in their absolute discretion that may be considered necessary, proper and expedient or incidental for the purpose
of giving effect to this resolution in the interest of the Company.”
8. Approval of Loans, Investments, Guarantee or Security under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules,2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act(including any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force),the consent of the members of the company be and
is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors (including any Committee of Directors) subject to such other approvals,
consent, sanctions as may be necessary including from banks and financial institutions, if any, any such other statutory
approvals, if any, and such conditions as may be prescribed by any of the concerned authorities for; a) giving any loan
to any person or other body corporate b) giving any guarantee or providing security in connection with a loan to any other
body corporate or person and /or c) acquiring whether by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of
any other body corporate in excess of the limits prescribed under Section 186 of the Act up to an aggregate sum of Rs.
300 Crore (Rupees Three Hundred Crores Only), notwithstanding that the aggregate of loans and investments so far made,
the amounts for which guarantee or security so far provided to, along with the investments, loans, guarantee or security
provided, which shall be over and above (i) sixty per cent. of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities
premium account or (ii) hundred per cent of its free reserves and securities premium account; whichever is more, from
time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the directors of the company be and are hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds and
things in their absolute discretion that may be considered necessary, proper and expedient or incidental for the purpose
of giving effect to this resolution in the interest of the Company.”
9. Approval of increase in limits of sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of the
undertaking the company
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013,
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and the articles of association
of the Company, the consent of the Shareholders of the Company be and hereby accorded to the Board do hereby
recommend the shareholders of the Company to accord consent to the Board to increase limit of sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking powers by the Board at any time shall not exceed in
the aggregate Rs. 100 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Crores Only).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors on behalf of the Board, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, and
to make any filings, including with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad , furnish any returns or submit any
other documents to any government, statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required, and to settle any question,
difficulty or doubt and further to do or cause to be done all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to negotiate, finalize
and execute all documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient
and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time decide and to accept and give effect to such
modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be
required; and any documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done shall be conclusive evidence of the
authority of the Board in so doing and any document so executed and delivered or acts and things done prior to the date
hereof are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Board, as the case may be.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT duly certified copies of the above resolutions under the hands of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors of the Company be furnished to any government, statutory or regulatory
authority as may be required from time to time.
===== PAGE 31 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  5
Borana Weaves Limited
10. Approval of increase the borrowing limit of the Company as mentioned under section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act,
2013, to pass the following Resolution as Special Resolution:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 180(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013,
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and the articles of association
of the Company, the consent of the Shareholders of the be and are hereby accorded to the Board to borrow any sum
or sums of money from time to time at their discretion for the purpose of the business of the Company, from any one
or more banks, financial institutions, mutual funds and other persons, firms, bodies corporate or by way of loans or credit
facilities (fund based or non-fund based) or by issue of bonds on such terms and conditions and with or without security
as the Board may think fit, which together with the moneys already borrowed by the Company (apart from the temporary
loans obtained from the bankers of the Company in the ordinary course of business) and being borrowed by the Board
at any time shall not exceed in the aggregate Rs. 500 Crores (Rupees Five Hundred Crores Only) irrespective of the fact
that such aggregate amount of borrowings outstanding at any time may exceed the aggregate for the time being of the
paid-up capital of the Company and its free reserves that is to say reserves not set apart for any specific purpose.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution Mr . Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors on behalf of the Board, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, and
to make any filings, including with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat at Ahmedabad , furnish any returns or submit any
other documents to any government, statutory or regulatory authorities as may be required, and to settle any question,
difficulty or doubt and further to do or cause to be done all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to negotiate, finalize
and execute all documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient
and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time decide and to accept and give effect to such
modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be
required; and any documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done shall be conclusive evidence of the
authority of the Board in so doing and any document so executed and delivered or acts and things done prior to the date
hereof are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Board, as the case may be.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT duly certified copies of the above resolutions under the hands of Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Directors of the Company be furnished to any government, statutory or regulatory
authority as may be required from time to time.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 / 16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 32 =====
 
6  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
IMPORTANT NOTES
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/ 2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA)
and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024 / 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI
Circular”) and other applicable circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold AGM through Video
Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of members at a common venue.
In compliance with the said Circulars, EGM/AGM shall be conducted through VC / OAVM.
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14 / 2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the facility to
appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM. However, the Body Corporates are
entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast
their votes through e-voting.
3. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the
AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include
large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM/AGM without restriction on
account of first come first served basis.
4. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) the Secret arial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and
Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an
agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date
of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17 / 2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice calling the AGM
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.boranagroup.in. The Notice can also be accessed from
the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com
and www.nseindia.com respectively and the EGM/AGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for
providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com.
7. AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with MCA Circular issued from time to time
8. The relevant explanatory statement pursuant to Regulation 36(3), 36(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 concerning the relevant business and pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act,
2013 (“Act”) setting out material facts, relating to the special businesses to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting
(the “meeting”) is annexed hereto.
9. Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the meeting are requested to send a duly
certified copy of the Board Resolution authorizing their representatives to attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting.
10. Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 setting out the details relating to the special
business to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting is annexed to this Notice.
11. Pursuant to the provision of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has fixed Monday, 01st September 2025
as the Record Date (i.e. cutoff date) for taking records of the Members of the Company for the purpose of 05th Annual
General Meeting.
12. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books will remain closed from 01st September, 2025 to 10th September, 2025
(both days inclusive) for the purpose of 05th Annual General Meeting (AGM).
13. All documents referred to in accompanying Notice and Statement pursuant to section 102 shall be open for inspection
at the Registered Office of the Company during the office hours on all working days between 11.00 AM to 3:00 PM up
to the date of conclusion of AGM.
14. As per regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, the brief profile of the
Directors including those proposed to be re-appointed is annexed to this Notice.
===== PAGE 33 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  7
Borana Weaves Limited
15. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by
every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their
PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their DEMAT account.
16. Queries on accounts and operations of the Company, if any, may be sent to the Company Secretary of the Company, ten
days in advance of the meeting so as to enable the Management to keep the information ready at the meeting.
17. Members can inspect the register of Director and Key Managerial personnel and their shareholding, required to be
maintained under section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013 during the course of the AGM at the venue.
18. All transfer deeds, requests for change of address, bank particulars/mandates/ECS mandates, PAN in respect of the shares
held in electronic form should be sent to the respective Depository Participants by the members well in time.
19. In case of the joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be
entitled to vote.
20. Members holding shares in electronic mode are requested to intimate any change in their address to their Depository
Participant (s).
21. In terms of section 101 & 136 of the Act, read together with the rules made there under, the Listed Companies may send
the notice of AGM and the Annual Report including all Financial Statements, Board Report etc. by electronic mode. The
Company is accordingly forwarding soft copies of the above referred documents to all those members who have registered
their e-mail IDs with their respective DPs or with the Share Transfer Agent of the Company. The e-mail addresses indicated
in your respective Depository Participant (DP) accounts, which will be periodically downloaded from NSDL/CDSL, will be
deemed to be your registered e-mail address for serving notices/documents including those covered under Section 136
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 11 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. Further the Notice of AGM and
the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 is being sent only through electronic mode to all the Shareholders. The
Notice of AGM and the copies of audited financial statements, Board’s Report, Auditor’s Report etc. will also be displayed
on Company’s website https:// www.boranagroup.in/ on the website of National Stock Exchange of India (NSE)
www.nseindia.com. and BSE India Limited https://www.bseindia.com/ As per the green initiative taken by Ministry of
Corporate Affairs, all the members are requested to ensure to keep their e-mail addresses updated with the Depository
Participants to serve them documents/all communications including Annual Reports, Notices, Circulars etc. in electronic
form.
22. E- VOTING PROCESS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015 (as amended), the company has provided a facility to the members to exercise their votes electronically
through the electronic voting service facility arranged by NSDL. The facility available for voting through polling paper will
also be made available at the AGM and members attending the AGM, who have not already cast their votes by remote
e-voting shall be able to exercise the right at the AGM through polling paper. Members who have already cast their votes
by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may attend the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their votes again.
If members are opting for remote e-voting, they shall not vote by polling paper and vice versa. However, in case members
cast their vote both by polling paper and by remote e-voting, then voting done through remote e-voting shall prevail and
voting done by polling paper will be treated as invalid
Mr. JItendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal, Practicing Company Secretary has been appointed to act as the Scrutinizer for
conducting the remote e-voting process as well as the voting through Polling Paper, in a fair and transparent manner.
Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in the name of the member as on the cut-off
date i.e. 01st September, 2025.
A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members as on the cut-off date, i.e. 01st September, 2025 only shall
be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting / as well as voting through the Polling papers at the AGM. Any recipient
of the notice, who has no voting rights as on the cut-off date, shall treat this notice as an intimation only.
A person who has acquired the shares and has become a member of the company after the dispatch of the notice of the
AGM and prior to the cut-off date i.e. 01st September, 2025 shall be entitled to exercise his/her vote either electronically
i.e. remote e-voting or through the polling papers at the AGM by following the procedure mentioned in this part.
The remote e-voting period will commence on Sunday, 07th September, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. and will end on Tuesday, 09th
September, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. During this period, the members of the company holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e.
01st September, 2025, may cast their vote electronically . The members will not be able to cast their vote electronically
beyond the date and time mentioned above and the remote e-voting module shall be automatically disabled for voting
thereafter.
===== PAGE 34 =====
 
8  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the member, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the
vote again.
The Scrutinizer, after scrutinizing the votes cast at the meeting (polling paper) and through remote e-voting, will, not later
than 2 working days of conclusion of the meeting, make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report and submit the same to the
company. The results declared along with the consolidated scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the website of the
company. The results shall be communicated to the stock exchanges.
Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the date of the meeting,
i.e. 10th September, 2025
The Company has approached NSDL for providing e-voting service s through our e-voting platform. In this regard, your
Demat Account/Folio Number has been enrolled by the Company for your participation in e-voting on resolution placed
by the Company on e-Voting system.
The Notice of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company inter alia indicating the process and manner of e-Voting
process along with printed Attendance Slip and Proxy Form can be downloaded from the link www.evoting.nsdl.com or
info@boranagroup.in.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, 07th September, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, 09th September, 2025
at 05:00 P .M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear
in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record da te (cut-off date) i.e. 01st September, 2025, may cast their
vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital  of
the Company as on the cut-off date, being 01st September, 2025.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts
in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
holding securities in evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No.,
demat mode with NSDL Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/
mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services
home page click on the “Beneficial Owner”  icon under “Login” which is available
under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https:/
/eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
===== PAGE 35 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  9
Borana Weaves Limited
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility
by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
holding securities in user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without
demat mode with CDSL any further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab
and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided
by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting
page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally,
there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so
that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then
click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home
page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile &
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be
able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders You can also login using the login cre dentials of your demat account through your
(holding securities in Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in,
demat mode) login you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected
through their depository to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after success ful authentication, wher ein you can see
participants e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
Password option available at abovementioned website.

===== PAGE 36 =====
 
10  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode f or any technical issues related to login through
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a
holding securities in request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
demat mode with NSDL
Individual Shareholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a
holding securities in request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
demat mode with CDSL
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown
on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat Your User ID is:
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
account with NSDL. For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
account with CDSL. For ex ample if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then
your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with
Form the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456
then user ID is 101456001***
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your
vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve y our ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial
password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox.
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial
password’.
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, ple ase follow steps mentioned below in process for those
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
===== PAGE 37 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  11
Borana Weaves Limited
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?”  (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your
registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting
system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “T erms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares
and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your
vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under
“Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format)
of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)
who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to jitu.rawal192@gmail.com  with a copy marked to
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed
under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct
password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual
for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a
request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share
certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar
Card) by email to info@boranagroup.in.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,
client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to info@boranagroup.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and
joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
===== PAGE 38 =====
12  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-
voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to
vote through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However, they will not be
eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day
of the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.
Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login,
you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on
VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login
where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password
for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting
instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use
Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance mentioning their
name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. The same will be replied
by the company suitably.
6. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a
speaker by sending their request in advance at least seven (7) days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. The shareholders who do not wish to
speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance seven (7) days prior to meeting mentioning
their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@boranagroup.in. These queries will
be replied to by the Company suitably by email.
===== PAGE 39 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  13
Borana Weaves Limited
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
(Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard II on General Meetings)
ITEM NO. 6
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(S) with Related Parties:-Special Resolutions
Pursuant to the Provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act,2013 ('the Act") read with related Rules thereunder state that a ny
related party transaction in relation to sale, purchase or supply of goods or material, directly or through appointment of agen t
amounting to or exceeding 10% or more of the turnover of the Company as per the audited financial statement for the preceding
financial year shall not be entered into by the company except with the prior approval of the Company by a resolution for all
material related party transactions and its subsequent material modification(s), even if such transactions are in the ordinary
course of business of the concerned company and at an arm's length basis.
During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Company, proposes to enter into certain related party transaction(s) as mentioned below,
on mutually agreed terms and conditions, and the aggregate of such transaction(s) are expected to cross the applicable materiality
thresholds. Accordingly, as per the Act, approval of the Members is being sought for all such transactions proposed to be
undertaken by the Company. All the said transactions shall be in the ordinary course of business of the Company and on an arm’s
length basis.
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on Monday, August 04, 2025, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee of the
Company, at its meeting held on same day, had, subject to approval of members of the Company, approved an aggregate limit
not exceeding Rs. 100 crores per company/entites for transactions involving for Purchase of Raw Materials, Purchase of Products ,
Sale of Raw Material and Sale of Products for the Financial Year 2025-26, with below mentioned entities:
1. Borana Filaments Private Limited
2. Borana Industries LLP
3. RB Industries
4. R&B Denims Limited
5. Ricon Industries
6. Ricon Textile Private Limited
7. Arham Weaves Private Limited
8. Sharmila Enterprises
9. Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited
10. Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
a related party within the definition of Section 2(76) of the Act. The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transacti ons
of the nature stated herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of the Company
therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute to business growth, competitiveness, and efficienc y
of the Company.
On the recommendation of Audit Committee, Board of Directors of the Company hereby recommend approval by Members for
Related Party Transaction to be entered by Company upto Rs. 100 Crores per company/group entity for FY 2025-26.
Except Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana & Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana along with and/or his relatives
are concerned or interested in the resolutions. None of the other Directors and/ or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
and/or their respective relatives are concerned or interested either directly or indirectly, except to the extent of their shareholding
in the Company, if any, in the Resolutions mentioned at Item No. 6 of the Notice. The Board recommends the relevant Special
resolutions set forth at Item no. 6 in the Notice for the approval of the Members.
The following disclosure(s) for rendering of any services to the related party is made in accordance with the provisions of Sec tion
188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 15 of Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014:
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Borana Filaments Private Limited Borana Industries LLP
and its relationship with
the entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
===== PAGE 40 =====
 
14  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. T enure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 0 RPT Value :- 21.86 Cr
Company’s preceding % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
audited annual turnover. 2025- 0% 2025- 7.53%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party RB Industries R&B Denims Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. T enure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 9.58 Cr RPT Value :- 9.32 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover. 2025- 3.30% 2025- 3.21%
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 41 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  15
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Ricon Industries Ricon Textile Private Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. Tenure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 0 RPT Value :- 6.82 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover . 2025- 0% 2025- 2.35%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 42 =====
 
16  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Arham Weaves Private Limited Sharmila Enterprises
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. T enure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 14.09 Cr RPT Value :- 0.35 Cr
Company’s preceding % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
audited annual turnover. 2025- 4.86% 2025- 0.12%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 43 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  17
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Particulars R esolution Nos.
No. 6
1. Name of the Related Party Sachin Paper Mills Private Limited Hojiwala Infrastructure Limited
and its relationship with the
entity
2. Type of transaction Purchase & Sale. Purchase & Sale
3. Material terms and Material terms and particulars of the proposed Transaction
particulars of the proposed
Transaction
4. Tenure of the proposed April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026subject to revision, if necessary, in the upcoming Annual
transaction General Meeting
5. Value of the proposed Upto Rs. 100 Crores Upto Rs. 100 Crores
transaction (not to exceed)
6. Value of RPT as % (appx.) of RPT Value :- 1.24 Cr RPT Value :- 1.35 Cr
Company’s preceding audited % of Audited Turnover as on March 31, % of Audited Turnover as on March 31,
annual turnover . 2025-0.43% 2025- 0.47%
7. If the transaction relates to Not Applicable
any loans, inter - corporate
deposits, advances or
investments made or given
by the entity or its subsidiary:
8. Justification as to why the Related Party Transactions has been evaluated by Audit Committee and Audit Committee
RPTs are in the interest of has granted its omnibus approval for Transactions for FY 2025-26.
the Company The Business of the Company may be impacted if the transactions of the nature stated
herein above are not carried on by the company or are restricted. It is in the interest of
the Company therefore, to continue or engage in the said transactions as they contribute
to business growth, competitiveness, and efficiency of the Company.
9.
10. Any other information that All important information forms part of the statement setting out material facts, pursuant
may be relevant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 forming part of this Notice.
ITEM NO. 7
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers)
Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”) (as amended from time to time), no company shall, directly or indirectly, advance any loan, including
any loan represented by a book debt to, or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by (a)
any director of company, or of a company which is its holding company or any partner or relative of any such director; or (b) a ny
firm in which any such director or relative is a partner.
However, a company may advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any
security in connection with any loan taken by any person in whom any of the director of the company is interested, subject to
the condition that (a) a special resolution is passed by the company in general meeting and the loans are utilized by the borrowing
company for its principal business activities.
In order to augment the long term resources of the Company and to render support for the business requirements of the entities
in which director of the Company is interested or deemed to be interested from time to time, the Board of Directors in its meeting
held on 04th August, 2025 has, subject to the approval of shareholders of the Company, proposed and approved for seeking the
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
These transactions were on ordinary course
of Business and on Arm’s Length Price as
per Audit Report of Statutory Auditor for
FY ending on March 31, 2025. The report is
available for inspection by the Members of
the Company. They may follow the process
for inspection of document as mentioned
in ‘Notes’ section forming part of this
Notice.
===== PAGE 44 =====
 
18  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
shareholder approval for advancing any loan, giving any guarantee or providing any security to all such person specified under
Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 and more specifically such other entity/person as the Board of the Directors in its
absolute discretion deems fit and beneficial and in the best interest of the Company (hereinafter commonly known as the Entities);
all together with in whom or in which any of the Director of the Company from time to time is interested or deemed to be
interested and upto an aggregate limit of Rs. 300 Crores. Further, the aforementioned loan(s) and/or guarantee(s) and/or security(ies)
shall only be utilized by the borrower for the purpose of its principal business activities and that keeping the best interest of the
Company. The members may note that Board of Directors would carefully evaluate the proposals and provide such loan, guarantee
or security through deployment of funds out of internal resources/accruals and/or any other appropriate sources, from time to
time, and the proposed loan shall be at such rate of interest as agreed by the parties in the best interest of the Company and
shall be used by the borrowing company for its principal business activities only.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relative(s) is / are in any way concerned or interested, in passing of
the above-mentioned resolution except to the extent of their directorships and shareholding in the Company (if any).
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing a Special Resolution as set out at Item No. 7 of this Notice, in rela tion
to the details as stated above and thus the Board of Directors recommends the said Resolution for the approval of the shareholders
of the Company as a Special Resolution.
ITEM NO. 8
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 the Board of Directors of a Company is authorized to
give loan, guarantee or provide any security to any person or body corporate or acquire by way of subscription, purchase or
otherwise, the securities of any body corporate, upto an amount of which shall not exceed the prescribed ceiling of sixty perce nt
of the aggregate of the paid up capital, free reserves and securities premium account or hundred percent of its free reserves a nd
securities premium account, whichever is more.
As per Section 186 (3) of the Act, the Company can give loans and make investments exceeding the aforesaid limits, after taking
prior approval of members by means of a Special Resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Company. The Company has in
the course of its business formed various subsidiaries, joint venture companies, wherein, the Company is holding investment,
either directly or through its subsidiaries. The Company is undertaking various business activities through its subsidiaries/jo int
ventures and is also making strategic investments from time to time in subsidiaries/joint ventures and other bodies corporate. It
would therefore, be required to provide financial assistance /support from time to time in the form of infusion of capital or b y
way of giving of loans/guarantee into their business for the expansion activities as well as for optimum utilization of funds. It is
therefore, necessary to authorize the Board to make any loan(s) to and/or to give any guarantee(s)/provide any security, in
connection with loan(s) taken by, subsidiaries/bodies corporate and/or to acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise ,
the securities of subsidiaries/bodies corporate in India or outside upto the limits provided in the proposed Special Resolution .
Accordingly the Board of Directors may be authorized to give loans, guarantees, provide securities or make investments as
mentioned above upto an aggregate amount outstanding which shall not exceed Rs 250 Crores which shall be over and above
the limits as specified in Section 186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the aggregate outstanding amount of investment made
in wholly owned and other subsidiaries and/or joint venture / associate companies and the amount of loans/guarantees/securities
given /provided to wholly owned and other subsidiaries and/or joint venture / associate companies. The proposed Special
Resolution as set out in Notice is enabling in nature for any further loan/investment/guarantee/security, to be made or given t o
subsidiaries/bodies corporate/to any banks, financial institutions or any other person as per the provisions of the Companies A ct,
2013. Hence, the approval of the Members of the Company is sought for exercising these powers by the Board by way of Special
Resolution.
None of the Directors of the Company, except to the extent of their shareholding are concerned or interested in the aforesaid
resolution, financially or otherwise.
ITEM NO. 9
Pursuant to Section 180(1)(a), if the Company intends sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of
the undertaking, such activity will require approval of the shareholders of the Company.
The Board recommends the resolution for approval of the members of the Company.
None of the directors, key managerial personnel and relatives of directors and/or key managerial personnel (as defined in the
Companies Act, 2013) are concerned or interested in the proposed resolution, except in the ordinary course of business.
The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for the approval by the members as Special Resolution.
ITEM NO. 10
Pursuant to Section 180(1)(c), if the Company intends to borrow funds, where the money to be borrowed, together with the
money already borrowed by the Company will exceed the aggregate of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities
premium, such borrowing will require approval of the shareholders of the Company.
===== PAGE 45 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  19
Borana Weaves Limited
The Board recommends the resolution for approval of the members of the Company.
None of the directors, key managerial personnel and relatives of directors and/or key managerial personnel (as defined in the
Companies Act, 2013) are concerned or interested in the proposed resolution, except in the ordinary course of business.
The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for the approval by the members as Special Resolution.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 / 16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 46 =====
 
20  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE:
DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE ENSUING ANNUAL GENERAL
MEETING:
(Pursuant to Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard
2 issued by the Institute of Companies Secretaries of India)
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana (DIN- 01091166) is proposed to be re-appointed as Director, who is liable to retire by rotation an d
as per the Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 and Secretarial Standar ds
his details are as under:
Name of Director Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
DIN 01091166
Date of Birth 10/ 02/1977
Qualification B.com
Expertise in specific functional areas Expert in Financial and Operational area
Terms and Conditions of Appointment/ Reappointment As per the resolution of the notice convening this meeting,
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana is liable to retire by rotation at
the meeting and eligible for reappointment.
Remuneration Last drawn 50,000.00 pm
Remuneration Proposed 50,0000.00 p.m.
Date of First Appointment 17.11.2022
Relationship with Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel Mr. Mailala Ambalal Borana and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana
are the relatives.
List of Companies in which directorship is held as on 05
31/ 03/2025
Chairman / Member of the Committee of other Company 03
No. of Meetings of the Board Attended during the year 23
Listed entities from which the person has resigned in the NIL
past three years
List of Companies in which Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana holds directorship as on 31st March, 2025:
Sr. Name of Company Nature of Interest Shareholding Date on which
No. interest arose
1 R & B DENIMS LIMITED Director and Promoter 1.02% 01/ 09/2013
2 BORANA WEAVES LIMITED Director and Promoter 18.48% 17 / 11/2022
3 PANDESARA INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED Independent Director NIL 21/ 07 / 2021
4 AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED Independent Director NIL 17 / 11/2021
5 BORANA FILAMENTS PRIVATE LIMITED Director and Promoter 4.96% 23/ 05 / 2002
By Order of the Board of Directors
Borana Weaves Limited
Sd/-
Seema Lunia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/ 34, B 16 /16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Date : 04th August, 2025
Susml, Sachin, Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India. Place : Surat
===== PAGE 47 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  21
Borana Weaves Limited
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
Your directors have pleasure in presenting the 05th ANNUAL REPORT together with the Audited Financial Statements for the
Financial Year 2024-25 ended 31st March 2025.
1. COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE, STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS AND FUTURE OUTLOOK:
During the year under review, the Company has achieved a gross turnover of Rs.29031.04 lakhs in comparison to the
previous year’s turnover which was Rs. 19905.56 lakhs. It represented the increase of Rs. 9125.48 lakhs over the previous
year . Your Company has earned a net profit of Rs. 4016.18 lakhs against last year’s Rs. 2358.63 lakhs. It represented an
increase of Rs. 1657.55 Lakhs over the previous year. Key aspects of the Financial Performance of your Company for the
current financial year 2024-25 along with the previous financial year 2023-24 are tabulated below in the Financial Results.
The outlook of the Company and its professional management makes an enterprise of high quality and high efficiency as
core competition. Our focus on quality has enabled us to sustain and grow our business model to benefit our customers.
Our Company is managed by a team of experienced personnel having experience in different aspects of the textile
industry. We believe that our qualified and experienced management has substantially contributed to the growth of our
business operations. We believe our track record of timely delivery of quality products and demonstrated technical
expertise has helped in forging strong relationships with our customers.
2. FINANCIAL RESULTS:
In FY 2024–25, Borana Weaves Limited demonstrated signific ant growth in revenue and profitability, reflecting improved
operational efficiency, robust demand, and a favorable product mix.
(Rs. in lakhs)
Particulars FY 2024–25 FY 2023–24
Revenue from Operations 29,031.04 19,905.56
Other Income 478.66 54.90
Total Income 29,509.70 19,960.47
Total Expenses 24,524.42 17,121.30
Profit before Tax 4,912.27 2,839.21
Profit after Tax 4,020.25 2,358.63
Total Comprehensive Income 4,016.18 2,358.63
Earnings per Share (Basic / Diluted) Rs.20.14 Rs.11.83
3. DIVIDEND:
Since the Company needs to plough back the profits for the future development and expansion, the Board of Directors
has not recommended any dividend for the financial year 2024-25. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved
the dividend distribution policy in line with Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations. The Policy broadly specify the
external and internal factors including financial parameters that shall be considered while declaring dividend and the
circumstances under which the shareholders of the Company may or may not expect dividend and how the retained
earnings shall be utilized, etc. The policy is uploaded on the website of the Company at https://boranagroup.in/policies.
4. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS:
The management of the Company continued with its core business activities. There is no change in business of the
Company.
5. ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES:
The Company has allotted shares during the financial year 2024-25 as mentioned below:
As on June 22, 2024, Allotment of 1,98,97,500 Equity Shares as Bonus Shares.
6. DEMATERIALISATION OF EQUITY SHARES:
All the Equity Shares of the Company are in dematerialized form with either of the depositories viz. NSDL and CDSL. The
ISIN No. allotted is INE16SF01016.
7. TRANSFER TO RESERVES:
The Company has propose to transfer amount of Rs. 4016.18 Lakhs to Reserve and Surplus.
===== PAGE 48 =====
 
22  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
8. PUBLIC DEPOSITS:
During the financial year under review, the Company has neither accepted nor renewed any ‘Public Deposit’ within the
meaning of section 73 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposit) Rules, 2014.
9. SUBSIDIARY(IES) COMPANY:
The Company has no Subsidiary Company during the financial year under review.
10. ASSOCIATE COMPANY:
The Company does not have any ‘Associate Company’ within the meaning of section 2(6) of the Act during the financial
year under review.
11. ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 92(3) and Section 134(3)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has placed a copy of the Annual
Return as of March 31, 2025, on its website at https://boranagroup.in/annual-return
12. DIRECTORS & KMP:
a. One of your Directors viz. Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana (DIN – 01091166), retires by rotation in terms of the
Articles of Association of the Company. However, being eligible he offers herself for reappointment.
b. The Board of Directors duly met 23 times during the financial year under review.
c. is being appointed or re-appointed as required under Regulations 36(3) of Listing Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial
Standard on General Meetings is provided in the notice for the forthcoming AGM of the Company.
d. The Company has received the necessary declaration from each Independent Director of the Company under
Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) that they meet with the criteria of their independence laid
down in Section 149(6) of the Act.
e. Formal Annual Evaluation:
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has adop ted a formal mechanism for evaluating the performance
of the Board of Directors as well as that of its committees and individual Directors, including Chairman of
the Board, Key Managerial Personnel/ Senior Management etc. The exercise was carried out through an
evaluation process covering aspects such as composition of the Board, experience, competencies,
governance issues etc.
f. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
Pursuant to the requirement of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, it is hereby confirmed:
i. that in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed
along with proper explanation relating to material departures.
ii. that the Directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of
the Company on 31st March, 2025 being end of the financial year 2024-25 and of the profit of the Company
for the year;
iii. that the Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for maintenance of adequate accounting records in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and
for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities.
iv. that the Directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis.
v. the Directors, had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such
internal financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively.
vi. The Directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws
and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
g. Disclosure relating to remuneration:
The provisions of section 197(12) of the Act read with rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 do apply for FY 2024-25, details with respect to remuneration of employees
are applicable which are as under:
The percentage increase in remuneration of each KMP during the FY 2024-25, ratio of the remuneration of each
Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the FY 2024-25 are as under:
===== PAGE 49 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  23
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Name of Director, KMP & Designation % increase/decrease Ratio of remuneration
No. in Remuneration in of each Director/to
the Financial Year median remuneration
2024-25  of employees
1. Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Managing Director NIL 9.81 : 01
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana, Director NIL 2.45 : 1
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director NIL 2.45 : 1
4. Kanav Sham Sunder Arora, Independent Director Not paid yet -
5. Arvind Kumar Rathi, Independent Director Not paid yet -
6. Nitika Abhishek Soni, Independent Director Not paid yet -
3. The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year 2023-24 was Rs. 109524
whereas in FY 2024-25 it is Rs. 122273.
4. Number of Permanent Employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March 2025 is 655
5. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Nomination & Remuneration Policy for
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.
6. The information as per Rule 5 (2) is as follows:
The statement containing names of top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn and the particulars of
employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate annexure forming part of the
Annual Report. Further, the report and the accounts are being sent to the Members excluding the aforesaid
annexure. In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open for inspection at the Registered Office of
the Company. Any Member interested in obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary after
following due process.
13. COMMITTEES
In terms of Companies Act, 2013, our Company has already constituted the following Committees of the Board:
1) Audit Committee.
2) Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
3) Shareholders Relationship Committee.
4) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee; and
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee was originally constituted at a meeting of the Board of Directors held on October 01, 2024. The
Audit Committee was consisting of the following Directors as on 31.03.2025:
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Designation
No. Audit Committee
1. Arvind Kumar Rathi Chairman Independent Director
2. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee was consisting as on October 01, 2024 with following Directors;
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Designation
No. Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
1. Nitika Abhishek So ni Chairperson Independent Director
2. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director
3. Arvind Kumar Rathi Member Independent Director
===== PAGE 50 =====
 
24  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
SHAREHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The Shareholders/ Investors Grievance Committee have been originally formed by the Board of Directors at the meeting
held on October 01, 2024. The Shareholders/ Investors Grievance Committee was consisting of the following Directors as
on 31.03.2025 is as under.
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Designation
No. Stakeholders Relationship
Committee
1. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Chairman Independent Director
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been re-constituted by the Board of Directors at the meeting held on
October 01, 2024. The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was consisting of the following Directors as on 31.03.2025;
Sr. Name of Director Designation in Designation
No. Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
1. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Chairman Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
3. Nitika Abhishek Soni Member Independent Director
14. GENERAL:
During the year.
i) The Company has allotment of shares which have been mentioned above in detail.
ii) The Company does not have any ESOP scheme for its employees / Directors;
iii) The Company has not bought back any of its securities;
iv) The Company has not issued any Sweat Equity Shares;
15. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL AND ITS ADEQUACY:
The Board has adopted policies and procedures for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to the Company’s policies, safeguarding of assets, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records and the timely preparation of reliable financial disclosures.
16. AUDITORS:
Statutory Auditor:
M/s. KSA & Co., Chartered Accountants, Surat, Statutory Auditors of the Company has submitted the Audit Report for the
financial year 2024-25.
Further pursuant to recommendation of Audit Committee the Board of Directors has approved the Reappointment of
M/s. KSA & Co., Chartered Accountants, Surat for 5 financial Year Subject to approval of Shareholders of the Company
at Annual General Meeting to be held on 10th Day of September, 2025 from this AGM till AGM for FY 2029-30.
They have conveyed their consent to be appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company along with a confirmation
that their appointment, if made by the members, would be within the limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
Cost Auditor:
The provisions of section 148 of the Companies Act read with rule 3 of the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules,
2014 do apply to the Company. Accordingly, the Company has M/s. VAGHELA KISHOR & CO , appointed the Cost Auditor .
Secretarial Auditor:
As the Company has listed its Equity Shares as on 27th Day of May, 2025 therefore for the FY 2024-25 Secretarial Audit
was not applicable to the Company.
The provisions of section 204 of the Act read with rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014 do apply for the 2025-26 for which the Board of Director proposed to appoint Mr. Jitendrakumar
Rewashanakar Rawal as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for FY 2025-26.
===== PAGE 51 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  25
Borana Weaves Limited
Hence, the Secretarial Audit Report for the FY 2024-25 is not applicable to the Company.
Reporting of fraud by Auditors
The Statutory Auditors and Secretarial Auditor of the Company have not reported any instances of fraud committed
against the Company, by its officers or employees which are not reportable to the Central Government as specified under
Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013.
17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION:
Details of Related Party Transactions and Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of
Section 188 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 respectively are given in the notes to the Financial Statements attached
to the Auditors’ Report.
All transactions entered by the Company during the financial year with related parties were in the ordinary course of
business and on an arm’s length basis. During the year, the Company had not entered any transactions with related parties
which could be considered as material in accordance with the policy of the Company on materiality of related party
transactions.
18. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES, INVESTMENT & SECURITIES PROVIDED:
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the companies Act, 2013
respectively are given in the notes to the Financial Statements attached to the Auditors’ Report.
19. SIGNIFICANT / MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORY:
During the year, there was no significant / material order passed by any regulator, court or tribunal on the Company
impacting the going concern status and Company’s operations in future.
20. RISK MANAGEMENT:
The Company already has a risk management system to identify, evaluate and minimize the Business risks. The Company
during the year formalized the same by formulating and adopting Risk Management Policy. This policy intends to identify,
evaluate, monitor and minimize the identifiable risks in the Organization.
21. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY , TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
With reference to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013, the details of conservation of energy, technology
absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo are annexed herewith.
22. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
The Company has re constituted Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013
and Rules of Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility policy), 2014. The Committee Consist Of three directors namely
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borna as Chairperson of CSR Committee, Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana and Ms. Nikita Abhishek Rathi
as members of the Committee.
The Company has spent the amount on CSR Activities for the financial year 2024-25 as per Schedule VII of the Companies
Act, 2013. The Company has duly spent the amount within the time prescribed under Section 135 of the Companies Act,
2013. (CSR Report separately attached herewith).
23. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 5 of The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,
2014 read with the Companies Act, 2013, it is hereby informed that none of the employees of the Company was in receipt
of remuneration of Rs. 8.5 lakhs per month or Rs. 1.02 crore per annum during the year under review.
24. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the year under review as stipulated under Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is presented in a separate section forming part of the Annual
Report.
25. SAFETY , HEALTH AND ENVIROMENT:
(a) Safety: The Company encourages a high level of awareness of safety issues among its employees and strives for
continuous improvement. All incidents are analyzed in the safety committee meetings and corrective actions are
taken immediately. Employees are trained in safe practices to be followed at the workplace.
(b) Health: Your Company attaches utmost importance to the health of its employees. Periodic checkup of employees
is done to monitor their health. Health related issues, if any, are discussed with visiting Medical Officer.
(c) Environment: Company always strives hard to give importance to environmental issues in normal course of
operations. Adherence to Environmental and pollution control Norms as per Gujarat Pollution Control guidelines
is of high concern to the Company.
===== PAGE 52 =====
 
26  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
26. DISCLOSURE OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT:
Pursuant to section 22 of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013, entire staff in the Company is working in a most congenial manner and there are no occurrences of any incidents
of sexual harassment during the year.
27. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
The Directors state that applicable Secretarial Standards, i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’
and ‘General Meetings’, respectively, have been duly followed by the Company.
28. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT:
Certain Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis section may be forward looking and are stated as required
by applicable laws and regulations. Many factors may affect the actual results, which would be different from what the
Directors envisage in terms of the future performance and outlook.
29. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:
The Board places on record its appreciation for the continued co-operation and support extended to the Company by its
customers which enables the Company to make every effort in understanding their unique needs and deliver maximum
customer Satisfaction.
We place on record our appreciation of the contribution made by the employees at all levels, whose hard work, cooperation
and support helped us face all challenges and deliver results. We acknowledge the support of our vendors, the regulators,
the esteemed league of bankers, financial institutions, rating ag encies, gov ernment agencie s, stock exchanges and
depositories, auditors, legal advisors, consultants, business associates and other stakeholders.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 53 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  27
Borana Weaves Limited
ANNEXURE OF DIRECTO’S REPORT
FORM NO. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/ arrangements entered in to by the company with related parties referred to in
sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangemen ts or transactions not at arm’s length basis:
During the year under review, the company has not entered into any contracts or arrangements with any of the related
party which are not on arm’s length basis.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis
Sr. Name(s) of the Nature of contracts/ Dur ation of the Salient t erm Date(s) if Amount
No. related party and arrangements/ contracts/ of the contracts approval by paid as
nature of relationship transactions arrangements / or arrang ements approval by advance
transactions or tr ansactions the Board, if any
including the if any
value, if any
1. Mohinidevi Borana Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
(Director’s Wife) Rent Exp.
2. Rajkumar Borana Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
(Director) Rent Exp.
3. Ankur Borana Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
(Director) Rent Exp.
4. Mangilal Borana Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
(Director) Rent Exp.
5. Ankur Mangilal Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
Borana HUF Rent Exp.
(Director’s HUF)
6. Rajkumar Mangilal Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
Borana HUF Rent Exp.
(Director’s HUF)
7. Nareshkumar Ambalal Factory Shed Annually NA NA NIL
Borana HUF (Director Rent Exp.
Brother’s HUF)
8. Dhwani Borana Salary Annually NA NA NIL
(Director’s Wife)
9. Ankur Borana Car Transaction One Time NA NA NIL
(Director)
10. Sharmila Enterprise Sales of Yarn Annually NA NA NIL
(Director’s Spouse -
Proprietorship)
11. Arham Weaves Pvt.Ltd. Sales of Yarn Annually NA NA NIL
(Director’s Sister -
Substantially Interested)
12. Borana Industries LLP Sales of Yarn Annually NA NA NIL
(Directors are
Designated Partner)
13. Ricon Textiles Pvt. Ltd. Sales of Beam/Yarn Annually NA NA NIL
(Common Management)
===== PAGE 54 =====
 
28  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. Name(s) of the Nature of contracts/ Dur ation of the Salient t erm Date(s) if Amount
No. related party and arrangements/ contracts/ of the contracts approval by paid as
nature of relationship transactions arrangements / or arrang ements approval by advance
transactions or tr ansactions the Board, if any
including the if any
value, if any
14. Sachin Paper Mills Sales of Wastage Annually NA NA NIL
Pvt.Ltd. (Director’s
Brother - Directorship)
15. R &amp; B Denims Ltd. Purchase POY Annually NA NA NIL
(Common Director)
16. RB Industries Purchase POY Annually NA NA NIL
(Director is a Partner)
17. Borana Industries LLP Grey Job Work Annually NA NA NIL
(Common Management)
Note: For better transparency and reporting, the material related party transactions entered into by the company during
the financial year 2024-25 have been disclosed in Form AOC-2, irrespective of the fact that they have been in the ordinary
course of business.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 55 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  29
Borana Weaves Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
Your directors take pleasure in pr esenting the Management Discussion and Analysis Report for
the year ended on 31st March 2025.
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW:
India’s textile industry is a cornerstone of the national economy, contributing approximately 14% to industrial production and
employing over 35 million people, making it the second-largest employer after agriculture. The sector accounts for 27% of India ’s
foreign exchange earnings through exports, with a target of achieving USD 100 billion in exports by 2030, as outlined by the
Ministry of Textiles. Despite global macro headwinds, the industry recorded healthy revenue growth in FY 2024-25, driven by a
rebound in export demand, particularly to markets like China, and steady domestic consumption. However, challenges such as
volatile cotton prices, high input costs, and competition from low-cost garment imports persisted, impacting smaller players more
significantly than larger, integrated firms.
The technical textiles segment, growing at 10% annually, presents significant opportunities, supported by government initiative s
like the PM Mitra Mega Textile Parks and a INR 1,000 crore allocation for R&D. The industry is also witnessing a tech-driven
transformation, with MSMEs in hubs like Tiruppur adopting AI to enhance efficiency and sustainability.
The Indian textile industry remains a pivotal sector contributing significantly to the country’s industrial output, employment,  and
exports. Within this vast landscape, the yarn manufacturing and weaving segment serves as a foundational pillar, supporting the
value chain from raw fiber to finished garment.
In FY 2024–25, the industry faced a complex environment shaped by global macroeconomic shifts, fluctuating cotton prices, risin g
energy costs, and changing trade policies. Despite these challenges, demand for quality yarn and woven fabrics remained strong,
supported by the resurgence of apparel exports, increased domestic consumption, and government-led incentives promoting
indigenous manufacturing.
ORGANISATION PROFILE:
Borana Weaves Limited is a public limited company incorporated on 28th October 2020 under the Companies Act, 2013, with its
Corporate Identification Number (CIN) U17299GJ2020PLC117745. The company is registered with the Registrar of Companies,
Ahmedabad, and operates as a Company Limited by Shares.
Headquartered in Gujarat, Borana Weaves Limited is engaged in the manufacturing of yarn and weaving of fabrics, serving both
domestic and international markets. With a modern manufacturing setup and integrated operations, the company is focused on
producing high-quality yarn and woven fabrics tailored for fashion, home textiles, and industrial applications.
Key Highlights FY 2024–25:
• Revenue Growth: 48% year-over-year growth in operational revenue.
• Profit Growth: 70% increase in profit after tax.
• EBITDA & Margin Expansion:  Driven by better capacity utilization and cost control.
• Zero Stock-in-Trade Purchases: Reflecting fully in-house manufacturing strength.
• Increased Capital Efficiency:  Higher earnings per share (EPS) at Rs. 20.14 v/s Rs. 11.83 last year .
The company continues to invest in modern machinery, automation, and quality enhancement systems to support its long-term
growth strategy. It has also adopted prudent financial management and tax planning, contributing to stable earnings and sustainable
returns to stakeholders.
INDIAN RETAIL INDUSTRY:
The Indian textile industry is one of the oldest and most significant industries in the country, forming the backbone of India’ s
manufacturing sector. As of FY 2024–25, the industry is valued at approximately USD 170 billion, contributing about 2.3% to India’s
GDP , 13% to industrial production, and 11% to total exports. It is also the second-largest employer in India, providing direct and
indirect employment to over 45 million people.
EXPANSION & FUTURE PROPOSAL:
Borana Weaves Limited has outlined a strategic growth roadmap in its Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP), focused on enhancing
manufacturing capabilities and operational scale. The key initiatives are:
1. New Manufacturing Unit (Unit 4) – Surat
• Planned setup of a new facility to increase production capacity for unbleached synthetic grey fabric.
• Fund Allocation: Rs.71.35 crore from IPO proceeds.
• Objective: Meet rising demand and strengthen market presence in the woven fabric segment.
2. Working Capital Enhancement
• Allocation of Rs.26.50 crore to support increased working capital needs.
• Purpose: Ensure smooth procurement of raw materials and efficient production cycles across all units.
===== PAGE 56 =====
 
30  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
3. General Corporate Purposes
• Additional funds reserved for strategic flexibility, including technology upgrades, product diversification, and
operational efficiency improvements.
4. Operational Context
• Existing three units in Surat operating with 700+ looms and processing equipment.
• Revenue grew significantly from Rs.42 crore (FY 2022) to Rs.199 crore (FY 2024).
• High capacity utilization in Unit 1 & 3; Unit 2 offers room for optimization.
These expansion plans position Borana Weaves Limited to scale operations, improve profitability, and respond more dynamically
to domestic and international market opportunities.
THREATS:
• Volatile Raw Material Prices, especially cotton and synthetic fibers.
• Power and Fuel Costs impacting production economics.
• Labour Availability and Costs in traditional textile belts.
• Geopolitical Uncertainties and trade barriers in key markets.
OUTLOOK:
Looking ahead, Borana Weaves Limited is poised to strengthen its position in the textile value chain by:
• Increasing spinning capacity to meet rising yarn demand.
• Expanding weaving capabilities with automated looms.
• Exploring export markets with a focus on quality and timely delivery.
• Investing in sustainable production processes and water-efficient technologies.
The company expects moderate revenue growth and improved pr ofitability in FY 2025–26, driven by an efficient cost structure,
product innovation, and customer-centric strategy.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE:
The financial performance of the Company for the year 2024-25 is described in the Directors' Report under the head Financial
Result.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM:
Your Company maintains a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the following:
• Effectiveness and efficiency of operations
• Prevention and detection of frauds and errors
• Effective use of resources
• Adherence to applicable Accounting Standards and policies
• Timely preparation of reliable ¬ financial information
Internal controls and governance processes are duly reviewed for their adequacy and effectiveness on a periodical basis.
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES AND INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS FRONT:
Company takes pride in the commitment, competence and dedication shown by its employees in all areas of business. Your
directors wish to convey their gratitude and place on record their appreciation for all the employees at all levels for their h ard
work, solidarity, cooperation and dedication during the year. Industrial relations were cordial throughout the year.
DISCLAIMER:
Statements in this Annual Report, particularly those which relate to Management Discussion and Analysis, describing the Company’s
objectives, projections, estimates and expectations may constitute ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable
laws and regulations. Actual results may materially differ from those expressed or implied.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 57 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  31
Borana Weaves Limited
Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities for the Financial Year 2024-25
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
The Company has framed Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy which encompasses its philosophy and guides its
sustained efforts for undertaking and supporting socially useful programs for the welfare and sustainable development
of the society.
The CSR Policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://boranagroup.in/policies.
2. Composition of CSR committee as on 31.03.2025:
Name of Director Designation / Nature Number of meetings Number of meetings
of Directorship of CSR Committee held of CSR Committee
during the year attended during the year
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Chairman 1 1
Ankur Mangilal Borana Member 1 1
Nitika Abhishek Soni Member 1 1
3. Web link on the Website of the Company for Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by
the Board: https://boranagroup.in/policies
4. Details of impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable:
Not Applicable for the financial year under review
5. Details of the amount available for set-off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil
6. Average net profit of the Company as per Sec. 135(5): Rs. 1688.37 lakhs
7. a. Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): Rs. 33.77 lakhs
b. Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the previous financial years: Nil
c. Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil
d. Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): . 33.77 LAKHS
8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year(s):
Total Amount Related to Amount Unspent (Rs. in lakhs)
Spent for the which Total Amount transferred Amount transferred to any fund
Financial Year F inancial to Unspent CSR Account specified under Schedule VII as per
(in Rs.) Year as per Section 135(6) second proviso to Section 135(5)n
Amount Date of Name Amount Date of
transfer of the transfer
Fund
55 Lakhs 2024-25 Not Applicable Not Applicable
(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: NIL
===== PAGE 58 =====
 
32  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
(c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year (s):
Financial Name Item from Local Loc ation of Amount Mode of Mode of
Year(s) of the the list of area the Project spent Implemen- Implementa tion
Project activities in (Yes/No) State     District for the ta tion -Through
Schedule project - Direct Implementing
VII to the (in Rs.) (Yes/No) Agency
Act Name CSR
Registration
Number
2024-25 Agrawal An Yes Gujarat 55 Lakhs Yes -
Samaj Environment
Vidhya and Human
Vihar Rights
Trust organization
& Charitable
Trust
(d) Amount spent in administrative overheads: NIL
(e) Amount spent on impact assessment, if applicable: Not applicable
(f) T otal amount spent for the financial year (8b+8c+8d+8e): Rs. 55 Lakhs
(g) Details of excess amount for set-off are as follows: NIL
Sl. No. Particulars Amount (in Rs.)
(i) average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 1688.37 lakhs
(ii) T otal amount spent for the financial year 2024-25 33.55 lakhs
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 21.23 Lakhs
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmers or activities of the
previous financial years, if any NIL
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 21.23 Lakhs
9. (a) Details of unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: NIL
(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): N.A.
Not applicable, as the concept of 'ongoing projects' has been introduced in the CSR Amendment Rules, relevant
from fiscal 2025. Details of spend on all ongoing projects during fiscal 2021 are covered under 8(b) above.
10. In the case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired
through CSR spent in the financial year: N.A.
No capital asset was created / acquired for fiscal 2025: N.A.
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend tw o percent of the average net profit as per Section 135(5): N.A.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 59 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  33
Borana Weaves Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
(The Directors present detailed report on Corporate Governance for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, as  per Regulation
34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.)
1. PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
Your Company believes that good corporate governance practices enable the Board to direct and control the affairs of the
Company in an efficient manner. At the same time, it also provides transparency in all its day-to-day management and
administration of the business and affairs of the company. Timely information to investors, creditors, institutions, bankers,
public in proper manner also provide them with an opportunity to take right decision on investment in the company
whether by way of equity or by debt instrumen t or even by financing or by making business transactions.
The Company implements and practices the principles of Corporate Governance based on fairness, transparency, integrity,
honesty and accountability consistently being followed in all its business practices and dealings. The Company is committed
to observing good governance by focusing on adequate & timely disclosures, transparent & robust accounting policies,
strong & independent Board and endeavors to maximize shareholder’s benefit.
Keeping the above in mind, your Company is fully committed to conduct its affairs in a fair and transparent manner and
to enhance shareholders value while complying with the applicable Rules and Regulations. We are in compliance with all
the requirements of the Corporate Governance enshrined in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI Listing Regulations”).
Adherence to the various policies and codes adopted by the Company from time to time in conformity with regulatory
requirements helps the Company fulfill this responsibility.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Compositions:
The Board of your Company consists of 6 (Six) Directors as on March 31, 2025, out of which 3(Three) are Executive
Directors and 3 (Three) are non-Executive/ Independent Directors. The Chairman of the Board is an Executive Director.
The Composition of the Board is in compliance with the requirements of SEBI Listing Regulations. No other directors are
related to each other except Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Mr . Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana.
All the Directors have certified that they are not members in more than 10 (Ten) Committees and do not act as Chairman
of more than 5(Five) Committees across all the Companies in which they are Directors.
The Composition of Board of Directors as on March 31, 2025 in the company is as follows:
Name of Designa tion DIN Category Total No. Committee Committee
Director of Other Membership Chairmanship
Directorship
Mangilal Chairman & 01091167 Executive 2 – –
Ambalal Borana Managing Director Director
Ankur Mangilal Executive Director 01091164 Executive Stakeholders’ –
Borana & CEO Director 6 Relationship
Committee, CSR
Committee
Rajkumar Executive Director 01091166 Executive 6 Audit Committee, CSR
Mangilal Borana & CFO Direct or Stakeholder s’ Committee
Relationship
Committee,
CSR Committee
Kanav Independent 00933401 Non-Executive Audit Committee, Stakeholders’
Sham Sunder Director Independent 5 NRC, Relationship
Arora Director St akeholders’ Committee
Relationship
Committee
Arvind Kumar Independent 07842066 Non-Executive 2 NRC Audit
Rathi Director Independent Committee
Director
Nitika Abhishek Independent 10708045 Non-Ex ecutive 2 NRC, CSR Nomination &
Soni Director Independent Committee R emuneration
Director Committee
===== PAGE 60 =====
 
34  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana appointed as CEO w.e.f. September 24, 2024.
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana appointed as CFO w.e.f. September 24, 2024.
Ms. Seema Manish Luniya appointed as Company Secretary & Compliance Officer w.e.f. September 25, 2024.
Mr. Kanav Sham Sunder Arora appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. July 17, 2024.
Mr. Arvind Kumar Rathi appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. July 17, 2024.
Ms. Nitika Abhishek Soni appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. July 17, 2024.
The Designation of Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana changed from Director to Managing Director as on September 28, 2024.
Board Meetings and Procedure:
The internal guidelines for Board/Committee meetings facilitate the decision-making process at the meetings of the
Board/Committees in an informed and efficient manner.
Board Meetings are governed by a structured agenda. All major agenda items are backed by comprehensive background
information to enable the Board to take informed decisions. The Company Secretary in consultation with the Senior
Management prepares the detailed agenda for the meetings.
Agenda papers and Notes on the Agenda are circulated to the Directors, in advance, in the defined Agenda format. All
material information is being circulated along with Agenda papers for facilitating meaningful and focused discussions at
the meeting. Where it is not practicable to attach any document to the agenda, the same is tabled before the meeting
with specific reference to this effect on the agenda. In special and exceptional circumstances, additional or supplementary
item(s) on the agenda are permitted. To transact some urgent business, which may come up after circulation agenda
papers, the same is placed before the Board by way of table agenda or chairman’s agenda. Frequent and detailed
deliberation on the agenda provides the strategic roadmap for the future growth of the Company.
Minimum 4 (Four) Board meetings are held every year. Apart from the above, additional Board meetings are convened
by giving appropriate notice to address the specific needs of the Company. The meetings are usually held at the Company’s
Registered Office of the Company.
The important decisions taken at the Board/Committee meetings are communicated to the departments concerned
promptly. Action taken report on the decisions taken at the meeting(s) is placed at the immediately succeeding meeting
of the Board/Committee for noting by the Board/Committee.
During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Board of Directors of your Company met 23 (Twenty Three) times. The details of
attendance of each Director at Board Meetings held in the Financial Year and the last Annual General Meeting are as
under.
Dates and Attendance of all Name of Directors
Director at Board Meeting Mangilal Ankur Rajkumar Kanav Arvind Nitika
Ambalal Mangi lal Mangilal Sham Sunder K umar Abhishek
Borana Borana Borana Arora Rathi Soni
13.05.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
03.06.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
19.06.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
22.06.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
04.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
05.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
15.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA NA NA
18.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
22.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
30.07.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
01.08.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
05.09.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
07.09.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
===== PAGE 61 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  35
Borana Weaves Limited
Dates and Attendance of all Name of Directors
Director at Board Meeting Mangilal Ankur Rajkumar Kanav Arvind Nitika
Ambalal Mangi lal Mangilal Sham Sunder K umar Abhishek
Borana Borana Borana Arora Rathi Soni
25.09.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
26.09.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
01.10.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
05.10.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
18.10.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
15.11.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
16.11.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
30.11.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
02.12.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
03.02.2025 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Total No. of Board Meetings
Attended 23 23 23 16 16 16
Attendance at the last AGM
held on 30.09.2024 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
During the year, the Board of Directors accepted all recommendations of the Committees of the Board, which were
statutory in nature and required to be recommended by the Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.
Confirmation as regards independence of Independent Directors
It is confirmed that in the opinion of the board, the independent directors fulfill the conditions specified in these
regulations and are independent of the management.
Code of Conduct for Board & Senior Management Personnel
Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Board Members & Senior Management Personnel and the declaration
from the Managing Director, stating that all the Directors and the Senior Management Personnel of your Company have
affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct has been included in this Report. The Code has been posted on your
Company’s website at https://boranagroup.in/policies.
Profile of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment:
A brief profile and other information about the directors’ seeking re-appointment is provided in the notice convening the
Annual General Meeting.
Detailed reasons for the resignation of an independent director
During the year under none of independent directors resigned from the post of independent director and detailed reasons
for resignation were attached to the outcome of the meeting.
Meeting of Independent Directors
During the year, a meeting of Independent Directors was held on September 26, 2024, to review the performance of the
Board on parameters of effectiveness and to assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between
the management and the Board. Kanav Sham Sunder Arora Chairman of the Meeting presented the views of the Independent
Directors on matter relating to Board processes and overall affairs of the Company to the full Board. All Independent
Directors were present in the meeting.
Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se
Following relationships exist between directors –
No other directors are related to each other except Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana and
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana.
None of the Independent Directors are related to each other or to any other executive directors.
BOARD COMMITTEES
To support effective governance, the Board has constituted the following committees:
===== PAGE 62 =====
 
36  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
A. Audit Committee
The Audit Committee of your Company has been constituted on October 1, 2024, as per the requirements of Section 177
of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Committee is an Independent Director.
Meetings Held in FY 2024–25: 2
Name Position Designation Meetings Attended
Mr. Arvind Kumar Rathi Chairman Independent Director 2
Mr. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director 2
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member CFO & Executive Director 2
Terms of Reference, Powers, and Role
Terms of Reference for the Audit Committee:
The Audit Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, as may be required by the relevant stock exchange(s)in
India where the equity shares of the Company are proposed to be listed (the “Stock Exchanges”) from time to time, the
following:
A. Powers of Audit Committee
The Audit Committee shall have powers, including the following:
(1) to investigate any activity within its terms of reference;
(2) to seek information from any employee;
(3) to obtain outside legal or other professional advice; and
(4) to secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary.
(5) Such powers as may be prescribed under the Companies Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
Role of Audit Committee
The role of the Audit Committee shall include the following:
(1) oversight of financial reporting process and the disclosure of financial information relating to the Company
to ensure that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible;
(2) recommendation to the Board for appointment, re-appointment, replacement, remuneration and terms of
appointment of auditors of the Company and the fixation of the audit fee;
(3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
(4) examining and reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's report
thereon before submission to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:
a. matters required to be included in the director’s responsibility statement to be included in the
Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
b. changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
c. major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
d. significant adjustments  made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
e. compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
f. disclosure of any related party transactions; and
g. modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
(5) reviewing, with the management, the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements before submission
to the Board for approval;
(6) reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than
those stated in the offer document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by the monitoring
agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate
recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter;
(7) reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
(8) approval of any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties and omnibus
approval for related party transactions proposed to be entered into by the Company, subject to the conditions
as may be prescribed;
===== PAGE 63 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  37
Borana Weaves Limited
Explanation: The term "related party transactions" shall have the same meaning as provided in Clause 2(zc) of
the SEBI Listing Regulations and/or the applicable Accounting Standards and/or the Companies Act, 2013.
(9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
(10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;
(11) evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
(12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the
internal control systems;
(13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and
frequency of internal audit;
(14) discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow-up thereon;
(15) reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting
the matter to the Board;
(16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well
as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
(17) looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to depositors, debenture holders,
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
(18) reviewing the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
(19) monitoring the end use of funds through public offers and related matters;
(20) overseeing the vigil mechanism established by the Company, with the chairman of the Audit Committee
directly hearing grievances of victimization of employees and directors, who used vigil mechanism to report
genuine concerns in appropriate and exceptional cases;
(21) approval of appointment of chief financial officer (i.e., the whole-time finance Director or any other person
heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and
background, etc. of the candidate;
(22) reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances fr om/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary
exceeding Rs.1,000,000,000 or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing
loans/ advances/ investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision; and
(23) considering and commenting on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders;
(24) approving the key performance indicators for disclosure in the offer documents; and
(25) carrying out any other functions required to be carried out by the Audit Committee as may be decided by
the Board and/oras providedunder the Companies Act, 2013,the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other
applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC)
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of your Company has been constituted on October 01, 2024 as per the
requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Committee
is an Independent Director.
Meetings Held in FY 2024–25: 1
Name Position Designation Meetings Attended
Ms. Nitika Abhishek Soni Chairperson Independent Director 1
Mr. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Member Independent Director 1
Mr. Arvind Kumar Rathi Member Independent Director 1
Terms of Reference for the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, the following:
• Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and
recommend to the board of directors of the Company (the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) a policy relating to
the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees (“Remuneration Policy”);
===== PAGE 64 =====
 
38  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
• For appointment of an independent directors, evaluationof the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the
Board and on the basis of such evaluation, preparation of a description of the role and cap abilities required of an
independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall
have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee may:
a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;
b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c. consider the time commitments of the candidates.
• Formulation of criteria for evaluation of independent directors and the Board;
• Devising a policy on Board diversity;
• Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in
accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and carrying
out evaluation of every director’s performance (including independent director);
• Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report
of performance evaluation of independent directors;
• Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management;
• The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while formulating the Remuneration Policy, should ensure that-
a. the level and composition of remuneration be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate
directors of the quality required to run the Company successfully;
b. relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;
and
c. remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance between
fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives appropriate to the working
of the Company and its goals.
• perform such functions as are required to be performed by the compensation committee under the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended,
including the following:
a. administering the employee stock option plans of the Company, as may be required;
b. determining the eligibility of employees to participate under the employee stock option plans of the
Company;
c. granting options to eligible employees and determining the date of grant;
d. determining the number of options to be granted to an employee;
e. determining the exercise price under the employee stock option plans of the Company; and
f. construing and interpreting the employee stock option plans of the Company and any agreements defining
the rights and obligations of the Company and eligible employees under the employee stock option plans
of the Company, and prescribing, amending and/or rescinding rules and regulations relating to the
administration of the employee stock option plans of the Company.
• frame suitable policies, procedures and systems to ensure that there is no violation of securities laws, as amended
from time to time, including:
a. the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; and
b. the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices
Relating to the Securities Market) Regulations, 2003, by the trust, the Company and its employees, as
applicable.
• carrying out any other activities as may be delegated by the Board and otherfunctions required to be carried out
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as provided under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing
Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
C. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of your Company has been constituted on October 01, 2024 as per the
requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Committee
is a Non-Executive Director.
===== PAGE 65 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  39
Borana Weaves Limited
Meetings Held in FY 2024–25: 1
Name Position Designation Meetings Attended
Mr. Kanav Shayamsunder Arora Chairman Independent Director 1
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member CEO & Executive Director 1
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Member CFO & Executive Director 1
Terms of Reference for the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee shall be responsible for, among other things, as may be required under applicable
law, the following:
• considering and looking into various aspects of interest of shareholders, debenture holders and other security
holders
• resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate
certificates, general meetings etc.;
• formulation of procedures in line with the statutory guidelines to ensure speedy disposal of various requests
received from shareholders from time to time;
• giving effect to allotment of Equity Shares, approval of transfer or transmission of Equity Shares, debentures or any
other securities;
• issue of duplicate certificates and new certificates on split/consolidation/renewal, etc.;
• review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;
• review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being
rendered by the registrar &share transfer agent;
• to dematerialize or rematerialize the issued shares;
• review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders
of the company; and
• carrying out any other functions required to be carried out by the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee as
contained in the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other applicable law, as and when amended from time to time.
D. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of your Company has been reconstituted on October 1, 2024 as per the
requirements of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Chairman of the Committee is an Executive Director .
Meetings Held in FY 2024–25: 1
Name Position Designation Meetings Attended
Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Chairman CFO & Executive Director 1
Mr. Ankur Mangilal Borana Member CEO & Executive Director 1
Ms. Nitika Abhishek Soni Member Independent Director 1
Terms of Reference and Role
(a) formulate and recommend to the Board, a “Corporate Social Responsibility Policy” which shall indicate the activities
to be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act;
(b) review and recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred to in clause (a)and
amount to be incurred for such expenditure shall be as per the applicable law;
(c) review and monitor the corporate social responsibility policy of the Company and its implementation from time
to timeand timely completion of corporate social responsibility programme; and
(d) any other matter as the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee may deem appropriate after approval of the
Board or as may be directed by the Board from time to time and/or as may be required under applicable law, as
and when amended from time to time.
Remuneration Policy:
The remuneration policy of the Company is directed towards rewarding performance, based on review of achievements
===== PAGE 66 =====
 
40  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
on a periodic basis. The Company endeavours to attract, retain, develop and motivate the high-caliber executives and to
incentivize them to develop and implement the Companies Strategy, thereby enhancing the business value and maintain
a high-performance workforce. The policy ensures that the level and composition of remuneration of the Directors is
optimum.
The Remuneration policy is also placed on the website of the Company can be accessed at https://boranagroup.in/
policies.
Salient features of the policy on remuneration of executive and non-executive directors are as under:
Executive Directors:
The Board of Directors in consultation with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee decides on the remuneration
payable to the Managing Director/Whole-Time Director. The total remuneration to the Managing Director comprises fixed
component consisting of salary and perquisites in accordance with Company’s policy.
Details of remuneration and sitting fees paid or provided to all the directors during the year ended March 31, 2025 are
as under:
Name of Director Salary & Per quisites Sitting Fe es Commission Total
Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Managing Director 12 Lacs - - 12 Lacs
Ankur Mangilal Borana, Director 3 Lacs - - 3 Lacs
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director 3 Lacs - - 3 Lacs
Kanav Shyamsunder Arora, Independent Director - - - -
Arvind Kumar Rathi, Independent Director - -
Nitika Abhishek Soni, Independent Drector - - - -
Notes:
(i) There were no pecuniary relationships or transactions of the Independent Directors vis-à-vis Company.
(ii) The Managing Director is being paid remuneration as approved by the shareholders of the Company.
(iii) None of the Directors of the Company has been granted any Stock Options during the year. The Shareholding of
Directors as on March 31, 2025 is as under:
Sr. No. Name of Director Shareholding Percentage
1 Mangilal Ambalal Borana 3,747,480  18.80%
2 Rajkumar Mangilal Borana 3,684,855 18.48%
3 Ankur Mangilal Borana 1,242,480 6.23%
Performance Evaluation:
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations, the Committee has carried out the
annual performance evaluation of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. The Board of Directors also carried out annual
performance evaluation of Independent Directors and Committees of the Board. Performance evaluation was carried out
based on approved criteria such as adherence to ethical standards and code of conduct, constructive participation in
board meetings, implementing good corporate governance practices etc. The Directors expressed their satisfaction with
the evaluation process.
The independent directors also held separate meeting to review the performance of Non-Independent Directors and
Board as whole, reviewed the performance of Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive
Directors and Non-Executive Directors and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between
the Company Management and the Board.
DETAILS OF GENERAL MEETINGS:
Details of Annual General Meetings held during the last financial year –
For the Financial Year Date of AGM Time Venue
2024-25 30/ 09/2024 At Registered office of the Company
===== PAGE 67 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  41
Borana Weaves Limited
Details of special resolutions passed in Previous AGM.
Financial Year Particulars of Special Resolution Passed
2024-25 No Special Resolution passed in previous Annual General Meeting.
Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held during the FY 2024-25:
Details of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held during the financial year 2024-25.
In the Date of Time and Details of Special Resolutions Passed
Financial Year EGM Venue
2024-25 13.06.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered Not passed any Special Resolution
office of the Company
21.06.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered Not passed any Special Resolution
office of the Company
17.07.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered Not passed any Special Resolution
office of the Company
20.07.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered Conversion of Private Limited Company into Public Limited Company
office of the Company
25.09.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered Not passed any Special Resolution
office of the Company
28.09.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered To appointment and change of designation from director to
office of the Company managing director of Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana
10.10.2024 11:00 A.M. at Registered 1. To adopt new set of Article of Association of the Company
office of the Company 2. To authorized the issue and to undertake an initial public offer
of the equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each of the
Company (“Equity Shares”) comprising a fresh issuance of Equity
Shares by the Company (“Issue”), and to list the Equity Shares
on one or more of the recognised stock exchanges in India. The
Company intends to undertake the Issue and list its Equity Shares
at an opportune time, in consultation with the book running
lead manager appointed for the Issue(“BRLM”)
3. To increase the borrowing limit of the Company as mentioned
under section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013
4. To increase the increase in investment limits for Non-Resident
Indians and overseas Citizens of India
5. To increase the limit of to provide Intercorporate Loan and
Advances limit upto Rs. 300 Crores (Rupees Three Crores) under
Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013
6. To increase the limit of to provide Intercorporate Loan and
Advances limit upto Rs. 300 Crores (Rupees Three Crores) under
Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
01.03.2025 11:00 A.M. at Registered To consider and Approve materiality policy
office of the Company
DISCLOSURES
(a) Disclosure on materially significant related party transactions.
The details of related party transactions as per Indian Accounting Standard – 24 are included in the notes to the accounts.
(b) Details of non-compliance about capital market.
During the Financial year Company has complied with all the law and act as applicable.
(c) Disclosure of accounting treatment
There is no deviation in following the treatments prescribed in any Accounting Standard in preparation of financial
statements for the year 2024-25. However pursuant to the adoption of IND-AS the books of accounts have been restated.
===== PAGE 68 =====
 
42  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
(d) Board disclosures – Risk Management
The Board members of the Company are regularly appraised about the risk assessment and minimization procedures
adopted by the Company. The Audit Committee of the Board is also regularly informed about the business risks and the
steps taken to mitigate the same. The implementation of the risk assessment and minimization procedures is an ongoing
process, and the Board members are periodically informed of the status.
(e) Familiarization Program of Independent Directors:
The Board familiarization program comprises of the following: -
•  Induction program for new Independent Directors.
• Presentation on business and functional issues
• Updating of business, branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor relations matters.
All new Independent Directors are taken through a detailed induction and familiarization program when they join the
Board of your Company. The induction program is an exhaustive one that covers the history and culture of your Company,
background of the Company and its growth over the decades, various milestones in the Company’s existence since its
incorporation, the present structure and an overview of the businesses and functions.
Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and responsibilities in the Company as well as with the
nature of industry and business model of the Company by providing various presentations at Board/Committee meetings
from time to time. These presentations provide a good understanding of the business to the Independent Directors, which
covers various functions of the Company and also an opportunity for the Board to interact with the next level of
management. There are opportunities for Independent Directors to interact amongst themselves.
Apart from the above, the Directors are also given an update on the environmental and social impact of the business,
branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor relations matters.
The details of the Familiarization programs can be accessed on the web link: https://boranagroup.in/policies
Details of compliance with mandatory r equirements and adoption of non-mandatory requirements of SEBI Listing Regulations
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements as mandated under SEBI Listing Regulation.
Whistle Blower Policy
The Company promotes ethical behavior in all its business activities and has put in place a mechanism for reporting illegal or
unethical behavior . The Company has a Vigil mechanism and Whistle blower policy under which the employees are
free to report violations of applicable laws and regulations and the Code of Conduct. Employees may also report to
the Chairman of the Audit Committee. During the year under review, no employee was denied access to the Audit Committee.
The whistle blower policy of the Company has been uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at
www.osiahypermart.com/investor-relations.html.
Policy on “Material” Subsidiary
The Company has a Board approved policy on determining Material Subsidiary which can be accessed at https://boranagroup.in/
policies.
Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities
Company takes appropriate measures to mitigate all types of risk.
Certification from Company Secretary in practice:
Mr. Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal, Practicing Company Secretary, has issued a certificate required under the Listing Regulations,
confirming that none of the directors on Board of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or
continuing as director of the Company by the SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The certificat e
is enclosed with this report.
Policy on Related Party Transactions:
The Company has Board approved policy on determining Related Party Transactions which can be accessed https://boranagroup.in/
policies.
• The Board had accepted all recommendations of various Committees of the Board, which were mandatorily required to
be taken during the period under review.
Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiarie s, on a consolidated  basis, to the statutory auditors and a ll
entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:
The details of total fees for all services paid by the Compan y, on a consolidated basis to the Statutory Auditors and all the e ntities
in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part, for the financial year 2024-25 are as follows:
===== PAGE 69 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  43
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr. No. Name of Statutory Auditors Nature of Services Fees Paid
1 KSA & Co. Audit Fees Rs. 1,25,000/-
Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Hara ssment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohi bition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Status of complaints as on March 31, 2025:
Sr. No. Particulars Number of complaints
1 Number of complaints filed during the financial year 0
2 Number of complaints disposed of during the financial year 0
3 Number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year 0
List of core skills / expertise /competencies identified in the context of the business
The Board continues to identify an appropriate mix of diversity and skills for introducing different perspectives into the Boar d for
better anticipating the risks and opportunities in building a long-term sustainable business.
The below table summarizes the key qualifications, skills and attributes which are taken into consideration while nominating to
serve on the Board.
Business Strategies Experience of crafting Successful Business Strategies an understanding the changing regulatory
requirements
Financial & Accounting Pr oficiency in financial accounting and reporting , corporate finance and internal controls,
Expertise corporate funding and associated risks
Governance, Risk and Knowledge and experience of best practices in governance structures, policies and processes
Compliance including est ablishing risk and legal compliance frameworks, identifying and monitoring key
risks.
Innovative A strong understanding of innovation and technology, and the development and implementation
of initiatives to enhance production
Diversity Representation of gender, cultural or other such diversity that expand the Board’s understanding
and perspective
The below table specifies area of focus or expertise of individual Board Member:
Directors Area of Skill/Expertise
Business Finance & G overnance, Innovative Diver sity
Strategies Accounting Risk &
Expertise Compliance
Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Managing Director 33 - 33
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director 33 3 - 3
Ankur Mangilal Borana, Director  - 33 - 3
Kanav Shyamsunder Arora, Independent Director  - 33 --
Arvind Kumar Rathi, Independent Director  33 3 3 -
Nitika Abhishek Soni, Independent Director  33 3  - 3
Independent Directors confirmation by the Board
All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Regulation 16(1)(b)
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
In the opinion of the Board, the independent directors fulfill the conditions of independence specified 149(6) of the
CompaniesAct,2013 and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and they are also Independent of the Management.
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
a. All Half-year / Annual financial results are immediately sent to stock exchanges after being taken on record by the Board.
b. The Company’s website www.boranagroup.in contains a separate dedicated section named “Investors” where information
for shareholders is available.
===== PAGE 70 =====
 
44  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
a. Annual General Meeting (Proposed) : 05th Annual General Meeting
Day and Date : Wednesday, September 10, 2025
Venue : through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means Plot No Aa/ 34,
B 16 /16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Susml, Sachin, Surat – 394230, Gujarat, India.
b. Financial Year (2024-25)
For accounting and financial reporting purpose, Company follows Financial Year which starts from 1st April each year and
ends on 31st March of every succeeding year .
c. Board Meetings approval of Results
The Audited Financial Results for the financial year 2024-25 will be taken on record by the Board of Directors at their
Board Meeting held as on June 10, 2025.
d. Listing on Stock exchange
The Company has listed its Equity Share Capital on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) on May
27, 2025.
e. Stock Code
ISIN for Equity Shares held in Demat form with NSDL and CDSL: INE16SF01016
Scrip Code: BORANA
f. Market Price Data
As the Equity Shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchange on May 27, 2025, and the listing occurred after
the end of the financial year 2024–25, the Equity Shares were not listed during FY 2024–25.
Accordingly, no market price data is available for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
g. Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
M/s. Kfin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B Plot No 31-32, Gachibowli Financial District Nanakramguda, Hyderabad Telangana 500032.
Tel. No.: 040-79611000
Email: Shrinivas.sudheer@kfintech.com
Website: www. kfintech.com
h. Share Transfer System
The Shares of Company are compulsorily traded in dematerialized form. Shares received in Physical Form are transferred
within a period of 15 days from the date of lodgment subject to documents being valid and complete in all respects. The
request for dematerialization of Shares is also processed by the R&T agent within the stipulated period and uploaded with
the concerned Depositories. In terms of SEBI Listing Regulation, Company Secretary in Practice examines the records and
processes of Share transfers and issues yearly Certificate which is sent to the Stock Exchanges.
i. Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March 2025:
Sr. No. Category of Shareholders. No. of Shares held % of total Shares
1. Promoters, Directors, Relatives and Associates. 17,382,795 87.19
2 Indian Public 2,554,500 12.82
3 Banks, Financial Institutions & Insurance  Companies/Mutual Funds - -
4 NRI’s / Overseas Body Corporate - -
5 FPI --
6 Bodies Corporate - -
7 NBFC Registered with RBI
8 Trusts --
9 Clearing Members/House - -
10 Resident Indian Huf - -
11 FIRM --
T otal 19,937,295 100.00
===== PAGE 71 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  45
Borana Weaves Limited
j. Dematerialization of Shares & Liquidity
On March 31st, 2025, no shares of Company were held in physical form. The Promoters & Promoters-group shareholding
was also fully dematerialized. The aggregate dematerialized shareholding of the Company stood at 100%. Brief position
of Company’s dematerialized shares is given below:
Sr. No. Descrip tion Shares % holding
1 NSDL 7,42,000 3.72
2 CDSL 1,91,95,295 96.28
3 PHYSICAL 0 0
Total 1,99,37,295 100
k. Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any Convertible instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity
As on 31st March 2025, the Company did not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/ Warrants or any Convertible instruments.
l. Credit Rating
The Company has been rated by India Ratings and Research private limited (“IRRPL”) vide its letter dated 11th February
2025 for its bank faci lities as follows:
Instruments Ra ting
Fund-based working capital limits BWR BBB/STABLE
Fund-based working capital limits BWR BBB/STABLE
Non-fund-based working capital limits NA
m. Policy on “Material” Subsidiary
The Company has Board approved policy on determining Material Subsidiary which can be accessed on the website of
the Company www.boranagroup.in
n. Dividend:
In view of the planned business growth, your directors deem it proper to preserve the resources of the Company for its
activities and therefore, do not propose any dividend for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025.
o. Address for Correspondence
In case any problem or query shareholders can contact at:
SEEMA LUNIA
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
PLOT NO AA/ 34, B 16/ 16, HOJIWALA IND. ESTATE, SUSML, SACHIN, SURAT, SURAT, GUJARAT, INDIA, 394230.
Phone: 99250 44300 z Email: info@boranagroup.in
In case of finance and accounts related queries contact at:
RAJKUMAR MANGILAL BORANA
Chief financial Officer
PLOT NO AA/ 34, B 16/ 16, HOJIWALA IND. ESTATE, SUSML, SACHIN, SURAT, SURAT, GUJARAT, INDIA, 394230.
Phone: 99250 44300 z Email: info@boranagroup.in
Shareholders may also contact Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agent at:
M/s. Kfin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B Plot No 31-32, Gachibowli Financial District Nanakramguda Hyderabad Telangana 500032.
Tel. No.: 040-79611000 z Email: Shrinivas.sudheer@kfintech.com z Website: www. kfintech.com
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 72 =====
 
46  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
ENERGY CONSERVATION MEASURES, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND R&D EFFORTS
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
{Pursuant to Rule 8 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014}
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
The Company continues to give high priority to conservation of energy. The following measures were taken during the year
to reduce energy consumption
• Identification and monitoring of operation of High energy consuming load centre and also specific loads like
Compressors, & Diesel Generators etc., daily monitoring of consumption of ‘A’ class loads.
• Optimization of process flow to minimize energy consumption during production cycles.
• Utilization of natural daylight and improved ventilation in work areas to reduce dependency on artificial lighting.
• Monitoring of utilization of energy in lighting and other auxiliary equipment.
• Creating awareness among employees about the necessity of energy conservation by celebrating energy conservation
week.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND R&D EFFORTS:
The Company has continued its efforts in the area of technology absorption and innovation to enhance quality, productivity,
and customer satisfaction.
1. Efforts made in technology absorption:
• Adoption of advanced computerized systems for yarn and fabric quality monitoring.
• Collaboration with textile research institutions for adopting innovative production techniques.
• Efforts towards technology absorption included continued efforts for process improvements and improved
formulation types/strengths to improve the efficacy, productivity and profitability of the company.
2. Benefits derived:
• Enhanced product quality and uniformity.
• Reduction in fabric rejection and rework rates.
• Capability to manufacture a wider variety of textile products as per international standards.
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING AND OUTGO:
Sr. No. Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
1. Foreign exchange earnings NIL NIL
2. Foreign exchange Outgo NIL NIL
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director/ CFO
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 73 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  47
Borana Weaves Limited
MD/ CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION
As required under Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, the CEO and the CFO certification of the Financial
Statements, the Cash Flow Statement and the Internal Control Systems for financial reporting for the financial year ended was
placed before the Board.
Compliance with Corporate Governance requirements as specified in regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation
(2) of regulation 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Your Company has complied with all the corporate governance requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to
(i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, wherever applicable to your Company.
7.  MD/ CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION
As required under Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, the CEO and the CFO certification of the
Financial Statements, the Cash Flow Statement and the Internal Control Systems for financial reporting for the financial
year ended was placed before the Board.
8. Compliance with Corporate Governance requirements as specified in regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of
sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Your Company has complied with all the corporate governance requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses
(b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, wherever applicable to your Company.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director
DIN: 08968291 DIN: 09509907
Code of Conduct Declaration
In terms of Regulation 26(3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and based on the affirmations provided by the Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company to whom Code
of Conduct is made applicable, it is declared that the Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have complied
with the Code of Conduct for the year ended 31st March, 2025.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director
DIN: 08968291 DIN: 09509907
===== PAGE 74 =====
 
48  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Certificate on Non–Disqualification of Directors
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause 10(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure R equirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
Plot No. AA/ 34, B-16 / 16, Hojiwala Industrial Estate,
SUSML, Sachin, Surat,
Gujarat, India – 394230
We have examined the relevant register, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of BORANA WEAVES
LIMITED having CIN: U17299GJ2020PLC117745 and having Registered Office at Plot No. AA/ 34, B-16 / 16, Hojiwala Industrial Estate,
SUSML, Sachin, Surat, Gujarat, India – 394230 (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”), for the purpose of issuing this certificate
in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Clause 10(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number
(DIN) status on the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanation furnished to us by the Company & its officers,
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ended 31st
March, 2025, have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Director of the companies by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
Sr. No. Name of the Director DIN Original Date of Appointment
in the Company
1 Mangilal Ambalal Borana, Managing Director 01091167 14 June, 2021
2 Rajkumar Mangilal Borana, Director 01091166 17 November, 2022
3 Ankur Mangilal Borana, Director 01091164 17 November, 2022
4 Kanav Shyamsunder Arora, Independent Director 00933401 17 July, 2024
5 Arvind Narayan Rathi, Independent Director 07842066 17 July, 2024
6 Nitika Shrikant Soni, Independent Director 10708045 17 July, 2024
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance
as to the future viability of the Company nor of all efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the
affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal
Practicing Company Secretary
ACS: 54651
COP: 20283
Dated : 04th August, 2025
Place : Surat
UDIN: A054651G000955661
Peer Review Number: 1677 / 2022
===== PAGE 75 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  49
Borana Weaves Limited
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Certification
We hereby certify that:
(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended 31st March 2024 and
to the best of our knowledge and belief:
i. these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements
that might be misleading.
ii. these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which
are fraudulent or illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have
evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have
disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any,
of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:
i. significant changes in internal control during the year;
ii. Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to
the financial statements; and
iii. Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the Management
or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
This certificate is being given to the Board pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.
Date :  04th August, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors
Place : Surat For, BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
SD/- SD/-
Mr. Mangilal Ambalal Borana Mr. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Managing Director Director
DIN: 01091167 DIN: 01091166
===== PAGE 76 =====
 
50  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Certificate on Corporate Governance
To,
The Members of
BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by BORANA WEAVES LIMITED (‘the Company’) for the
financial year ended 31st March, 2025, as stipulated in Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligatio ns
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examinations have been
limited to the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions
of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Regulations. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial
statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and the representations made
by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance
as stipulated in Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as  to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
Jitendrakumar Rewashankar Rawal
Practicing Company Secretary
ACS: 54651
COP: 20283
Dated : 04th August, 2025
Place : Surat
UDIN: A054651G000955694
Peer Review Number: 1677 / 2022
===== PAGE 77 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  51
Borana Weaves Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of
Borana Weaves Limited
Report on the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Borana Weaves Limited (“the Company") which comprises the Balance Sheet as at
March 31st, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss and the Cash Flow Statement for the financial year ended thereon and notes
to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid financial statem ent
illustrate the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 as amended (“the act”) in the manner so required and give a true
and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as
at March 31st, 2025, its profit and its cash flows for the financial year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies
Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the "Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements" section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that a re
relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfill ed
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these r equirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit
evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Information other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises Board’s Report
including Annexures to Board’s Report but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other in formation and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
Management’s Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Board of Directors of the Company are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the
Act”) with respect to the preparation of these financial statements that gives a true and fair view of the net profit of the fi nancial
position, financial performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the applicable accounting standards prescribed
under Section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in
India. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Ac t
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and
application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Statement that give a true and
fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue a s
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to d o
so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whe ther the financial statements as a whole is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that include s our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of a ssurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a materia l
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of theses financia l
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
===== PAGE 78 =====
 
52  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether
the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going
concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Re gulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ("the Order"), issued by the Central Government of India
in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified
in in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief
were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears
from our examination of those books;
c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are
in agreement with the books of account;
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under section
133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, as amended;
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31st, 2025 taken on record
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31st, 2025 from being appointed as
a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company with
reference to these financial statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate
Report in "Annexure B" to this report;
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us:
1) The Company does not have major pending litigations which would impact its financial position.
2) The Company does not have long-term contracts including derivative contracts, for which there are material
foreseeable losses.
3) There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Company.
4) (a) The management has represented that to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either
===== PAGE 79 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  53
Borana Weaves Limited
from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the company to
or in any other person(s) or entity(ies),including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether,
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the
like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the company from any
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
Whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
(c) Based on audit procedures which we considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to their notice that has caused them to believe that the representations under
sub-clause (i) and (ii) contain any material misstatement.
5) The company has not declared or paid any dividend during the year and hence compliance under section 123 of
the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable.
6) Proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 for maintaining books of account using accounting
software which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility is applicable to the Company with effect from
April 1, 2023, and The Company has used such accounting software for maintaining its books of account which
has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the period of
six months for all transactions recorded in the software and the audit trail feature has not been tampered with
and the audit trail has been preserved by the company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
For KSA & Co.
Firm reg. no. : 0003822C
Chartered Accountants
Sd/-
Arun Kanodiya
Membership No. : 077131
UDIN: 25077131BMGYIO1962
Place : Surat
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 80 =====
 
54  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Annexure “A” referred to in clause 1 of paragraph on the report on other legal and
regulatory requirements of our report of even date
Re: Borana Weaves Limited
i. a) 1) The company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and
location of Property, Plant and Equipment.
2) The Company does not own intangible Asset.
b) The major Property, Plant and Equipment of the company have been physically verified by the management at
reasonable intervals during the financial year and no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
c) Based on the examination of the registered sale deed/ transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report
that, the title deeds, of all the immovable properties disclosed in financial statements included in Property, Plant
and Equipment and Investment Property are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date except
for Factory Building given below.:
Description No. of Area Gr oss block as on Net Block as on Remarks
cases 31st March 2025 31st March 2025
(In Rs.) (In Rs.)
Factory 9,15,31,324.71 7,72,16,267.71 The building shown in Balance
Building Sheet is  Factory Building
constructed by company on
land which belongs to
Director’s and their relative and
rent has been charged on
same. Hence there is no
separate title deed of Factory
building so constructed.
d) The company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible
assets during the financial year.
e) According to the information and explanations given to us by the management, no proceedings have been initiated
or are pending against the company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition)
Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) (as amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
ii. a) According to the information and explanations given to us, physical verification of inventory has been conducted
at reasonable intervals by management and coverage and procedure of such verification by management is
appropriate in our opinion, No material discrepancies were noticed in the aggregate for each class of inventory
during the financial year.
b) The company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks
or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. Quarterly returns or statements filed by the
company with such banks or financial institutions are generally in agreement with the books of account of the
Company.
iii. a) According to the information and explanations given to us the company has not provided any guarantee or security
or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited
Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the reporting in Clause (iii) (a), (c) to (f) of the Order are
not applicable.
b) In our opinion, the investments made are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the company’s interest.
iv. According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has complied with provisions of section 185 and
186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans, investments, guarantee and security as applicable.
v. The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under this
clause of CARO is not applicable.
vi. According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has maintained cost records under sub-section
(1) of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013.
===== PAGE 81 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  55
Borana Weaves Limited
vii. a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the company, amount deducted/accrued in books of accounts in respect of undisputed statutory dues including
provident funds, employee’s state insurance, income tax, sales tax value added tax, duty of customs duty of excise,
Goods and Service tax, cess and other material statutory dues have been generally regularly deposited during the
period of six months by the Company with the appropriate authorities.
b)  According to the information and explanations given to us no undisputed amounts in respect of provident funds,
employee’s state insurance, income tax, sales tax value added tax, duty of customs duty of excise, goods and
service tax, cess were arrears, as at 31st March, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they
became payable.
viii. According to the information and explanation given to us, no transactions which were not recorded earlier in the books
of account have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the financial year in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961);
ix. a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not defaulted in
repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender during the financial
year;
b) According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our audit procedures, we report that
the Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any
government authority;
c) According to the information and explanation given to us, term loans were applied for the purpose for which the
loans were obtained;
d) According to the information and explanation given to us & overall examination of balance sheet of Company
funds raised on short term basis have not been utilized for long term purposes;
e) According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not taken any funds from any entity
or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures;
f) According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not raised loans during the financial
year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies. Hence, reporting
under this clause of CARO is not applicable.
x. a) According to the information and explanations given to us by the management, the Company has not raised any
money by way of initial public offer/ further public offer/debt instruments during the financial year. Hence,
reporting under this clause of CARO is not applicable.
b) According to the information and explanations given to us by the management, the company has not made any
preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and
hence reporting under clause 3 (x) (b) of the Order is not applicable.
xi. a) To the best of our knowledge and according to the information and explanation given to us, no fraud by the
company or on the company has been noticed or reported during the period covered by our audit.
b) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, no report under sub- section (12)
of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government and hence, no reporting is required
under this clause.
c) According to the information and explanation given to us, no whistle-blower complaints were received during the
financial year by the company. Hence reporting under this clause is not applicable to company.
xii. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company is not a Nidhi company.
Accordingly, paragraph 3 (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii. In our opinion, the company is in compliance with section 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 with respect to applicable
transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions has been disclosed in the standalone
financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv. a) In our opinion and according to information & explanation given to us & based on our examination, there are
adequate internal control procedures commensurate with the size of the company & nature of its business.
b) The company has not appointed Internal auditors. Hence, reporting is not applicable.
xv. According to the information and explanations given to us, in our opinion during the financial year the company has not
entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with its directors and hence provisions of
section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the company.
===== PAGE 82 =====
 
56  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
xvi. a) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act,
1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3 (xvi) (a) and (b) of the Order is not Applicable.
b) The company is not a Core Investment Company (“CIC”) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank
of India, accordingly the provisions of clause 3(xvi) (c) of the Order are not applicable.
c) Based on the information and explanations provided by the management, the Company does not have any CICs,
which are part of the company. Accordingly, provisions of clause 3 (xvi) of the Order are not applicable.
xvii. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted we are of
opinion that the company has not incurred any cash losses in the financial year and the immediately preceding financial
years;
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the financial year and accordingly, no reporting is requir ed.
xix. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that company is incapable of meeting its liabilities existing
at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of six months from the balance sheet date. We,
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. We further state that our reporting
is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all
liabilities falling due within a period of six months from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as
and when they fall due.
xx. (a) & (b) According to the information and explanations given to us, the provisions of section 135 of the Act are applicable
to the Company. The Company has made the required contributions during the financial year and there are no unspent
amounts which are required to be transferred to the special account as on the date of our audit report.
xxi. The reporting under clause (xxi) is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial statements of the Company.
Accordingly, no comment has been included in respect of said clause under this report.
For KSA & Co.
Firm reg. no. : 0003822C
Chartered Accountants
Sd/-
Arun Kanodiya
Membership No. : 077131
UDIN: 25077131BMGYIO1962
Place : Surat
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 83 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  57
Borana Weaves Limited
Annexure B to the Independent auditor's report of even date on the financial statements of Borana
Weaves Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
('the Act)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Borana Weaves Limited (the Company') as on
March 31st, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on that
date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company's Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the ‘Guidance Note') issued by th e
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the de sign, implementation and maintenance o f
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its busi ness,
including adherence to the Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and error s,
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required
under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting with referenc e to
these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards
on Auditing as specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
financial controls and, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls
over financial reporting with reference to these financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system
over financial reporting with reference to these financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal
financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting,
with reference to these financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating th e
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error .
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on t he
Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting with reference in these financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial R eporting with reference to these Financial Statements
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these financial statements is a process desig ned
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the r eliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statement s
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over
financial reporting with reference to these financial statements includes those policies and procedures that:
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposi tions
of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of
the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting with reference to these Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, with reference to these financial statements,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or frau d
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting with
reference to these financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over fina ncial
reporting with reference to these financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
===== PAGE 84 =====
 
58  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial report ing
with reference to these financial statements and such internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to th ese
financial statements were operating effectively as at March 31st, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting
criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued
by the ICAI.
For KSA & Co.
Firm reg. no. : 0003822C
Chartered Accountants
Sd/-
Arun Kanodiya
Membership No. : 077131
UDIN: 25077131BMGYIO1962
Place : Surat
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 85 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  59
Borana Weaves Limited
Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025 (J in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
I. ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Tangible Assets 4(a)
(i) Property, plant and equipment 6632.26 7279.19
(ii)  Right of use assets 134.22 156.30
(b) Capital work-in-progress 4(b) 3.81 0.00
(c) Financial assets
(i) Investments 5 45.30 45.30
(ii) Other financial assets 6 932.97 931.92
(d) Deferred tax assets (net) 7 31.15 7.65
Total Non-Current Assets [A] 7779.73 8420.37
CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 8 2541.64 2376.77
(b) Financial assets
(i) Trade receivables 9 2181.54 1104.34
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 10 4.02 1.17
(c) Other current assets 11 3087.62 1802.74
Total Current Assets [B] 7814.82 5285.02
TOTAL ASSETS [C] = [A+B] 15594.54 13705.39
II. EQUITY & LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity share capital 12 1993.73 3.98
(b) Other equity 13 6761.24 4765.68
Total Equity [A] 8754.97 4769.66
LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 14 3744.27 4805.19
(ii) Lease liabilities 15 117.72 135.35
(b) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 7 0.00 0.00
Total Non-Current Liabilities [B] 3861.99 4940.54
CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 16 2160.32 2104.57
(ii) Lease liabilities 15 32.40 32.40
(iii) Trade payables 17
- total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 92.36 710.66
- total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises
and small enterprises 284.51 620.76
(iv) Other financial liabilities 17 0.00 24.03
(b) Other current liabilities 18 8.25 3.94
(c) Provisions 19 271.07 402.49
(d) Current tax liabilities (net) 20 128.66 96.34
Total Current Liabilities [C] 2977.58 3995.19
Total Liabilities [D] = [B+C] 6839.57 8935.73
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES [E] = [A+D] 1559 4.54 13705.39
Significant Accounting Policies & Notes on Accounts 3 0.00 0.00
As per our attached report of even date
FOR KSA & CO. For Borana Weaves Limited
(Firm Reg No. 003822C) Sd/-
Chartered Accountants Ankur Mangilal Borana
Sd/- Director
[ARUN KANODIYA] DIN - 01091164
Partner Sd/-
M.No.: 077131 Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
UDIN : 25077131BMGYIO1962 Director
Place : Surat DIN - 01091166
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 86 =====
 
60  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Statement of Profit & Loss for the period ended on 31st March, 2025 (J in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
INCOME
Revenue from Operations 21 29031.04 19905.56
Other Income 22 478.66 54.90
Total Income 29509.70 19960.47
EXPENDITURE
Cost of Materials Consumed 23 17803.18 12302.04
Purchase of Stock in Trade 0.00 0.00
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, WIP and Stock-in-Trade 24 (29.35) (54.12)
Employee Benefits Expense 25 1915.45 1790.78
Finance Costs 26 505.04 417.80
Depreciation and Amortization Expense 27 1306.03 915.23
Other Expenses 28 3024.08 1749.56
Total Expenses 24524.42 17121.29
Profit before Exceptional and Extraordinar y Items and Tax 4985.28 2839.17556
Exceptional and Extraordinary Items (73.01) 0.04
Profit before Tax 4912.28 2839.21
Tax Expense:
- Current Tax 905.00 501.01
- Previous Year Tax Adjustment 10.53 0.00
- Deferred Tax charge/(benefit) (23.50) (20.43)
Profit / Loss for the Period from co ntinuing operations (A) 4020.25 2358.63
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
- Remeasurements of defined benefit liability / (asset) (4.07) 0.00
Total Other comprehensive income for the Period (B) (4.07) 0.00
Total comprehensive income for t he period (C = A+B) 4016.18 2358.63
Paid up equity Share (after adjusting the effect of Bonus share in the ratio of 500:1) 199.37 199.37
Earnings per Equity Share(EPS) (In Rs.) :
- Basic 20.14 11.83
- Diluted 20.14 11.83
Significant Accounting Policies & Notes on Accounts 3
As per our attached report of even date
FOR KSA & CO. For Borana Weaves Limited
(Firm Reg No. 003822C) Sd/-
Chartered Accountants Ankur Mangilal Borana
Sd/- Director
[ARUN KANODIYA] DIN - 01091164
Partner Sd/-
M.No.: 077131 Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
UDIN : 25077131BMGYIO1962 Director
Place : Surat DIN - 01091166
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 87 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  61
Borana Weaves Limited
Cash Flow Statement for the period ended on 31st March, 2025 (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities:
Net Profit after Taxation 4020.25 2358.63
Adjustment for non-cash/non-operating expenses (income)
Finance Costs 505.04 417.80
 Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation (15.44) 0.00
 Profit/(Loss) on sale/discard of Propert, Plant and Equipments 73.01 (0.04)
 Depreciation 1306.03 1868.63 915.23 1333.00
 Operating Profit before  Working Capital Changes 5888.88 3691.63
Decrease/(Increase) in Current Assets
Inventories (164.86) (349.06)
Trade and other Receivables (1077.20) (362.90)
Other Current Assets (1284.88) (2526.95) (1088.72) (1800.68)
Increase/(Decrease) in Current Liabilities
Trade Payables (954.54) 689.42
Other Current Liabilities (19 .72) (1.45)
Short-Term Provisions (131.42) (1105.68) 176.58 864.55
Increase/(Decrease) in Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 8.83 (20.43)
Decrease/(Increase) in Other Non-Current Assets  (1.05)  7.78  (489.30)  (509.73)
Cash Generated from Operations - (A) 2264.03 2245.77
B. Cash Flow from investing activities:
Sales of Property, Plant and Equipment 283.31 2.60
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (997.15) (713.84) (4842.45) (4839.85)
Cash Generated from Investing Activities - (B) (713.84) (4839.85)
C. Cash Flow from Financing Activities:
 Increase/(Decrease) in Short-Term Borrowings 55.75 233.66
 Increase/(Decrease) in Long-Term Borrowings (1060.92) 2786.78
 Repayment of Lease Liabilities (17.6 3) (16.07)
 Finance Costs (505.04) (417.80)
ROC Expense Relate to Bonus Issued (19.50) (1547.35) 0.00 2586.57
Cash Generated from Financing Activities - (C) (154 7.35) 2586.57
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 2.85 (7.51)
Cash and Cash equivalents as at (Opening Balance) 1.17 8.67
Cash and Cash equivalents (Closing Balance) 4.02 1.17
Significant Accounting Policies & Notes on Accounts    3 0.00 0.00
As per our attached report of even date
FOR KSA & CO. For Borana Weaves Limited
(Firm Reg No. 003822C) Sd/-
Chartered Accountants Ankur Mangilal Borana
Sd/- Director
[ARUN KANODIYA] DIN - 01091164
Partner Sd/-
M.No.: 077131 Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
UDIN : 25077131BMGYIO1962 Director
Place : Surat DIN - 01091166
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 88 =====
 
62  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST
MARCH, 2024
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
Borana Weaves Limited is a private limited company and incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
The company is engaged in twisting, Sizing & texturizing of Yarn & Weaving of Grey Cloth on Water Jet Looms. The
company is converted into Limited Company w.e.f. 24th September, 2024.
The registered office of the company is located at Plot No. AA/ 34, B-16 /16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, SUSML, Surat, Gujarat -
394230. The Corporate Identification Number (CIN) of the company is U17299GJ2020PLC117745.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION
The Company has applied provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for preparation of the financial statements. The Financial
Statements are prepared and presented under the historical cost convention on accrual basis of accounting, in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India and comply with the mandatory Accounting Standards, unless
stated otherwise, (Issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India). Notified under relevant provision of Company
Act 2013.
All amounts included in the financial statements are reported in lakhs of Indian rupees except share and per share data,
unless otherwise stated. Due to rounding off, the numbers presented throughout the document may not add up precisely
to the totals and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the financial statement in conformity with Indian GAAP requires the management to make judgments,
estimates and assumptions that effect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities at the end of the
reporting period. Although these estimates are based on the management's best knowledge of current events and actions,
uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets or liabilities in future period.
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
3.1 Revenue Recognition & Other Income
• Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the products to customers at a point in time i.e. when the products are
delivered to the carrier in an amount that reflects the considera tion that the company expects to receive in exchange for
those products
• Dividend is recognized at the time of receipt.
• Interest income is accrued on a time proportion basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and effective interest rate
applicable.
• Interest subsidy and Electricity duty are accounted for on the basis of receipts or where there is reasonable assurance that
the Company will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the subsidies will be received or when actually
received by the Company. Subsidies from the Government are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the
periods in which the Company recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the subsidies are intended to compensate.
3.2 Property, Plant, Equipment (PPE) and Intangible Assets:
The Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of Property, Plant and Equipment (‘PPE’) recognized as of
transition date measured as per the Previous GAAP and use that carrying value as its deemed cost of the PPE as on the
transition date.
Property, Plant, Equipment and Intangible Assets (Fixed Assets) are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses if any. The cost comprises purchase price, borrowing cost capitalization if criteria and met and directly
attribute cost of bringing attributable cost of bringing the assets to its working condition for the intended use. Any trade
discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price.
Subsequent expenditure related to an item of fixed assets is added to its book value only if it increased the future benefits
from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard of performance. All other expenses on existing Property,
Plant, Equipment and Intangible Assets, including day to day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing
parts, are charged to statement of profit and loss for the period during which such expenses are incurred.
The Company adjusts exchange difference arising on transaction of long-term foreign currency monetary items pertaining
to the acquisition of a depreciable asset to the cost of the assets and depreciates the same over the remaining life of
project.
===== PAGE 89 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  63
Borana Weaves Limited
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon the disposal or when no future benefits are expected
from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by
comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, and are recognized
net within other income / expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
Property, Plant and Equipment (Fixed Assets) under installation or under construction as at Balance Sheet are shown as
Capital Work in Progress.
3.3 Depreciation
The depreciable amount of an asset is determined after deducting its residual value. Where the residual value of an asset
increases to an amount equal to or greater than the asset’s carrying amount, no depreciation charge is recognized till the
asset’s residual value decreases below the asset’s carrying amount. Depreciation of an asset begins when it is available
for use, i.e., when it is in the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Depreciation of an asset ceases at the earlier of the date that the asset is classified as held for sale in accordance with
IND AS 105 and the date that the asset is derecognized. The estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
Assets Estimated Useful life (in Years)
Factory Building 30
Furniture and Fittings 10
Office Equipment 5
Plant & Machinery 15
Computers (end user device) 6
Motor Vehicles 8
Impairments of non-financial assets:
The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset or cash generating unit
(CGU) may be impaired. Indefinite life intangibles are subject to a review for impairment annually or more frequently if
events or circumstances indicate that it is necessary. If any such indication exists, the Company estimates the recoverable
amount of the asset. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or CGU's fair value less costs of disposal or its
value in use. Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining
the fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are considered. An impairment loss is recognized if the
carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, Impairment losses are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss.
If at the balance sheet date there is an indication that a previously assessed impairment loss no longer exists, an
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.
3.4  Employee Benefits
(i) Short term employee benefits:
All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short-term employee
benefits. Undiscounted value of benefits such as salaries, incentives, allowances and bonus are recognized in the period
in which the employee renders the related service.
(ii) Long term benefits:
Defined Contribution Plans:
The Company contributes to the employee's approved provident fund scheme. The Company’s contribution paid/payable
under the scheme is recognized as an expense in the statement of profit and loss during the period in which the employee
renders the related services.
Defined Benefit Plans:
Gratuity Liability is a defined benefit obligation and is provided on the basis of an actuarial valuation model made at the
end of the Financial Year. Contributions to such fund is charged to Profit & Loss Account. Actuarial Valuation of the
Gratuity is done at the end of the Financial Year and accounted for accordingly.
===== PAGE 90 =====
 
64  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
3.5  Inventories
Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods. Raw material is valued at cost. Finished goods are valued at lower
of cost and net realizable value (NRV).
Cost of raw materials includes cost of purchases and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present
location and condition.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion
and estimated costs necessary to make the sale. However, materials and other items held for use in the production of
inventories are not written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be used are expected to be sold
at or above cost.
3.6  Borrowing Cost
The total borrowing cost on the acquisition of fixed assets, if pertaining to the period up to the date on which the said
fixed assets have been put-to-use, has been capitalized in the respective fixed assets and the cost for the period after the
said fixed assets have been put-to-use has been debited to the Profit and Loss Account.
3.7  Investments
Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date one which
such investments are made, are classified as current inve stments. All other investments are classified as long-term
investments.
On initial recognition, all investments are measured at cost. The cost comprises the purchase price and directly attributable
acquisition charges such as brokerage, fees and duties.
Current investments are carried at the lower of co st and fair value determined on an individual investment basis. Long-
term investments are carried at cost. However, provision for diminution in value is made to recognize a decline other than
temporary in the value of such long-term investments.
On disposal of an investment, the difference between its carrying amount and net disposal proceeds is charged or credited
to the statement of profit and loss.
3.8  Cash Flows and Cash and cash equivalent
Statement of cash flows is prepared in accordance with the indirect method prescribed in the relevant IND AS. For the
purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, cheques and
drafts on hand, deposits held with Banks, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value, and book overdrafts. However, Book over drafts are to be shown within borrowings in current liabilities
in the balance sheet for the purpose of presentation.
3.9 Financial Assets:
A. Fair Value Assessment:
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated
using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company takes into
account the characteristics of asset and liability if market particip ants would take those into consideration. Fair value
for measurement and / or disclosure purposes in these Financial Statements is determined in such basis except for
transactions in the scope of Ind AS - 2, 17 and 36. Normally at initial recognition, the transaction price is the best evidence
of fair value.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
asset in its highest and best use.
The Company uses valuation techniques those are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable
inputs.
All financial assets and financial liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the Financial Statements are
categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement as a whole.
===== PAGE 91 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  65
Borana Weaves Limited
B. Subsequent Measurement:
For purposes of subsequent measurement financial assets are classified in three categories:
• Financial assets measured at amortized cost
• Financial assets at fair value through OCI
• Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
C. Financial assets measured at amortized cost:
Financial assets are measured at amortized cost if the financials asset is held within a business model whose objective
is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset give
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
These financials assets are amortized using the effective inte rest rate (‘EIR’) method, less impairment. Amortized cost is
calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of
the EIR. The EIR amortization is included in finance income in the Statement of Profit And Loss. The losses arising from
impairment are recognized in the Statement of Profit And Loss.
D. Financial assets at fair value through OCI (‘FVTOCI’):
Financial assets are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if the financial asset is held within a
business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets and the
contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal amount outstanding. At initial recognition, an irrevocable election is made (on an instrument-by-
instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments other than held for trading purpose at FVTOCI. Fair value
changes are recognized in the other comprehensive income (‘OCI’). However, the Company recognizes interest income,
impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the Statement of Profit And Loss. On de-recognition
of the financial asset other than equity instruments designated as FVTOCI, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized
in OCI is reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
E. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (‘FVTPL’):
Any financial asset that does not meet the criteria for classification as  at amortized cost or as financial assets at fair valu e
through other comprehensive income is classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Further, financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss also include financial assets held for trading and financial assets designated upon
initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acqui red
for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are fair
valued at each reporting date with all the changes recognized in the Statement of Profit And Loss.
F. De-recognition:
The Company derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control
the financial asset, the Company recognizes its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may
have to pay.
G. Impairment of Financial Assets:
The Company assesses impairment based on expected credit loss (‘ECL’) model on the following:
• Financial assets that are measured at amortized cost; and
• Financial assets measured at FVTOCI
ECL is measured through a loss allowance on a following basis:
• The 12 month expected credit losses (expected credit losses that result from those default events on the financial
instruments that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date)
• Full life time expected credit losses (expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the life
of financial instruments)
3.10 F inancial Liabilities:
The Company’s financial liabilities include trade payable.
A. Initial recognition and measurement:
All financial liabilities at initial recognition are classified as financial liabilities at amortized cost or financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss, as appropriate. All financial liabilities classified at amortized cost are recognized
initially at fair value net of directly attributable transact ion costs. Any difference between the proceeds (net of
transaction costs) and the fair value at initial recognition is recognized in the Statement of Profit And Loss.
===== PAGE 92 =====
 
66  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
B. Subsequent measurement:
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends upon the classification as described below:-
• Financial Liabilities classified as Amortized Cost:
Financial Liabilities that are not held for trading and are not designated as at FVTPL are measured at
amortized cost at the end of subsequent accounting periods. Amortized cost is calculated by taking into
account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR.
Interest expense that is not capitalized as part of costs of assets is included as Finance costs in the Statement
of Profit And Loss.
• Financial Liabilities classified as Fair value through profit And loss (FVTPL):
Financial liabilities classified as FVTPL includes financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition as FVTPL. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are
incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the ne ar term. Financial liabilitie s designated upon initial
recognition at FVTPL only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 is satisfied.
Exports benefits are accounted for in the year of exports based on the eligibility and when there is certainty
of receiving the same.
C. De-recognition:
A financial liability is de-recognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged / cancelled / expired.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the
de recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective
carrying amounts is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
D. Offsetting of financial instruments:
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is
a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
basis, to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
Other incomes, other than interest and dividend are recognized when the same are due to be received and right
to receive such other income is established.
3.11 For eign Currency Transactions
a. Initial Recognition
On initial recognition, transactions in foreign currencies are recorded in the functional currency (i.e., Indian Rupee), by
applying to the foreign currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency
at the date of the transaction.
b. Measurement of foreign currency items at reporting date
Foreign currency monetary items are translated at the closing exchange rates. Non-monetary items that are measured at
historical cost in a foreign currency, are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary
items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency, are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the
fair value is measured.
c. Recognition of exchange difference
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from
those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous financial statements is recognized
in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
3.12. Taxation
i) Current Tax is determined as the amount of tax payable u/s 115 BAB in respect of Book Profit of the financial year.
ii) Deferred tax on account of timing differences, being the difference between taxable income and accounting income that
originate in one period and are capable of reversal in one or more subsequent periods, is provided using the tax rates
and tax laws enacted or substantially enacted by the Balance sheet date.
3.13. Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets:
Provisions are recognized when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is
probable (i.e. more likely than not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle
the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Such provisions are determined based
on management estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. When the Company
expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognized as a standalone asset only when
the reimbursement is virtually certain.
===== PAGE 93 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  67
Borana Weaves Limited
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects,
the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the pa ssage of time is
recognized as a finance costs.
Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognized and measured as provisions. An onerous contract is
considered to exist when a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations exceed the economic
benefits expected to be received from it.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed on the basis of judgment of management/independent experts. These are reviewed at
each balance sheet date and are adjusted to reflect the current management estimate.
Contingent Assets are not recognized, however, disclosed in financial statement when in flow of economic benefits is
probable.
3.14 Leases:
At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company
assesses whether:
• the contract involves the use of an identified asset - this may be specified explicitly or implicitly and should be
physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a
substantive substitution right, then the asset is not identified.
• the Company has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout
the period of use; and
• the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company has this right when it has the decision-
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases where
the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Company has the right to
direct the use of the asset if either:
# the Company has the right to operate the asset; or
# the Company designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used.
At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company allocates the
consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
Company as a lessee:
The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-
use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any
lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate
of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
is located, less any lease incentives received.
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date
to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated
useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment. In
addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
measurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
determined, the Company's incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Company uses its incremental borrowing
rates as the discount rate.
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:
- fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments.
- Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as
at the commencement date.
- Amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
- the exercise price under a purchase option that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, lease
payments in an optional renewal period if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Company is reasonably certain not to
terminate early.
===== PAGE 94 =====
 
68  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is re-measured when there
is change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is change in the Company's
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Company changes its
assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
When the lease liability is re-measured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
of the right-of-use asset or is recorded in statement of profit and loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use
asset has been reduced to zero.
Leasehold land is amortized over the period of lease being remaining as on the date of purchase is stated as below:
1) Plot no. AA/ 34 of Sachin Udhyognagar Sahakari Sangh Limited: - 9 Years
2) Plot no. B 16 /16 of Sachin Udhyognagar Sahakari Sangh Limited: - 9 Years
3) Plot no. AA/93 of Sachin Udhyognagar Sahakari Mandali Limited: - 10 Years
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets:
The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liability for the short-term leases that have
lease term of 12 months of less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognizes the lease payments
associated with such leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
3.15 Income Taxes:
Income tax expense represents the sum of tax currently payable and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the Statement of
Profit and Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive
income.
Current Tax:
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustment
to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax reflects the best estimate of the
tax amount expected to be paid or received after considering the uncertainty, if any, related to income taxes. Current tax
assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected  to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The
tax rates and the a tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the
reporting date in the country where the Company operates and generates taxable income. Current tax assets and liabilities
are offset only if there is a legally enforceable right to set it off the recognized amounts and it is intended to realize the
asset and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Deferred Tax:
Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet method on temporary differences between the tax base of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:
- When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
taxable profit or loss,
- Taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
- Temporary differences related to investments in subsidiar ies, associates, and joint arrangements to the extent that
the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and
any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognized  to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax
losses (including unabsorbed depreciation) can be utilized, except:
- When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at  each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allo w all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets are re-assessed at e ach reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it has
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the ta x rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is
realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at
the reporting date.
===== PAGE 95 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  69
Borana Weaves Limited
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset  if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax
assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxe s relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation
authority.
Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are
recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.
3.16 Current versus Non-Current classification:
The Company presents assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet based on current/non-current classification.
a)  An asset is current when it is:
· Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating cycle,
· Held primarily for the purpose of trading,
· Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period, or
· Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least
twelve months after the reporting period.
All other assets are classified as non-current.
b) A liability is current when:
- It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle,
· It is held primarily for the purpose of trading,
· It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or
· There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the
reporting period.
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
c) Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.
d)  The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and
cash equivalents.
3.17 Government Grants and Subsidies
Government grants are initially measured at amount receivable from the Government and are recognized on an accrual
basis only if there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and the company will comply with the conditions
associated with the grant and for those grants which are uncertain are not recognized unless there is reasonable assurance
of the same.
- In case of capital grants, they are deducted from the cost of the Fixed Assets against which the same is received
& accordingly depreciation is charged on the reduced value of the asset.
- In case of grants that compensate the Company for expenses incurred are recognized in Statement of Profit and
Loss by decreasing the Expense e.g. Power subsidy to be reduced from Factory Power Expenses.
3.18  Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders
by weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements and
stock split in equity shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares. The weighted average number of equity
shares outstanding during the period and for all periods presented is adjusted for events, such as bonus shares and stock
split, other than the conversion of potential equity shares that have changed the number of equity shares outstanding,
without a corresponding change in resources.
Diluted EPS adjust the figures used in the determination of basic EPS to consider.
(a)  The after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential equity shares,
and
(b)  The weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have been outstanding assuming the
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
3.19 Other Notes
Related Party disclosures:
Related Party disclosure, as required by AS -18, Related Party Transactions “as given below:
===== PAGE 96 =====
 
70  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
1. Relate Party disclosure
Sr.No. Description of relationship Name of the related Party
1. Key Management Personal 1. Mangilal Ambalal Borana
2. Ankur Mangilal Borana
3. Rajkumar Mangilal Borana
Associated concerns
2. Related Party Transactions
Sr.No. Name of Party R elation Nature of Payment Amount (in Rs.)
1 Mangilal Borana Director Factory Shed Rent Exp. 420000.00
2 Mohinidevi Borana Director's Wife Factory Shed Rent Exp. 420000.00
3 Rajkumar Borana Director Factory Shed Rent Exp. 1440000.00
4 Ankur Borana Director Factory Shed Rent Exp. 1200000.00
5 Ankur Mangilal Borana Director’s HUF Factory Shed Rent Exp. 127116.00
HUF
6 Rajkumar Mangilal Director’s HUF Factory Shed Rent Exp. 127116.00
Borana HUF
7 Nareshkumar Ambalal Director Brother's HUF Factory Shed Rent Exp. 127116.00
Borana HUF
8 Rajkumar Borana Director Director's Remuneration 300000.00
9 Ankur Borana Director Director's Remuneration 300000.00
10 Mangilal Borana Director Director's Remuneration 1200000.00
11 Dhwani Borana Director's Wife Salary 1800000.00
12 Ankur Borana Director Car Transaction 13660168.00
13 Sharmila Enterprise Director's Spouse - Sales of Yarn 3575250.00
Proprietorship
14 Arham Weaves Pvt. Ltd. Director's Sister - Sales of Yarn 122467418.16
Substantially Interested
15 Borana Industries LLP Directors are Sales of Yarn 144222702.45
Designated Partner
16 Ricon Textiles Pvt. Ltd. Director is a Director Sales of Beam/Yarn 68236599.30
17 Sachin Paper Mills Director's Brother - Sales of Wastage 7453438.30
Pvt. Ltd. Directorship
18 R & B Denims Limited Directors are a Director Purchase POY 62531007.84
(Wholetime & Managing)
19 RB Industries Director is a Partner Purchase POY 95805758.58
20 Borana Industries LLP Directors are Grey Job Work 44298331.02
Designated Partners
21 Borana Industries LLP Directors are Deposits 30000000.00
Designated Partners
22 Arham Weaves Pvt. Ltd. Director's Sister - Loans & Advances 18500000.00
Substantially Interested
23 Sachin Paper Mills Director's Brother - Loans & Advances 5000000.00
Pvt. Ltd. Directorship
===== PAGE 97 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  71
Borana Weaves Limited
Sr.No. Name of Party R elation Nature of Pa yment Amount (in Rs.)
24 R & B Denims Limited Directors are a Director Loans & Advances 30347671.00
(Wholetime & Managing)
25 R & B Denims Limited Directors are a Director Interest on Loans & 347671.00
(Wholetime & Managing) Advances
26 Hojiwala Infrastructure Director is a Director CEPT Expenses 13536000.00
Limited (CEPT Expense)
27 Vijya Textiles Director's - Proprietorship Repayment of Loan 855709.00
28 Borana Industries LLP Directors are Designated Interest on Loans & 109677.00
Partners Advances
3. Contingent Liabilities:
Particulars 31-03-25 31-03-24
Bank Guarantees Issued for Ricon Textile Private Limited:
HDFC Bank - Cash Credit 10000000 10000000
HDFC Bank - Term Loan 88235500 88235500
Total Amount of Bank Guarantees Issued for 98235500 98235500
Amount Outstanding in Foreign Currency
Raw Material 0 0
Capital Goods 0 55794
Total Amount Outstanding in Foreign Currency 0 55794
General
• Balance of Unsecured Loans, Sundry Creditors, Sundry Debtors and Loans and Advances are subject to
confirmation.
• Disclosure of amount due to the creditors which are required by section 22 of the Micro Small and medium
Enterprise Development Act, 2006. The Company has collected the information from the creditors regarding
their MSME Status during the year . Based on the information available there is no amount due to
vendor cover under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development act, 2006.to Micro & Small
Enterprises.
• Car - Honda Brio, Innova Crysta and Bike – Electric Ola are in the name of directors of the Company.
• The quantity and value of closing stock is certified by the management as true and Correct.
• Managerial remuneration paid/ payable to the Managing Director/ Directors for the period from 1st April
2024 to 31st March 2025 Rs. 18.00 Lacs (Previous Year Rs. 12.00 Lacs)
• Auditor’s remuneration includes:
As Auditor: (including Tax Audit) Rs. 3,00,000/- (Previous Year Rs. 2,00,000)
Other services Rs. 1,65,500/- (Previous Year Rs. 53,000) Note :The above does not
include GST
• Quantitative details in respect of items traded/Manufactured:
Particulars Year ended as on  31st March, 2025
Licensed Capacity 22,68,00,000.00 Mts.
Installed Capacity 18,13,10,400.00 Mts.
Actual Production 20,09,30,332.25 Mts.
===== PAGE 98 =====
 
72  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
• CIF Value of Imports:
Particulars 31-03-2025
US $ Rs.
Raw Materials Nil Nil
Store & Spares Nil Nil
Capital Goods 655,794.10 5,50,32,564.41/-
 Note: Value of imported materials in Indian currency includes Foreign Exchange Fluctuation.
• Ratios:
Ratios Current Year Previous Year Variance
a) Current Ratio* 2.62 1.32 98.40%
b) Debts Equity Ratio** 0.67 1.45 -53.45%
c) Debts Service Coverage Ratio 11.98 9.31 28.77%
d) Return on Equity (ROE) (%) *** 59.39% 65.57% -9.43%
e) Inventory Turnover Ratio**** 7.23 5.56 29.95%
f) Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio***** 17.67 21.57 -18.08%
g) Trade Payable Turnover Ratio 24.05 13.90 72.96%
h) Net Capital Turnover Ratio****** 9.48 20.68 -54.19%
i) Net Profit Margin (%) 13.83% 11.85% 16.75%
j) Return on Capital Employe d(ROCE) (%)******* 42.90% 33.54% 27.91%
k) Return on Investment(ROI) NA NA NA
Explanation for Change in the Ratio by more than 25% as compared to previous Year
*Current Ratio increased due to decreased in current assets during the period/Year
**Debts Equity Ratio decreased due to increased shareholding fund during the period/year
***Return on Equity (ROE) (%) ratio decreased due to Increase in shareholder fund during the period/ year
****Inventory Turnover Ratio decreased due to increase in cost of goods sold during the period/year
*****Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio decreased due to increase in revenue & average trade receivable
during the period/year
******Net Capital Turnover Ratio decreased due to increase in working capital during the period/year
*******Return on Capital Employed(ROCE) (%) increased due to increased share capital during the period/
year
For KSA & Co.
Firm Reg. No. : 0003822C
Chartered Accountants
Sd/-
Arun Kanodiya
Membership No. : 077131
UDIN: 25077131BMGYIO1962
Place : Surat
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 99 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  73
Borana Weaves Limited
Additional Regulatory Information Required by Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013:
1. Details of Benami property held
No proceedings have been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property under the Benami
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder .
2. Borrowing secured against current assets
The company has sanctioned borrowings from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets;
the quarterly returns or statements filed by the company with such banks or financial institutions are generally in
agreement with the books of account of the company.
3. Expenses related to Initial Public Offering (IPO)
IPO expenses are generally accounted for as a deduction from equity (security premium) to the extent they are incremental
costs directly attributable to the equity transaction. These expenses include costs like legal, accounting, and regulatory
fees, printing costs, and stamp duties. However, if the IPO is not probable or no longer probable, the expenses are charged
to the profit and loss account. When an IPO is considered probable, expenses are parked in an advance account. When
shares are issued, the advance amount is debited to equity related to listing expenses whereas Roadshow expenses, which
are generally considered promotional activities, are typically not directly related to the equity issue.
In essence, the IND AS treatment of IPO expenses focuses on ensuring that costs directly attributable to the equity
issuance are properly recognized as deductions from equity, while other costs are expensed as incurred.
4. Willful defaulter
The Company is not declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
5. Relationship with struck off companies
The Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off u/s. 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or u/s. 560
of the Companies Act, 1956.
6. Compliance with number of layers of companies
The company does not have any subsidiary and hence, there is no violation with regard to the number of layers prescribed
u/s. 2(87) of the Act w.r.t. Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
7. Compliance with approved scheme(s) of arrangements
No Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the
Companies Act, 2013.
8. Utilization of Borrowed fund and share Premium:
(A) Company has not advanced or loaned or invested any funds to any person(s) or entity (ies) including foreign
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall -
i. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the company (Ultimate beneficiaries) or
ii. Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(B) Company has not received any funds from any person(s) or entity (ies) including foreign entities (Funding Party)
with the understanding that the company shall -
i. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate beneficiaries) or
ii. Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
9. Undisclosed Income
i. Transaction not recorded in the books of accounts that have been surrendered or disclosed as income in tax
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 – Nil
ii. Previously unrecorded income and related assets which have been properly recorded in the books of accounts
during the period of six months – Nil
10. Details of Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency
i. Profit or loss on transactions in Crypto or Virtual Currency – Nil
ii. Amount of currency held as at the reporting date – Nil
iii. Deposits or advances from any person for the purpose of trading or investing in Crypto or Virtual Currency – Nil
===== PAGE 100 =====
 
74  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
11. Valuation of PP&E, intangible asset and investment property
i. Based on the examination of the registered sale deed/ transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report
that, the title deeds, of all the immovable properties disclosed in financial statements included in Property, Plant
and Equipment and Investment Property are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date except
for Factory Building given below.
Description No. of Area Gr oss block as on Net Block as on Remarks
cases 31st March 2025 31st March 2025
(In Rs.) (In Rs.)
Factory 1 9,15,31,324.71 7,72,16,267.71 The building shown in Balance
Building Sheet is  Factory Building
constructed by company on
land which belongs to
Director’s and their relative and
rent has been charged on
same. Hence there is no
separate title deed of Factory
building so constructed.
ii. The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including right of uses assets) during the current
period of six months or previous year.
iii. The Company has no Intangible assets under development as on 31-03-2025.
12. Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
No charges or satisfaction is pending to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period.
13. Loans to Promoters, directors, KMPs and Related parties
There are no Loans or Advances in the nature of loans are granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties
(as defined under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person.
As per our attached report of even date
For KSA & Co.
Firm Reg. No. : 0003822C
Chartered Accountants
Sd/-
Arun Kanodiya
Membership No. : 077131
UDIN: 25077131BMGYIO1962
Place : Surat
Date : 10-06-2025
===== PAGE 101 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  75
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 4(a):- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
PARTICULARS Cost As At Addition Deduction Cost As At Up to Pr ovided Deduction Up to As At As At
01.04.2024 31.03.2025 31.03.2024 31.03.2025 31.03.2025 31.03.2024
Tangible Assets
Land 26024182.00 19389080.00 0.00 45413262.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 45413262.00 26024182.00
Factory Building 845 13838.71 7017486.00 0.00 91531324.71 6514827.00 7800230.00 0.00 14315057.00 77216267.71 77999011.71
Plant & Machinery 735982756.69 7 1283540.01 29443519.14 777822777.56 132613574.00 116492394.00 7471835.00 241634133.00 536188644.56 603369182.69
Furniture & Fi xtures 3863619.59 946588.56 0.00 4810208.15 785612.00 996438.00 0.00 1782050.00 3028158.15 3078007.59
Computer & Softw are 1700334.15 696948.68 0.00 2397282.83 874383.00 451858.00 0.00 1326241.00 1071041.83 825951.15
Vehicle 204532 08.00 0.00 19748838.00 704370.00 3830633.00 2653937.00 6088670.00 395900.00 308470.00 16622575.00
ROU Assets 19509419.00 0.00 0.00 19509419.00 3878927.00 2208054.00 0.00 6086981.00 13422438.00 15630492.00
Total 892047358.14 99333643.25 49192357.14 942188644.25 14849795 6.00 130602911.00 13560505.00 26554036 2.00 676648282.25 743549402.14
Previous Year 408089722.74 495510968.72 11553333.32 892047358.14 57006099.00 91523163.00 31306.00 148497956.00 7 43549402.14 351083623.74
NOTE 4(b):- CAPITAL WIP:
PARTICULARS Cost As At Addition Deduction Cost As At Up to Pr ovided Deduction Up to As At As At
01.04.2024 31.03.2025 31.03.2024 31.03.2025 31.03.2025 31.03.2024
Tangible Assets
Capital WIP 0.00 381348.00 0.00 381348.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 381348.00 0.00
Total 0.00 381348.00 0.00 381348.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 381348.00 0.00
Previous Year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
===== PAGE 102 =====
 
76  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 5:- INVESTMENTS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Investment in Shares
(Unquoted at cost,Fully Paid up equity Shares)
1. 26300 (26300) Equity Shares of Rs. 100/- each fully 26.30 26.30
paid up of The Sutex Co-operative Bank Ltd.
2 76000 (76000) Equity Shares of Rs. 25 /- each fully 19.00 19.00
paid up to Mehsana Urban Co-operative Bank Ltd
TOTAL 45.30 45.30
NOTE 6:- OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Membership Contribution - Water Jet Loom 652.20 652.20
Security Deposits - Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd 266.19 266.19
Security Deposits - Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd 0.00 0.75
Security Deposits - Reliance Industries Ltd. 12.78 12.78
Security Deposits - CDSL (Deposit) 0.90 0.00
Security Deposits - NSDL (Deposit) 0.90 0.00
TOTAL 932.97 931.92
NOTE 7:- DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Related to Property, Plant and Equipment
Opening Balance 7.65 (12.78)
Add / (Less) : Current Ye ar’s Adjustments 23.50 20.43
TOTAL 31.15 7.65
NOTE 8:- INVENTORIES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Raw Material - Yarn 2377.80 2242.29
Finished Goods - Grey Cloth 158.01 134.48
Store & Spares 5.83 0.00
TOTAL 2541.64 2376.77
NOTE 9:- TRADE RECEIVABLES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Trade Receivables 2181.54 1104.34
TOTAL 2181.54 1104.34
===== PAGE 103 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  77
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 9:- TRADE RECEIVABLES   (Contd...) (J in Lakhs)
Trade Receivables ageing schedule
As at 31st March, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from T otal
due date of payment
Less than 6 months 2-3 years More than
6 months - 1 year 3 years
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered good 2181.54 2181.54
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered doubtful 0.00
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good 0.00
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables - considered doubtful 0.00
T otal 2181.54 0.00 0.00 0.00 2181.54
As at 31st March, 2024:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from T otal
due date of payment
Less than 6 months 2-3 years More than
6 months - 1 year 3 years
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered good 1104.34 1104.34
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables - considered doubtful 0.00
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables - considered good 0.00
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables - considered doubtful 0.00
To ta l 0.00 0.00 1104.34
NOTE 10.:- CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Cash in Hand 4.02 0.68
Kotak Mahindra Bank 0.00 0.32
The Sutex Co Op Bank Ltd 0.00 0.17
TOTAL 4.02 1.17
NOTE 11:- OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Advances Paid To Supplier & Employee 1358.85 31.19
Balances with government authorities 1017.25 986.48
Other Current Assets 711.52 785.08
TOTAL 3087.62 1802.7
NOTE 12:- SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
NO.  AMOUNT  NO.  AMOUNT
Authorised Share Capital
Equity Shares of Rs 10/- each 30000000.00 300000000.00 7000000.00 70000000.00
Issued, Subscribed & Paid up
Equity Shares of Rs 10/- each 19937295.00 199372950.00 39795.00 397950.00
T otal 19937295.00 199372950.00 39795.00 397950.00
* The company has issued bonus shares in the ratio of 500:1 to the existing share holders on 22 June, 2024. As a result bonus
issue, the issued number of shares has been increased to 1,99,37,295 and the authorised number of shares are increased to
3,00,00,000.
===== PAGE 104 =====
 
78  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 12:- SHARE CAPITAL   (Contd...)
Reconciliation of Shares 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
NO.  AMOUNT  NO.  AMOUNT
Shares Outstanding at the beginning of the year 39795.00 397950.00 39795.00 397950.00
Shares Issued during the year-Bonus 19897500.00 198975000.00
Shares Forfeited during the year
Shares Bought back during the year
Shares Outstanding at the end of the year 19937295.00 199372950.00 39795.00 397950.00
Name of Shareholder holding more than 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
No. % of Holding No. % of Holding
Mangilal Ambalal Borana 3747480.00 18.80 7480.00 18.80
Dhwani Ankur Borana 2505000.00 12.56 5000.00 12.56
Borana Filaments Pvt. Ltd. 1447890.00 7.26 2890.00 7.26
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Huf 2282055.00 11.45 4555.00 11.45
Ankur Mangilal Borana Huf 243585.00 1.22 3350.00 8.42
Mangilal Ambalal Borana Huf 2229450.00 11.18 4450.00 11.18
Nareshkumar Ambalal Borana Huf 0.00 0.00 2235.00 5.62
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana 3684855.00 18.48 7355.00 18.48
Ankur Mangilal Borana 1242480.00 6.23 2480.00 6.23
Total 17382795.00 87.19 39795.00 100.00
Shareholding of promoters at the end of current year:- 31-03-2025 No. of shares % of total % Change
Promoter’s Name shares during the year
Mangilal Ambalal Borana 3747480.00 18.80 50000.00
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana 3684855.00 18.48 50000.00
Ankur Mangilal Borana 1242480.00 6.23 50000.00
Dhwani Ankur Borana 2505000.00 12.56 50000.00
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Huf 2282055.00 11.45 50000.00
Mangilal Ambalal Borana Huf 2229450.00 11.18 50000.00
Ankur Mangilal Borana HUF 243585.00 1.22 7171.19
Borana Filaments Pvt. Ltd. 1447890.00 7.26 50000.00
Shareholding of promoters at the end of current year:- 31-03-2024 No. of shares % of total % Change
Promoter’s Name shares during the year
Mangilal Ambalal Borana 7480.00 18.80 0.00
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana 7355.00 18.48 0.00
Ankur Mangilal Borana 2480.00 6.23 0.00
Dhwani Ankur Borana 5000.00 12.56 0.00
Rajkumar Mangilal Borana Huf 4555.00 11.45 0.00
Mangilal Ambalal Borana Huf 4450.00 11.18 0.00
Ankur Mangilal Borana HUF 3350.00 8.42 0.00
Borana Filaments Pvt. Ltd. 2890.00 7.26 0.00
===== PAGE 105 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  79
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 13:- OTHER EQUITY (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Security Premium Account
Opening Balance 597.09 597.09
Add : Securities Premium Credited on Shares Issued 0.00 0.00
Less : Roc fees for increase in authorised share capital 19.50 0.00
Closing Balance 577.59 597.09
Surplus
Opening Balance 4168.59 1822.99
Less: Bonus Share Issued During the Year Out of Accumulated Profit (1989.75) 0.00
Add : Net Profit / Net Loss for the Current Year 4020.25 2358.63
Less : Adjustments as  per Restated Financial Statements 0.00 (13.04)
Less : Adjustments for Provision of Gratuity f or the year ended March 31, 2024 (11.37) 0.00
Other comprehensive (loss)/ income
- Remeasurements of defined benefit liability / (asset) (4.07) 0.00
Closing Balance 6183.65 4168.59
To ta l 6761.24 4765.68
NOTE 14:- NON-CURRENT BORROWINGS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Secured Loans
The Mehsana Urban Co Op Bank Ltd( Range Rover Car) 0.00 148.48
(Secured Loan Against Hyphohecation of Car)
The Mehsana Urban Co Op Bank Ltd 806.76 991.04
HDFC Bank 3165.65 3524.15
The Sutex Co Op Bank Ltd 664.91 905.75
Less: Current Maturities of Long Term Debts 893.05 772.79
TOTAL (A) 3744.27 4796.64
Terms of repayment of Term Loans:
1. Rate of Interest
a. Rate of Interest - 8.50% (8.25%) The Sutex Co Op Bank Ltd
b. Rate of Interest - 9.25% (9.25%) The Mehsana Urban Co Op Bank Ltd
c. Rate of Interest - 8.20% (8.50%) HDFC Bank Ltd
d. Rate of Interest - Nil (8.10%) The Mehsana Urban Co Op Bank Ltd (Car Loan)
2. There is no default of repayment of Term Loans From The Sutex Co Op Bank Ltd
a. Secured by mortgage over Plot No AA/93,Hojiwala Industrial Estate, Sachin, Surat
b. Secured by mortgage over Shop No. 2096, Mahavir Textile Market, Ring Road, Surat
c. Secured by mortgage over Shop No. S-1236, Surat Textile Market, Ring Road, Surat
3. There is no default of repayment of Term Loans From The Mehsana Urbean Co Op Bank Ltd
a. Secured by mortgage over Plot No A-4 / 6,Road No.11, Hojiwala Industrial Estate, Sachin, Surat
4.  There is no default of repayment of Term Loans From HDFC Bank Ltd
a. Secured by mortgage over Plot No B-5 / 6, Sachin Udhyog Nagar Shakari Mandari Limited , Sachin, Surat
b. Secured by mortgage over Plot No B-5 /7, Sachin Udhyog Nagar Shakari Mandari Limited , Sachin, Surat
c. Secured by mortgage over Plot No B-5 /7-1, Sachin Udhyog Nagar Shakari Mandari Limited , Sachin, Surat
d. Secured by mortgage over Plot No B-16 / 16, Sachin Udhyog Nagar Shakari Mandari Limited , Sachin, Surat
5. Maturity Profile :- Year of Repayment - 2027-28, 2028-29, 2028-29, 2030-31
Unsecured Loans
Loans and Advances from Related Parties 0.00 8.5
Loans and Advances from Corporate Bodies 0.00 0.00
TOTAL (B) 0.00 8.56
GRAND TOTAL (A) + (B) 3744.27 4805.19
===== PAGE 106 =====
 
80  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 15:- LEASE LIABILITIES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Lease liabilities - Current 32.40 32.40
Lease liabilities - Non - Current 117.72 135.35
TOTAL 150.12 167.75
NOTE 16:- CURRENT BORROWINGS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Cash Credit from The Sutex Co Operative Bank Ltd 931.22 750.46
Cash Credit from The Mehsana Urban Co Operative Bank Ltd 217.49 538.41
Cash Credit from HDFC Bank 118.56 42.92
Current Maturities of Long Term Debts 893.05 772.79
TOTAL 2160.32 2104.57
Terms of repayment of Cash Credit:
1. Rate of Interest - Cash Credit - The Sutex Co Op Bank Ltd 9.00 9.00
1  Rate of Interest - Cash Credit - The Mehsana Urban Co Operative Bank Ltd 9.50 9.75
1. Rate of Interest - Cash Credit - HDFC Bank Ltd 8.75 8.50
2. Pari Passu Charge on Book Debts & Stock-in-trade of Co by all 3 Banks
3. There is no default in repayment of Loans and Interest
NOTE 17:- TRADE PAYABLES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Sundry Creditors for Goods 376.88 1331.42
Sundry Creditors for Capital Goods 0.00 7.71
Sundry Creditors for Expenses 0.00 16.31
TOTAL 376.88 1355.44
Trade Receivables ageing schedule
As at 31st March, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from Total
due date of payment/invoice
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than
1 year 3 years
(i) MSMEs 92.36 92.36
(ii) Others 284.51 284.51
(iii) Disputed dues - MSMEs 0.00
(iv) Disputed dues - Others 0.00
Total 376.88 0.00 0.00 376.88
As at 31st March, 2024:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from Total
due date of payment/invoice
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than
1 year 3 years
(i) MSMEs 710.66 710.66
(ii) Others 644.79 644.79
(iii) Disputed dues - MSMEs 0.00
(iv) Disputed dues - Others 0.00
Total 1355.44 0.00 0.00 1355.44
===== PAGE 107 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  81
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 18:- OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Statutory dues payables 7.97 3.94
Advance Received From Customers 0.29 0.00
TOTAL 8.25 3.94
NOTE 19:- PROVISIONS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Provision for Employee Benefits 184.00 299.16
Provision for Electricity and Other Expenses 87.07 103.33
TOTAL 271.07 402.49
NOTE 20:- CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Provision for Income Tax 0.00 0.00
Provision for Income Tax (Net of Advance Tax and TDS/TCS) 128.66 96.34
TOTAL 128.66 96.34
NOTE 21:- REVENUE FROM OPERATION (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Sales - Grey 25158.04 14366.13
Sales - Yarns 3355.35 5260.17
Sales - Down Grade 13.97 16.75
Sales - Beam 424.14 218.12
Sales - Wastages 79.53 44.39
TOTAL 29031.04 19905.56
NOTE 22:- OTHER INCOME (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Dividend 6.92 6.96
Interest on Security Deposit 0.87 0.87
Interest on Electricity Deposit 17.97 12.20
Interest on Overdues 14.73 7.42
Interest Subsidy 368.96 0.00
Interest on Income Tax Refund 0.00 0.04
Interest on Loans & Advances 12.48 0.00
Vatav & Kasar 0.00 0.04
Foreign Exchange Rate Difference 0.00 27.15
PMRPY Benefit Received 0.00 0.22
ED Refund (DGVCL) 56.74 0.00
TOTAL 478.66 54.90
NOTE 23:- COST OF MATERIAL CONSUMED (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Yarn Consumed 17803.18 12302.04
TOTAL 17803.18 12302.04
===== PAGE 108 =====
 
82  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 24:- CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF WIP AND FINISHED GOODS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Opening Stock
Finished Goods - Grey Cloth 134.48 80.37
TOTAL (A) 134.48 80.37
Closing Stock
Finished Goods - Grey Cloth 158.01 134.48
Store & Spars 5.83 0.00
TOTAL (B) 163.84 134.48
EXCESS OF A OVER B (29.35) (54.12)
NOTE 25:- EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Labour and Wages 1625.77 1600.67
Bonus Expenses 132.91 89.97
Labour Leave Salary 79.42 53.49
Director’s Remuneration 18.00 12.00
Provident Fund Expenses 11.93 4.63
Provident Fund Benefit Expenses 0.00 0.22
Salary Expenses 31.80 29.10
ESIC Expenses 1.04 0.51
Gujarat Labour Welfare Fund 0.15 0.18
Current Service Cost 13.62 0.00
Net Interest Cost on Gratuity 0.82 0.00
TOTAL 1915.45 1790.78
NOTE 26:- FINANCE COSTS (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Interest on Cash Credit Limit 47.20 78.21
Interest on Term Loan 425.78 279.74
Interest on Car Loan 5.69 7.29
Interest on Unsecured Loan 11.60 36.23
Interest on lease liability 14.77 16.33
TOTAL 505.04 417.80
NOTE 27:- DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 1283.95 893.15
Depreciation of ROU Assets 22.08 22.08
TOTAL 1306.03 915.23
===== PAGE 109 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  83
Borana Weaves Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
NOTE 28:- OTHER EXPENSES (J in Lakhs)
Particulars 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
MANUFACTURING EXPENSES
Factory Power Expenses(Net) 1628.44 968.64
Generator Diesel Expenses 0.90 0.37
Jobwork Expenses 447.73 0.00
CEPT Expenses 138.68 85.20
Millgin Expenses 261.95 247.72
Millgin Expenses (Texturising Oil) 289.76 315.87
Packing Material Expense (POY) 1.56 0.00
Factory Shed Rent 2.40 5.60
Factory Shed Rent-Godown 6.50 19.75
Maintanance Expense-Factory 0.59 0.69
2778.50 1643.85
Selling & Distribution Expenses
Advertisement Expenses 25.00 0.00
25.00 0.00
Administrative Expenses
Audit Fees 2.00 2.00
Bank Commission and Charges 2.83 2.73
Loan Processing Expenses 7.13 2.40
Brokerage Expense 0.00 0.69
CSR Expense 5.00 18.00
Insurance Expenses 9.58 10.96
Factory Expenses 27.99 10.24
Legal and Professional Charges 65.90 23.76
Statutory Audit Fees 1.00 0.00
Preliminery Expenses written off 0.00 0.00
Printing and Stationery Expenses 7.06 4.31
Electric Expenses 13.88 21.39
Repair & Maintenance Expenses 15.59 4.75
Other Administrative Expenses 12.62 4.47
220.58 105.71
TOTAL 3024.08 1749.56
===== PAGE 110 =====
 
84  | Annual Report 2024-25
Borana Weaves Limited
Form No. MGT-12
Polling Paper
[Pursuant to section 109(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 21(1)(c) of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the company: BORANA WEAVES LIMITED
REGD. OFFICE: Plot No. AA/34, B-16 / 16, Hojiwala Industrial Estate, SUSML, Sachin, Surat, Gujarat, India – 394230
CIN: U17299GJ2020PLC117745
Sr.No. Particulars Details
1. Name of the first named Shareholder (In Block Letters)
2. Postal address
3. Registered Folio No/ *ClientID (*applicable to investors
holding shares in dematerialized form)
4. Class of Share Equity Shares
5. Number of Shares
I hereby exercise my vote in respect of Ordinary/Special Resolutions enumerated below by recording my assent or dissent to the said
resolutions in the following manner:
No. Item No. No. of I assent to I dissent from
Shares held the resolution the resolution
1 Ordinary Resolution To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial
Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March 2025,
together with the Directors’ and Auditors’ Reports thereon.
2 Ordinary Resolution To appoint a director in place of Mr . Rajkumar Mangilal
Borana (DIN – 01091166), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers
herself for re- appointment.
3 Ordinary Resolution T o approve the appointment of auditor further for the
term of five years and to fix their remuneration.
4 Ordinary Resolution To approve the appointment of Mr. Jitendrakumar
Rewashankar Rawal as Secretarial Auditor of the Company .
5 Ordinary Resolution To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditor for the financial
year 2025-26.
6 Special Resolution To approve the Related Party Transaction for the FY 2025-
26 to be entered by the Company with Related Party.
7 Special Resolution Authorizing the Board of Directors for Advancing Loans in
excess of limits specified under Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013.
8 Special Resolution Approval of Loans, Investments, Guarantee or Security under
Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
9 Special Resolution Approval of increase in limits of sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking the
company.
10 Special Resolution Approval of increase the borrowing limit of the Company
as mentioned under section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Place : Surat
Date : ____________________________________________
(Signature of the shareholder*)
===== PAGE 111 =====
 
Annual Report 2024-25  |  85
Borana Weaves Limited
Route location of the venue of the Annual General Meeting
===== PAGE 112 =====
 
Borana Weaves LimitedBorana Weaves LimitedBorana Weaves Limited
Registered Office:
Plot No AA/34, B 16/16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Susml, 
Sachin, Surat – 394230, Gujarat, India.
Corporate Office:
Plot No AA/34, B 16/16, Hojiwala Ind. Estate, Susml, 
Sachin, Surat – 394230, Gujarat, India
