SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/SANGAMIND-Concall_Aug_2024_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 19


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
SANGAM (INDIA) LIMITED 
 CIN : L17118RJ 1984PLC 003173 
 
 E - mail : secretarial@sangamgroup.com 
 Website : www.sangamgroup.com I Ph : +91-1482-245400-06 
 
 
Registered Office : Sangam House, Atun, Chittorgarh Road, Bhilwara - 311001 (Raj.) INDIA 
 
Ref: SIL/SEC/2024-25 
Date: 16th August, 2024 
 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 5251 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 514234 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Management Interactions with Investors. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Company’s 
analyst call held on 13th August, 2024. The transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website 
www.sangamgroup.com   
 
We request you to take note of the same and update record of the Company accordingly. 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Sangam (India) Limited 
 
 
(Arjun Agal) 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Sangam (India) Limited 
Q1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. ANURAG SONI – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
 S ANGAM (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  M S. VANDINI TATED – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sangam India Limited Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vandini Tated from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Vandini Tated: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Sangam India Q1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have on the call Mr. Anurag Soni, Managing Director. Please note that the 
discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore 
viewed in conjunction with the risks the company faces.  
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Soni for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Anurag Soni: Hi, very good afternoon to all the participants on the call. My name is Anurag Soni. I'm the 
Managing Director of Sangam India Limited. I welcome all of you on the call today and I hope 
you had a chance to go through the presentation shared on the exchange, and I'm happy to take 
any questions further. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please go ahead, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: Namaskar sir and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, if you could articulate to us the 
current business environment and the factors that are currently affecting our margin and the 
profitability? And going ahead, what are the key indicators that you would like to address in 
terms of the growth trajectory? 
Anurag Soni: I'll answer that. See, the current environment, textile sector overall has been going through a 
difficult phase over the last six to eight quarters and that is evident across the results coming out 
from all the companies in the sector. Currently, it looks like that even in the current times, it is 
still a difficult time that we are going through. And going forward, probably I think it may take 
one, two more quarters for actually full recovery to start and results to improve. 
Saket Kapoor: And sir, the cost efficiencies which we are currently working on in terms of reduction in our 
power cost or other variables or the other factors, if you could just tell you where are we working 
in terms of improving the margin, which when the tide turns or when the environment improves 
will add aid to our margin. 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, see, optimizing cost is a continuous process. So that is across all the cost centers that 
may include, as you mentioned, power costs or even -- the biggest cost for our company is 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
actually power cost and then there is employee cost, that is salary and wages. So that contributes 
about 20% of the conversion costs. So this is a continuous process that we keep working on. So 
it is nothing specific that we are doing differently right now that I have an update for. 
Having said that, both like when we compare our conversion costs to the peers, we do feel that 
we are quite competitive on that front. And that also tells in the results. So our margins are still 
on a decent level compared to what the sector is facing. So I think from that point of view, we 
are well placed on the cost front and whenever the tide turns, we will be able to expand our 
margins and we have the capacity to maximize that whenever the market turns from that point 
of view. 
Saket Kapoor: So, what is our maintenance capex for the current year and also for capacity augmentation, are 
we undertaking any capex and what is our net debt number and the cost of fund? 
Anurag Soni: So maintenance capex would like normally it would range between 1% to 2% of the gross block. 
So I think for the current year I think there may be a maintenance capex anywhere between 
INR15 crores to INR20 crores and this is the number that probably historically over the last 
three, four years is what we have incurred. So going forward I think it would be at similar levels. 
Saket Kapoor: Our debt number, sir, what is our net debt number and our cost of fund both long-term and 
working capital? 
Anurag Soni: Just give me a second. So I think the long-term debt would stand around, just one second. It's 
about INR850 crores currently that would include any kind of undisbursed loan. So, right now 
we are at I think INR670 or INR700 crores. There is some amount to be disbursed that is on the 
ongoing capex. So, I think the peak debt will go around INR850 crores. Working capital 
drawdown I think is around INR350 crores is what our CC utilization is around. 
Saket Kapoor: Cost of fund? 
Anurag Soni: Cost of fund, see working capital would range around 7%, 7.5% and long-term debt would be 
around about 8.75% to 8.8%. This is and if I net off with the subsidies that we receive as interest 
subvention, it would go down below 5%.  
Saket Kapoor: And the last point is we have first quarter EBITDA at INR67 crores and taking into account the 
current utilization level if you could give some color on the utilization levels and what should 
be the trajectory for EBITDA for the remaining part of the year? 
Anurag Soni: Currently I think this quarter we did about 10% EBITDA margins. What we are looking at for a 
full year I think it should be upwards from this number. That is one as far as the margin is 
concerned and like probably September quarter might see a little dip, but then I think December 
quarter onwards it will start picking up because normally September quarter is one of the lowest 
performance quarters. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
But overall, I think for the full year number, it will be more than what we have done in June. 
And on the top line front, I think we should see about at least 15% growth on that. 
Saket Kapoor: Yeah. Thank you, sir. I will join the queue.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satyam Badera from Profitmart Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Satyam Badera: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. In last quarter management mentioned that the interest 
cost is at its high and it would be reducing in coming quarters. However, it is same in this quarter 
as well. So, what is the plan regarding the debt repayment and interest cost? 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, I think in the last call there was a question asked regarding the interest cost. And I 
think what I had mentioned was that we have peaked as far as the interest costs are concerned. 
It will not go up from here. However, I don't think that we have mentioned at any time that the 
interest cost will start going down. So, I think we will see these levels for a certain time. 
And as I said there are certain term loans that are still to be drawn down. So, that will add to the 
interest cost, but then there are also repayments that are happening. So overall number would 
remain in this range. The interest cost again, I'll mention that it is peaked, but I'm not saying that 
it is going to come down in the near future. 
Satyam Badera: Okay. And my second question is, what is the company's plan for denim and garment division, 
considering they have a high margin business? 
Anurag Soni: You mentioned denim and garments, right? 
Satyam Badera: Yeah. 
Anurag Soni: Garment is a very small portion of the business in the company currently. However, there is 
focus on growing that. So, I think that the garments like we've incurred a significant capex just 
probably two quarters back. So, we have the capacities that we have built. And that capacity can 
double our garment business. I think over the next two, three quarters, we should start seeing 
capacity utilizations going up. 
 And that will add to the overall revenue numbers as well. And the second part is, with regards 
to denim, I think denim, on year on year, we've done about a 20% growth in that business. And 
that is a number that, so we are very aggressive on that front. So, we would say that going 
forward also, we should see a significant growth in that business. So, when we are projecting 
future, when we are giving any kind of future guidance, I think a significant portion is being 
added from the denim business here. 
Satyam Badera: Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha from Niveshaay Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. Please go ahead with your question. Disha, please go ahead with your question. 
Due to no response, we will take the next question. The next question is from the line of Aditya 
from AK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I want to understand. Currently, there is a yarn business, 
which is low margin and we want to increase the wallet share in our fabric business, then there 
is a garment business. So, you are putting a lot of capacity in the yarn. I'm thinking that you 
would be using that in fabric. And what are your thoughts in increasing the garment positioning? 
 Because that is a more high margin business, right? I know you're focusing on the garment, but 
why are we more focusing on garment, I'm asking, rather than fabric? So, can you share some 
thoughts here? 
Anurag Soni: For a long time, Sangam has been a yarn driven business. I think that the transition from yarn to 
fabric is what the focus point today is. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier in the call, we've 
incurred a capex on the garment business as well last year, which we intend to fully utilize the 
capacities in the current financial year. 
 Once that is done, I think we can probably, so we are open to expanding that business. But I will 
also add to that that once what we have incurred already, let us stabilize that. And we deliver 
that on the results. And then probably next year, again, we can start looking at further expansion 
there. 
So, when I mentioned that there is a significant capex we have done last year, that is to double 
the capacity that we had earlier. So, we are already doubling from that number. And then once 
it stabilizes, then we can look at further increasing capacities here. So, this is a new business for 
us where we are trying to develop our expertise as well. So, it is a small step that we are taking 
now. And then probably with a future outlook that once we set up our distribution and our 
marketing and then we can probably look at further expansions. 
Aditya: What is the amount of capex we have invested here? 
Anurag Soni: I think we added about INR100 crores capex last year in this. 
Aditya: So, on that, how much change we can make? 
Anurag Soni: So, current capacity, if we operate fully, we can do about INR200 to INR250 crores sales if 
possible. 
Aditya: Okay. Then basically, so now thinking as a long term, suppose three to five years. Now, the 
yarn, whatever, I mean, you can also correct that if yarn you are making, so that would be used 
as a backward integration for the fabric. Mostly, how much would be in-house consumption 
there? That is my first one. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 And it is a long term three to five years view. How do you want to be your composition? It 
should be fabric 70 or 50, 60 and rest garment 30, 40 or what is the thought there? I mean, in 
three to five years as Sangam? 
Anurag Soni: See, obviously, the aspiration is to have as much forward integration as possible. However, I 
think like one step at a time. So, first, I think the idea is to reduce the yarn sales and use that 
captively as much as possible. However, there are some yarns we make that are not necessarily 
low margin products. So, that way that is going to continue even in the future. However, I think 
currently the composition coming from yarn division is about 45%. 
 I think this number over 3 to 5 years period will definitely go around 25%. And the fabric 
composition that is both denim and synthetic side will increase significantly. I think garment 
composition today is about 3% of the business. This may go up to about 10% to 15%. 
Aditya: So, to handle the garment since we are new here, are we looking for any professional here or 
once we stabilize, when we think to expand big at that time, we will be looking for professional 
to manage so that we do not go. 
Anurag Soni: So, the challenge today, we do not have a challenge with the personnel. I think we have a good 
team already taking care of the business and that team is going to continue for the future as well.  
Aditya: And one more last thing on the debt. So, currently, I see there is a lot of debt because we have 
done a lot of capex. I understand that. But suppose a problem will come that the cycle does not 
play out right. So, how do you want to tackle this situation? 
 I mean, what are the steps we are taking forward so that we do not go into that trap? Or how do 
you see in term this positioning of India gaining a market share in the global sourcing also? I 
think you mostly supply to Indian context only. I think a lot of thing is in India. But can you 
explain on that? And the market and the debt, how do you see going forward? Thanks. 
Anurag Soni: If I got that correctly in the first question regarding the debt and the debt repayment and linked 
to what the market scenarios are. And the second part of the question was what kind of market 
do we supply to? So, the first part I'll answer, see, I think we are very comfortable as far as the 
debt repayments are concerned. 
 Over the next seven to eight years where the debt has to be repaid, I think the peak repayment is 
around INR100-INR110 crores in a year. So, even the current EBITDA levels are very 
comfortable to take care of the repayment. So, we are not over leveraged from that point of view, 
one. And secondly even today's numbers can take care of any kind of repayments that are due 
every year. So, we are not going to fall into any trap. So, we are pretty judicious on that front. 
 The second part is that with regards to the market. So, about 65% to 70% of our sales or maybe 
like two-third of our sales come from the domestic market and one-third of our sales come from 
the export market. So, there is a significant presence across the globe. We are supplying to, I 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
think over maybe 60 countries. So, we are present at major textile centers across the globe as 
well. So, yes, that was the second question that you asked. 
Aditya: How much composition is yarn or fabric or garment? What is the composition when you do 
export? I think export would be high money. 
Anurag Soni: No, not necessarily. So, see, it totally depends on the product and the geography you're supplying 
to. So, there are products and markets within India as well that are high margin markets. And 
so, that's not necessary. There's a correlation there. Secondly, you asked regarding the business-
wise composition. 
 So, more or less when I said 1/3, 2/3 that would look across all our businesses. I think that is the 
number that is going to come out. Garments, we are majorly domestically focused because India 
itself is a huge market. So, there are a lot of opportunities here itself. So, there, the focus is more 
on the domestic market. But fabric and yarn, it is 1/3, 2/3 across all the businesses. 
Aditya: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for answering. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Hi. Am I audible? A question on Bangladesh issue now. How does the situation in Bangladesh 
help the company or how does it impact our revenues going ahead? 
Anurag Soni: Well, I'll attempt to answer that question with regards to the company and with regards to the 
both sides. Bangladesh is one of, I think, probably the second largest producer of garments in 
the world. So, any kind of disruption that is happening there may not necessarily be a great thing 
in the short term for the Indian market and as far as for the company because there's a lot of 
supplies that happen to Bangladesh on the fabric front and the yarn front. 
 So, having said that, we already are seeing that with the new interim government in place in 
Bangladesh, the orders have started coming in again and also the payment cycles and the banking 
issues, whatever was there in the short term, we are seeing that they're getting resolved. So, that 
is one. 
 Now, then in medium to long term, once I think India and we at Sangam, we start building our 
garment capacities, I think that is when we can actually say that any kind of problems there 
would be more beneficial to the Indian textile market, textile sector. But currently, the textile 
capacities and the garment building capacities here are very low with regards to the global 
context. 
 So, in the very short term, I don't think there's any benefit from any kind of disruption that is 
happening in Bangladesh. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: And there's no risk because we're supplying yarn to them. So, that doesn't, I mean, none of our 
payments are being, the payments are being received very smoothly, right? 
Anurag Soni: Yes. So, all our supplies in Bangladesh are LC backed. That is one. And also, a company has, 
we do undertake insurance cover for all our export payments. So, there is no, there's not a very 
big risk on that front that we foresee currently. However, as I said, we already have, are seeing 
that orders have started to come in again, and things are improving in Bangladesh. So, there's 
no, there's no, not a very big risk that we foresee even on the business side. 
Deepesh Sancheti: So, none of the customers have been affected by this violence, right? 
Anurag Soni: No, nothing major. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Great. Okay. And now, my second question is, the company, in its, I think, first or second Slide, 
they have been mentioning that they want to grow the percentage of fabric and garment and 
reduce the yarn dependence. Now, I am not able to understand that, however, you're doing a 
capex of INR344 crores in yarn. I mean, it has been allotted. So, while the garment still stands 
at 3% of the revenue, what is your strategy going ahead? 
Anurag Soni: Again, I said, the garment is the very (inaudible) . So, this year, we want to stabilize that capex 
and then probably see that how do you want to go forward towards that. Having said that, if all 
falls in place, we would want to grow at 25%, 30% on the garment because the base is very low. 
That is one. 
 Secondly, the capex in the yarn that we are incurring right now is majorly to support the denim 
business. So, as I said, denim business, we are very aggressive there and we are seeing a 
significant growth in that business. So, we have built our in-house yarn capacities accordingly. 
And even the other capex, so last couple of years, the company has been in a continuous capex 
cycle. So, we have done capex in all our businesses that includes the yarn, garment, denims, and 
the synthetic fabric side. 
Deepesh Sancheti: And though it looks that the transition from 53% to 60% of value-added product portfolio 
appears to be an attainable goal. However, there has been no substantial change in the revenue 
composition as of now right? 
Anurag Soni: That is from last financial year to the current financial year? 
Deepesh Sancheti: Yes. 
Anurag Soni: Yes, I think the Q1 numbers are on similar lines. But see, it is difficult to actually change 
anything on a quarter-and-quarter basis. But I think on a long-term trend, you will see the 
difference. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Long-term, how long? In the next 2 years, 3 years? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: Next 2 years, definitely. So, we are talking about FY '26. So, definitely in 2 years. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Definitely in 2 years. Okay. And how are you planning to increase your ROE? Because you are 
doing so much investment, you are taking so much debt. What is the cost of debt? Sorry, if I can 
just question this question. 
Anurag Soni: See, our long-term debt is below 5%. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Below 5%. Our company is doing an ROE of almost sub 10%. How do you plan to take this 
ahead? Because we are doing almost an ROE of the cost of debt. So, whatever we are earning, 
literally we are giving it to the bank. We are getting into the cycle of earning for the banks. So, 
how are we going to get out of that? Are we planning a preferential or something? You know, 
something like that, dilute the equity or get -- how do we increase our ROE? That's my basic 
question? 
Anurag Soni: Right. See, frankly, to increase your ROE, you have to increase your profits. That is something 
that we have to focus on. Having said that, the current number obviously looks very low. That's 
also because in the context we are seeing on the last one-year performance where the profit has 
been hit. 
I think a couple of years back, the ROE was around 20%. So, yes, right now there's a low base 
and the profitability and the margins are low. So, that's how we are seeing that number. It looks 
very, very low. Having said that, as I mentioned again, the sector is going through a tough time. 
We are part of the problem that is being faced by the textile sector. 
Now, once these things start changing, I think, and our margins that we have mentioned that 
when you see over the next six to eight quarters that the margins start going up, and all these 
capex that have come in, that will add to the revenue as well. So, I think the ROE will start 
picking up. So, what you are seeing today is probably the lowest that we are going to be for a 
long time in the future. So, this is just a circumstance where we have incurred the capex. The 
debt levels are high. There are sector headwinds that are not conducive. The margins are low. 
So, all that put together, today, that number looks low. 
Deepesh Sancheti: So, what I'm trying to tell you this is that we are getting into a debt trap right now. We can't 
depend on our sector to revive. And then when you're having a viral fever, everybody's having 
a viral fever. We can't say that, okay, my temperature is 104, but it's okay. Everybody's 
temperature is 104. Right now, we have to take the paracetamol. We have to take the funds. We 
have to, maybe dilute the equity and get the funds so that, we don't get into a possible bad 
situation. So, and when the sector revives, when, the tailwind starts, that time we can outperform 
the entire sector. This is what I'm trying to say. 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, see, having said that again, like, let us say, the full year EBITDA comes around 
INR280 crores to INR300 crores, right? My repayment levels are at INR100 crores. My interest 
costs are below INR100 crores. So, we are still very well, very comfortable on that front. So, 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
there is, I don't really see a debt trap there as of now. And even going forward, as I mentioned, 
that over the next five, six years, our repayment schedule is very, very comfortable. So, there is 
no challenge there. 
And secondly, as I mentioned, even the cost of this long-term debt is below 5%. We are very 
well capitalized. And then if a need arises in the future where we see an opportunity that raising 
equity and paying off debt makes sense, I think we can look at that. But currently, there are no 
such plans. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Okay. Now, this was just a suggestion from a long-term investor. That's it. Not trying to, you 
know, mean otherwise. 
Anurag Soni: So, that's perfectly understood. Thank you. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Yes. I mean, this is what, I was trying to see how we can, increase our chances of outperforming 
the markets. That is all I wanted to just mention. 
Anurag Soni: No, no, point well taken. Thank you very much for that. 
Deepesh Sancheti: All the very best, guys. Take care. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Disha from Nivasha Investments. 
Please go ahead. Ms. Disha, you may go ahead with your question. As current participant isn't 
answering, we'll take the next question. The next question is from the line of Tushar Vasuja from 
Yogya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Vasuja: Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. My first one is, what are 
your current cotton spreads and how have they changed Y-o-Y and sequentially? 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, see, cotton spreads, how they've changed year-on-year, I think there is a slight 
increase. We also mentioned on our presentation that the yarn prices have started to move up, 
however, not significantly, a little bit. And cotton prices are still probably at the lowest levels. 
So, but they are still, like on the margin front, there's still pressure. But I think probably we are, 
I think on the cotton side, we are seeing a recovery. And we do hope that this should start going 
up from here. 
Tushar Vasuja: So can I have a percentage change for sequentially? 
Anurag Soni: The percentage change is what probably I think like INR5 to INR7. So maybe I think 2%, 3% 
there's an increase on the percentage change, if you ask me. 
Tushar Vasuja: Okay. Okay. So, my next question is on what's your utilization for denim right now? 
Anurag Soni: Denim fabric utilization, I think is about I think last quarter is about 94%. So we are almost fully 
utilizing our capacity. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Tushar Vasuja: Okay. And you're also mentioning that you would have a substantial growth in the denim 
segment and you're also doing a yarn capex for it. So are you also doing a capex in denim 
segment? 
Anurag Soni: So see like on the production side I think like you can still get a lot of fabric outsourced. So 
currently no we don't intend to do any capex on that front. Because we have a substantial capacity 
in-house and then like there are certain processes that are easily done on job work outside. So I 
think to answer your question no there's no further capex plan there. 
Tushar Vasuja: Okay. So, one last thing that one of your peers is doing a decent size capex in denims. So, how 
do you see the space going forward in terms of supply and margins? 
Anurag Soni: Sorry, who did we mention who's doing a big capex on that front?  
Tushar Vasuja: Swaraj Suiting.  
Anurag Soni: See again like when you mentioned that there's a substantial capex see overall market, the market 
will keep growing. There will be people coming in and adding capacities. So as far as Sangam 
is concerned, as I mentioned, year-on-year we have done a 20% growth in this business. And we 
are very hopeful going forward as well that we'll keep seeing growth. And as far as the sector is 
concerned, there is plenty of space for people to come in and then it is about your markets, the 
geographies that you cater to, the products that you are developing. 
So I think from that point of view, we are very well placed. So just last quarter Sangam has 
received an award for being the highest exporter of denim fabrics in the country. So and we are 
seeing good development in new markets on the export front as well. So, yes I think like we will 
see continuous growth in this business. 
Tushar Vasuja: Fair enough sir. All the best for the future. Thank you. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devendra Nagori from Saroj Infrastructure. 
Please go ahead. 
Devendra Nagori: Anurag sir. Good afternoon.  
Anurag Soni: Yes good afternoon.  
Devendra Nagori: Sir from all the shareholders congratulations to you for the upcoming Birthday on 29 August. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you very much.  
Devendra Nagori: Sir, what return gift would you like to give to the shareholders?  
Anurag Soni: We are trying our best to perform better.  
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Devendra Nagori: Sir, it's been a long time we were hoping that something big will happen. And second sir, you 
said that in 2026, you are increasing the capacity of your market by 4000 crores. Sir, will a 
company get some benefit from this in the current year? 
Anurag Soni: For what benefit? 
Devendra Nagori: Sir, the market cap that you are increasing, the capacity of 4000 crores that you are increasing 
of the plant. Will you get any benefit in the current year?  
Anurag Soni: As we have said in the earlier calls that we are expecting 15% growth in the revenue in the 
current year and if you will see in the June quarter the revenue number which is there that is 
matching with March. So historically, March quarter has always been the best quarter. So, we 
are very happy with the number we have done in June. And if we move forward in this way, 
then we will be able to expect 15% growth in the current year year-on-year.  
Devendra Nagori: Okay sir. Sir return gift you have not said? 
Anurag Soni: Return gift what I can say means I think... 
Devendra Nagori: You have to say because it’s your birthday? 
Anurag Soni: So we are trying that we perform better and in the next quarter results we hope that you must be 
happy.  
Devendra Nagori: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir I just got dropped in the call. In the Bangladesh scenario have you thrown some light how 
have the fiasco, the political uphill there has affected the textile industry in particular and how 
do you see the dynamics, if any changes are there? 
Anurag Soni: Yes, see, I had mentioned earlier actually that Bangladesh is a big garmenting hub. And so there 
is a lot of fabrics and yarns that are supplied to Bangladesh from India and even from Sangam. 
So, short term, I think there were disruptions over the last one month. Having said that, since the 
new interim government has been formed, some new orders have already started even the 
payment cycles. So, all our payments are LC backed, but banking channels, also got disturbed 
for 10-15 days in the middle. So now all that has started to open up. So hopefully, it seems very 
disappointing. But we will wait and watch. If there is such a trend, then it seems that the situation 
will be normal soon. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, can you quantify what business we did in the last quarter and what is the yearly average 
business we do in Bangladesh? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: See, we have a sale of almost INR25 to INR30 crores monthly from Bangladesh. As of now run 
rate that's there. Last year, there was not much sale, so Bangladesh was a lower number. Because 
recently we have been onboarded by a lot of brands whose garmenting is through Bangladesh 
and nomination is from Europe. So, because of that, the business of Bangladesh has increased. 
So, currently, the current run rate is about INR25 to INR30 crores monthly. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, one more point. When we see the ecosystem at Bangladesh, Bangladesh is a major textile 
player in the garment industry. How does it plays out in the ecosystem? Can you explain in detail 
what exactly Bangladesh is related to ecosystem? And how are companies like Sangam and 
others benefit from whatever growth which route through Bangladesh sir? If you could explain 
it a little bit. 
Anurag Soni: Right. Look, all the big retail brands, their supply chain is mainly Bangladesh dependent. Why 
Bangladesh? Because Bangladesh has an added advantage of exporting to European countries 
where 10% of the duty is on the government, which is applied to India and not to Bangladesh. 
So, Bangladesh gets a substantial advantage there. Also, Bangladesh has focused a lot over the 
last couple of decades to build their garmenting capabilities. 
 So, there is a huge dependency of economy on this industry. So, that is why Bangladesh is doing 
so well and 10% is a big number which is why they have an added advantage. As far as India or 
Sangam, if the business of Bangladesh increases, then there is no consumption in Bangladesh. 
It is basically a garmenting hub that is converting for the retailers in Europe. So the business 
there increases, the supply chain there is very dependent on India, on the yarn and fabric side. 
So, if the business there grows, it will enable us to export more, that is one. 
 Secondly, in the long term, in India also, as we said that we have small garmenting facilities, we 
are trying to develop that. I think once over a period of time over next 5 to 6 years, I think enough 
capacities are built in India then even we can compete better with Bangladesh despite the duty 
benefit. But that will still take time. So that can be a medium to long term strategy. In the very 
short term, it is not that there will be any disruption in Bangladesh, then its big benefit will be 
transferred here. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, what should be the mixture in yarn and fabrics that we sell in Bangladesh, what percentage 
of yarn is there and how much fabric is there? 
Anurag Soni: I don't have the exact number as of now but maybe I think it will be 60% or 65% fabric and 
balance yarn. 
Saket Kapoor: When they are only having the garmenting facility, how are they utilizing the yarns which they 
are importing from the country from India? 
Anurag Soni: So, there is a major garmenting hub, but having said that, it is not that they do not have any 
fabric factories there. So, they have some capacities there also. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: Right. Thank you for all the elaborate answers and all the best to the team. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha from Niveshaay Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Disha: Hello Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes you are audible. 
Disha: Hi, good afternoon. Actually, I had a question that does the company have plans for recycling 
and renewable energy and for the treatment plan further? And what can be the capex strategy 
for this particular recycling and renewable energy? 
Anurag Soni: Right. Hi, good afternoon. So, definitely, we are thinking on that since I had mentioned, I think, 
in the last quarter call that we do have plans to add solar power plants within the company. 
However, we want to stabilize all the capex that are ongoing in the company. So, let us say this 
year we stabilize that and then post that once the EBITDA starts flowing and the debt levels are 
under control, then maybe we can look at this. So, maybe I think a couple of years from now is 
something that we can look at adding further solar capacities. 
 And the second part of the question that you mentioned, what is the capex that is going to be 
required? So, the maximum solar that we can put within the guidelines, the regulations of the 
state, I think the company will have to spend about INR200 to INR225 crores for that. 
Disha: Okay. And one more thing that in the previous call it does mentioned that the company has 
Rajasthan Government Incentive Scheme. So, how long the company will be having this 
scheme? And is there any duration of this scheme? 
Anurag Soni: So, see, the major benefit that is coming from the scheme is actually the interest subvention. So, 
that is broadly, I think, once we start taking the benefits, we can take up to five years. So, that 
may more or less take care of the duration or the tenor of the loan. So, within the loan period, 
there is a subvention that is provided on the interest payments by the government. 
Disha: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from AK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, when you said yarn would be 25% in coming three 
to five years, then what are the capacity, how much would be, I mean, how would be utilized, I 
mean, for the forward integration? Can you throw some light in that how much, when you say 
you will be selling 25% of revenue outside, then you said that there is something commodity, 
there is something value addition. Can you throw some light here? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: Yes. Sorry, I didn't really quite understand. Can you ask again? 
Aditya: So, what I am saying is, you said currently we are putting more capacity for yarn, correct? Now, 
some would be utilized for forward integration, right? I mean, some would be as a backward 
integration for fabric. Some would be sold outside, correct? Now, in three to five years, outside, 
whatever we are selling, that would be 25% of our revenue, correct? 
 That element is there. And that would be very, I mean, it is very commodity element. Then you 
also said that yarn may there is also value addition, which is high margin.  Can you tell about 
which is the high margin in yarn. Then how much you will be consumption? I mean, how much 
consumption will be internally in this yarn? Right now 45% of the revenue… 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, see, I think 45% of revenue in today's date. So, going forward, as I mentioned earlier 
that fabric denim side and the synthetic fabric side, that number is going up quarter-and-quarter. 
We can see that there is substantial growth on that business. So, to put an exact number on it, it 
is very, very difficult, right? 
 So, I gave a guidance that it will look around those number three to five years. Now, the actual 
numbers that we are talking about, we have put them in FY26 in our presentation. So, on that 
front, I think we are saying that the endeavour is that over the next two years, yarn business goes 
down to about 35% and fabric business goes up to about 60%. And garment goes up to 5%, 6% 
from the current 3%. 
 So, that is what I think we stick to right now. And then if we are able to do this by FY '26, it is 
just the same strategy that is going forward. This work will keep going on and will keep growing. 
So in these yarns we have value added there is something. 
Anurag Soni: There are two things. There is cotton yarn and there is PV dyed synthetic yarn. So, where the 
dyeing element is coming in. So, cotton yarn is pure commodity. We will convert that into fabric 
later. On the PV dyed yarn front, that has been a forte for Sangam and in the growth of Sangam, 
it has played a major role. Majorly that is where we have built the company till date from. That 
is the biggest profit driver for the company. 
 So, that is something that we would like to maintain even going forward. And so, when I say 
that 25% of the revenue will come from yarn. So, that synthetic yarn will be intact, whatever 
sale is happening today. And incrementally, whatever growth that we would like to maintain as 
it is.  
Aditya: So, roughly synthetic yarn in have a margin 8% to 10% or below that. So, can you I mean can 
you give a ballpark number that what is the margin difference between fabric synthetic yarn and 
garment?  
Anurag Soni: See, if we take out the average of the last decade, then yarn margins have always been around, 
means if you take out the long term average, it will be above 10%. In today's date, those so those 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
margins are under extreme pressure. But I will not say that this is not a situation that remains all 
the time. So yarn margins can be as high as anywhere between 15%, 20% and as low as anywhere 
between 3%, 5%. So that is the situation currently actually. But long term average we can say 
that 10% margin always remains. 
Aditya: Fabric and garments? 
Anurag Soni: Garmenting margin if the capacity utilization is complete then it can go up till 20%, maybe 15% 
to 20% range is also there in the garmenting. Fabric side if I don't count my yarn margin so I can 
add anywhere between so yarn margin can be added 4% to 5% for the value addition on the 
fabric front. 
Aditya: Okay. One more sir, when you have put a lot of capacity after so many years in the last 3 years. 
So, you’re as strategy wise you might be well for the totally intrigued model. Correct? Or if you 
see garmenting business is a sweet spot. Okay. So, why we did not, I mean, I am just asking 
your perspective, which is not, why did not we focus totally on as a garmenting as there is higher 
possibility of margins in export then why our majority of revenue is India centric?  So what is 
your thought on this sir? 
Anurag Soni: So again, I would have talked about garments first. See, Sangam has a total revenue mix of 1%, 
2% from the business garment. So, any kind of strategy, when I say that if we are trying to double 
that, so let's say INR80 crores, INR100 crores revenue was running on the current run rate. We 
are thinking of INR150 crores next year, INR200 crores next year. 
 So there is a substantial growth on that front. However, the company is also growing. So, 
Sangram revenue was at INR1800 crores maybe 3 or 4 years ago. Today it is at INR2700 crores. 
2 years later we are talking about INR4000 crores. So the base is also growing. In that, the 
garment business is also growing. But percentage to the business, as I said, it is 3% currently,  it 
will be 5%, 6% So, it is not like that, it is not focused. 
 But our forte has always been manufacturing on the yarn side and now the focus is on the fabric 
side. So, naturally you will want to focus more on what you know and what you have been doing 
for a long time and garments, as I said, it is not non-existent it is a small business that we are 
trying to build and establish and once we have, the capabilities that we can grow on large scale, 
then we will focus more on it. 
 So that is as far as I can they can be. It is not that in  between export market and domestic market, 
you earn more from export market. On the contrary there are a lot of products that we do where 
the domestic margins are way higher than the export margins so this is totally dependent on 
product to product market to market. Changes keep on happening. One third of my business 
comes from exports. As I mentioned, in the denim business, we are among the, not among, 
maybe the largest exporter of denim fabric by volume in that country. So, focus is there too. But, 
like, we don't really see it from this point of view that there is more income in export or export 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
should be increased because of that, because export means we have to also see at which point of 
margin we are getting better so according to that focus and strategy remains. 
 It's not like we are dependent particularly on one market. Presence is across and where margin 
is better there we have a little bit like the number of exports also keeps on coming in between 
30% to 40%. Normally, if I do the average then we always do around 1/3, 33%-35% but 
sometimes 40% has gone in the past and on lower side 30% also happens. I would say, I think 
this is still a very decent number like 1/3 or 35%-40% in the business export is not a small 
number. 
Aditya: Yes, good number. So, whatever the business model we have is currently totally integrated 
model right. So, integrated model may then also you are guiding for 10% to 12% margin. Then 
what is the use of having a integrated model rather than we be a single garment player or fabric 
player or so. So, integrated model we should gain more margin, right? That is what my thinking 
is. You can correct 
Anurag Soni: You are absolutely correct. See say currently like especially from 6, 8 quarters say yarn margins 
have been in extreme pressure so when we are seeing purely yarn driven companies margin are 
coming even this quarter when we compare to purely yarn driven companies margin are ranging 
from 2% to 5%. We are at 10% so the margin which is being lacked now because of there are 
very low margins on the yarn business. 
 But as I said historically this number is looking low right now, Normally, it is always around 
10%. So once this becomes 10%, we are looking at a more than 15% margin level. So we are 
giving 12% because see there is no visibility. It is not like that next quarter only these margins 
are improving. So we have to be conservative in our estimates and deliver on that. But yeah, it 
can go up definitely till 15%-18%. If yarn margins are spread and improved this number can go 
up significantly. So 
Moderator: The current participant seems to have disconnected from the call. I'll take the next question, 
which is from the line of Saurabh Rathi an individual investor. Sir please go ahead. 
Saurabh Rathi: Yes. So thanks for the opportunity. So my question is with regard to the revenue growth, which 
we are targeting for FY '26. You said 15% growth for FY '25 or FY '24. So what growth we are 
targeting for FY '26? 
Anurag Soni: Sir, look, we have given guidance of INR 4,000 crores for FY26. Obviously, some of the 
inflation numbers have been factored in. But if we talk about volume growth then I think maybe 
we have to do 20% and then another 20% to reach this number roughly. 
 I think current year we are talking about 15% and from there again another 20%-25% growth 
we can reach this number so there is normal growth that will come from the current business 
and there is also a lot of capex which are yet to go live. I think that number will add so in all FY 
'26 I think we should be able to achieve the guidance we have given. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
  Sangam (India) Limited 
  August 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Saurabh Rathi: Okay. And so which is the quarter from where we can see a significant improvement in margins? 
What is the internal projection of the company? 
Anurag Soni: It is very difficult to say. I have been wrong a few times predicting this. So it is something that 
I would not matter -- it is very hard to really say from which quarter this will improve over but 
yes, I can tell you that if we look from the price realisation angle, so, I think what if it trends are 
on the upper side. However, very nominal there are very small changes happening. But at least 
the trends are reversing. We have shared this in our presentation. So, prices are going up but 
they are very nominal. So, let us see, let us wait another 1, 2 quarter and see where this goes. 
Saurabh Rathi: Okay and sir lastly what is our backup plan if in case whatever we are projecting and targeting 
INR4,000 crores revenue if it does not works out and looking at the scenario where debt levels 
are going up and if we are not able to present what is the backup plan for the company? 
Anurag Soni: Sir, I have mentioned this in the call that our current EBITDA level is good enough to take care 
of the debt level. So I am not very much worried about repayments or the level of long term debt 
in the company. So, like Assuming worst case scenario that even if EBITDA is not added in 
future, even if no EBITDA is added and all debt is added, today's EBITDA level can still be 
taken care of. 
Saurabh Rathi: Okay, thanks. Best of luck. Thank you. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Anurag Soni: So, very thank you everyone for joining the call today and we trust that we have addressed all 
your questions to your satisfaction. If you have anything that is remaining unanswered, please 
feel free to contact our Investor Relations Agency that's Go India Advisors. They will be more 
than happy to assist you further. Thanks again. Thank you very much, all of you for joining the 
call today. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 