SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/SANATHAN-Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 17


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Date: February 11, 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051. 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Trading Symbol: SANATHAN         Scrip Code: 544314 
Ref. No: - 2025-2026/Feb26/098 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations  
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
We hereby submit, pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, the transcript of the earnings call held on Monday, February 09, 2026 at 1700 hours 
regarding the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results  of the Company for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The transcript has been uploaded on the website of the Company within the prescribed timeline  
and can be accessed at the following weblink:  https://www.sanathan.com/investor-relations/financial-
performance  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sanathan Textiles Limited  
 
 
Jude Patrick Dsouza 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Sanathan Textiles Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call” 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARESH DATTANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SANATHAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
 MR. SAMMIR DATTANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
SANATHAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SANATHAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
MR. JUDE DSOUZA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – SANATHAN TEXTILES 
LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day , and welcome to the Sanathan Textiles Limited Q3 FY  '26 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touch-tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jude Dsouza. Thank you, and over to you.  
Jude Dsouza: Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is my privilege to welcome you all to the 
earnings conference call of Sanathan Textiles Limited for the third quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2025.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during this call, 
including comments on our outlook, expectations, and future plans, may be forward -looking in 
nature. These statements are based on management's current assumpti ons and assessments and 
are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results may , therefore, differ materially 
from those expressed or implied during the discussion.  
Joining us today are Mr. Paresh Dattani, the Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sammir 
Dattani, the Executive Director; and Mr. Sanjay Shah, the Chief Financial Officer. The call is 
being recorded and a transcript will be available on our website post this discussion.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Paresh Dattani, the Chairman and Managing Director, to share 
his opening remarks.  
Paresh Dattani: Thank you, Jude, and a very good evening to everyone. It is a pleasure to connect with all of you 
as we share our progress for Q3 and the first nine months of FY  '26. Before getting into our 
operational and financial performance, I want to briefly set the context on the broader industry 
landscape, which I believe is shaping up to be quite favorable for the Indian textile sector.  
Q3 FY '26 was a challenging quarter for the industry, marked by volatility across global trade, 
regulatory changes, and shift in demand dynamics. Despite this backdrop, Sanathan Textiles 
delivered consistent operational performance, underscoring the resilience of  our integrated 
business model and execution capabilities.  
During the quarter, demand for textile products was impacted by the elevated US tariff, which 
led to reduced orders from certain export -oriented customers, particularly in the end -use 
segments such as home textiles and apparels.  
In addition, the change in GST rates on fabrics from 12% to 5% resulted in a brief period of 
inventory buildup across the value chain, as customers deferred purchases to benefit from the 
revised rate. This was followed by the sudden removal of the BIS QCO requirements in 
November, which created temporary margin pressure for the industry.  
Despite these external headwinds, we were able to fully utilize our installed capacity at our 
Silvassa facility by pivoting decisively towards domestic placement of material. This ability to 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
adapt quickly to evolving regulatory and demand conditions highlights the strength of our 
market positioning and operational agility.  
Encouragingly, the challenges faced during Q3 are largely behind us. Recent developments have 
materially improved sentiments for the textile sector. The settlement of the India-US tariff issue 
is expected to revive export demand and enhance India's competi tiveness, vis-a-vis other 
supplier countries.  
In parallel, the India -EU trade agreement opens new opportunities across fashion -led 
consumption as well as value-added segments such as technical and automotive sectors. At the 
domestic level, the reduction in GST rates on fabrics is likely to support dem and in the coming 
months, while the union budget of 2026 provides a reassuring and forward -looking outlook for 
the textile sector.  
The government's emphasis on technical textiles aligns well with our long -term strategy, 
creating a favorable backdrop for sustained growth. Against this external and policy 
environment, our strategic priorities remain clear ; scaling capacity in a disciplined manner, 
expanding our technical textile footprint, and strengthening our integrated yarn portfolio to drive 
long-term value creation.  
I will now hand over to Sammir to walk you through the operational performance. Thank you.  
Sammir Dattani: Thank you, Chairman. Good evening, everyone. I will briefly take you through the operational 
progress across our manufacturing facilities. The Silvassa facility. Our Silvassa plant continued 
to operate at optimum capacity utilization throughout the quarter, generating stable revenues 
despite the volatile industry environment.  
The facility remains a critical anchor for our operations, supported by strong execution, product 
flexibility, and the ability to redirect volumes towards domestic markets when required. I am 
happy to share that we have progressed well on our technical tex tile yarn expansion at Silvassa 
as well. This expansion will double our installed capacity from 9,000 metric tons per annum to 
18,000 metric tons per annum in Q1 FY  '27, strengthening our presence in the high -value 
technical textile and supporting long-term margin improvement. 
 The Punjab facility: Our greenfield Punjab facility continues its scale-up during Q3 FY '26. We 
had commenced our plant operations with a polymerization capacity at 350 metric tons per day 
during the quarter. We increased this capacity by 25%, reaching 450 metric tons per day. 
Importantly, the incremental volumes were successfully placed with existing and new customers 
in the North India textile market without any inventory build -up. This scale-up resulted in the 
Punjab facility achieving EBITDA positive performance for the quarter. 
 As of today, the production has reached approximately 575 metric tons per day and we remain 
on track to achieving Phase 1 polymerization capacity of 700 metric tons per day by the end of 
Q4 FY '26. As highlighted earlier, the ramp-up phase involved certain one-time costs, including 
capacity scale-up expenses of approximately INR3.5 crores during the quarter, lower than the 
commissioning cost incurred in Q2. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 As operations stabilize, we expect further efficiency gains to translate into improved margins 
and working capital performance. Following the achievement of the full Phase 1 capacity at 
Punjab, we intend to move towards execution of Phase 2, which will fur ther enhance our 
polymerization capacity from 700 metric tons per day to 950 metric tons per day. In line with 
our growth roadmap, we are expanding our cotton yarn operations in Madhya Pradesh through 
our subsidiary, Sanathan Polycot Private Limited. 
 The state offers a favorable cotton textile ecosystem and we will share further details as the 
project progresses. Overall, the operational challenges are largely behind us. Improving demand 
visibility and capacity coming on stream, we believe that FY  '27 will reflect the full earnings 
potential of our expanded manufacturing base. I will now hand over to Mr. Sanjay Shah, our 
CFO, to take you through the financial performance.  
Sanjay Shah: Thank you, Sammir. Good evening, everyone. I will briefly walk you through the financial 
performance for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. On a standalone basis, 
revenue for Q3 FY  '26 stood at INR768.1 crores, broadly stable on a sequential basis and up 
3.6% year -on-year basis, reflecting consistent operation and full capacity utilization at our 
Silvassa facility despite a volatile industry environment. 
 Standalone normalized EBITDA was INR56 crores with a margin of 7.3%. As disclosed, 
normalized EBITDA excludes the one-time impact of additional gratuity liability under the new 
labour codes of approximately INR2.6 crores. The sequential moderation in margins was largely 
driven by temporary industry factors, including GST -related demand deferral and pricing 
pressure following the removal of BIS and QCO requirements. 
 Standalone PAT for the quarter was INR38.1 crores, representing a margin of 5%. Q3 FY  '26 
consolidated results: On a consolidated basis, revenue increased to INR1078.7 crores, up 31.9% 
quarter-on-quarter, driven by the continued ramp -up of the Punjab facility and along with it 
increased sales volumes. Consolidated normalized EBITDA was INR59.9 crores with a margin 
of 5.6%, while reported EBITDA stood at INR57.2 crores with a margin of 5.3%. 
 Importantly, the Punjab facility achieved EBITDA positive performance during the quarter, 
marking a key milestone in its commissioning journey. The consolidated PAT for Q3 reflects 
higher depreciation and higher finance costs associated with the scale -up t hat happene d at 
Punjab during the quarter. 
 For the nine months ended December 31, 2025, standalone revenue stood at INR2,285 crores 
with normalized EBITDA of INR197.3 crores, maintaining a margin of 8.6%. Standalone PAT 
increased 9.1% year-on-year to INR135.9 crores. On a consolidated basis, nine months FY  '26 
revenues were INR2,642 crores, up 16.6% year-on-year with normalized EBITDA of INR192.6 
crores and PAT of INR55.8 crores. 
 During the quarter, we incurred one-time cost of approximately INR2.7 crores relating to labour 
code linked gratuity provisions and INR3.5 crores towards capacity scale -up at the Punjab 
facility. As Punjab moves closer to the full Phase 1 capacity by the end of Q4 FY '26, fixed cost 
absorption is expected to improve, supporting margin expansion and a return to positive 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
consolidated profitability. With improving demand visibility, FY  '27 should reflect the 
normalized earning potential of our existing Silvassa facility along  with the advantage of the 
incremental manufacturing capacity at Punjab.  
Jude Dsouza: Thank you, Sanjay. We are now open for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the first question from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Hello. Yes. Thank you so much for this opportunity. So, sir, just wanted to understand in the 
P&L for Q3, I mean, is it possible to help us understand exactly how much impact did you have 
on the top line and profitability because of the tariff situation? 
 Because I think a decent amount of our top line was to customers who export. So one is that, 
and any other factors, I think there would be upfront costs or maybe before the commissioning, 
there would be employee costs and other costs that would have come for the Punjab facility. So 
in case you can help us to understand the P&L properly, what led to the drop in profitability and 
how much of that would be a non-recurring one? 
 And where are we going from Q4 onwards in terms of sales and profitability? A journey if you 
could help us understand till FY '27 how we should visualize it? 
Management: Yes. Good evening. Let me take this up with the way that the costs, as you rightly pointed out, 
a lot of our fixed costs or majority of our fixed costs have already been taken on in Punjab. And 
due to that, because of the scaling up being a slightly delayed, we are not able to utilize, we are 
at the moment utilizing about 60 %-65% of the facility. Which will be ramped up in the last 
quarter. 
 Once we have gone through that journey, yes, we can see the full impact of that. And all the 
costs, including the fixed costs, the depreciation, the interest, all after that, we will be EBITDA 
and PAT positive going ahead in the first quarter itself. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. And on the first part, how much of the sales were affected by the tariff situation, you said? 
Management: Yes, as we have said earlier, our indirect exports is about 25% and we have said about 5% to 7% 
of that is to the US. So yes, there was some impact. And more so because most of these customers 
were high-end value purchasers. So we had to divert because the entire volume was not coming 
from them, we had to move to the local market and domestic market where more of the 
commodity play was there, which impacted our margins in a certain way to some extent.  
However, we are now back to normal operations, and we expect the April–June quarter to remain 
stable. We anticipate that in FY27, performance at both the EBITDA and PAT levels will return 
to normalised levels. 
Aashish Upganlawar: So sir, was there any other factor that affected the margins because first two quarters we were 
around I think 9% plus if I can see the numbers. And then we have dropped to I think last quarter 
below 8% and now around 5.5%. So where do we go from here on the margins? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Management: The 5.5% is on a consolidated basis you're talking about, it's 7 points, I mean, the consol basis 
because of the Punjab facility which is not ramped up fully which I explained earlier. Coming 
to the standalone point of view, as I explained, one was this, the other  impact was the QCO, 
when the QCOs were removed post the GST. So once the GST was reduced, there was a halt by 
customer buying because of the confusion over the implementation of the new GST regime. 
 And following that, when the QCO BIS was removed, then of course there was a pressure on 
everything that we held back on the inventory and so we lost something there. And net to net, as 
I've always mentioned, the QCO will not be a negative impact on us bec ause our raw material 
also will come without the QCO. 
 But the impact on our product comes immediately. On the raw material, we can now see it in 
this quarter coming. We are getting cheaper raw material now in this quarter onwards.  
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay, okay. And operationally you're not seeing any challenges to basically take up the Punjab 
facility to 100%. I mean it's a ready acceptance by the customers as you explained in the past 
call. 
Management: Yes, we don't have any challenges there. Yes, some delay on some equipment was there but the 
vendors have set it right and we are on our way to getting full productivity in the last quarter. 
There is no challenge on that. As far as placement of material, it has not been a challenge at all. 
As I told, mentioned earlier, what we are setting up there is hardly 20 -25% of what is already 
consumed there. 
 So we have our own customer base as well as new customer base which are keen to join us as a 
supply person. So we don't see a challenge as far as that is concerned. 
Aashish Upganlawar: So what would be the guidance for FY '27 on the sales side? 
Management: Yes, so FY '27, with everything put together, we will be looking at a top line of close to 5,700 
and a double-digit EBITDA on that. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harsh Mittal from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. 
Harsh Mittal: So, firstly, congratulations for achieving an EBITDA positive on the Sanathan PolyCot business. 
My first question is on the spreads, the yarn spreads. So, how has been the trend in January 
compared to December? Has it improved or is it flat? Any color on that, sir? 
Management: You're talking about January compared to December, Harsh? 
Harsh Mittal: Yes, yes. 
Management: Yes, so January spreads have improved. And two things will impact as far as we are concerned, 
two things will come into play for this quarter. One is yes, the spreads have improved compared 
to December, January spreads have improved across the verticals and w ith the enhancement of 
the capacity to 700 tons in Punjab over this quarter. So definitely we'll have a much better quarter 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
and we should be I mean, we were PAT -- we are expecting our PAT to be also better on a consol 
basis as well as EBITDA levels is also better than the previous quarter. 
Harsh Mittal: Sir, second question, so in terms of expansion guidance, so are we sticking to our earlier 
guidance of commissioning the Phase 2 at Punjab in next quarter for FY '27 and the cotton plant 
in Madhya Pradesh in quarter 1 FY  '28? This is roughly the same thing. So are we sticking to 
that guidance, sir? 
Management: No, for the second phase, yes, FY '28 we will be fully operational for the second phase of Punjab. 
As far as the Madhya Pradesh is concerned, we will start commence work there post the 
monsoons this year because we have just got the allotment of land and we have taken the control 
of that, b ut once the levelling and everything sets in and by the time we get down to ground 
levels, it will be post monsoons. So we will be there up and running probably second half of FY 
'28 for the MP. 
Harsh Mittal: Second half of FY '28 for the cotton plant and first quarter FY '28 for the Phase 2. Is this correct?  
Management: That's right. Okay.  
Harsh Mittal: Yes. The third question is, so have the incentives started flowing in for the Punjab plant? And if 
it is so, then what is the number for this quarter? 
Management: Come again, I didn't follow that question. 
Harsh Mittal: So my question is that have the incentives started flowing in for the Sanathan PolyCot business 
and if it is so, then what is the number for this quarter? Incentive run rate for quarter 3? 
Management: No, the incentives, see we have there is a process there when we applied for it, they have vetted 
all the numbers and all the investment numbers and then we have got a certificate regarding the 
confirmation of the incentives. As far as actually flowing it in, yes, it's set to flow in this quarter.  
Harsh Mittal: Also, the fourth question being, what is the current net -debt and what is the foreign currency 
exposure to that? Net debt as on December '25? 
Management: Yes. The net debt at consolidated level was close to INR1,300 crores. And the foreign debt was 
close to 50 million euros. But the entire foreign debt which is in Euros has been hedged for the 
entire period of the debt, which is 10 years. 
Harsh Mittal: Okay. Sir, last question for the evening is that , what is our current EU exposure and with EU 
FTA now in place, how do you see this panning out in medium term? 
Management: For the EU trade pack? 
Harsh Mittal: Yes, sir. Yes. 
Management: See my personal view is that the US tariff deals that we have had is going to have an impact 
immediately, but I think it will all start reflecting in end of first quarter FY '27 and as far as the 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
EU is concerned, I think it will still take us a few months post that before we can see the 
reflection of that.  
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. 
Sanjay Manyal: Hi, sir. Just have few questions regarding the impact of QCO which had probably significant 
impact during the quarter on margins or spreads this quarter. How you see Q4 will be? Will we 
be able to achieve Q2 kind of spreads or it will still be lower than that? 
Management: No, you're right. In the third quarter, yes, the QCO did impact because as I mentioned, there 
were a following thing post the GST reduction which held up movement of material and then 
immediately after that came the QCO removal. So there was a bit of a cha llenge there, but we 
have overcome that and our finished products the impact of the QCO was reflected immediately. 
Whereas the raw material which also comes lower post the QCO is impacted slowly, which I 
said we'll get the full advantage in this quarter co ming up. So definitely we will see a better 
number this quarter going forward and we will be like the Q2 numbers.  
Sanjay Manyal: Okay, sir. Sir, secondly on the cotton yarn front, what I am hearing from a lot of other players 
that margin or spreads in cotton yarn are improving. I believe there will be significant demand 
drivers also at the end of the year. What is your view on that and does this can  -- we say that if 
the cotton spreads really improves that simultaneously polyester spreads also sort of improves, 
means both go in tandem I believe?  
Management: Yes, you're right. The cotton spreads have improved and we personally feel that yes, it's on a 
good wicket and it's going to move up further. The raw cotton prices are also more or less stable, 
so that's also helping the cause. And yes, more or less every time the cotton moves up, the 
polyester responds a little late, but it follows the track. So we expect that's why we expect from 
first quarter onwards, even the polyester margins will be improved, the gross margins will 
improve there too.  
Sanjay Manyal: Right, sir. And one last on your technical textile capex. I believe you've mentioned that again 
from Q1 only this capacity will be commissioned, so again the impact on the revenue fully will 
come in Q2 or will it take time to ramp up?  
Management: No, it's won't take us time because everything will be commissioned at one go, unlike the Punjab 
facility which is large and it goes in phases. Here, it's not that big a capacity, we are going from 
9,000 to 18,000, we are doubling, yes, but we will be comm issioning the entire facility at one 
go. So there won't be any ramp-up challenges like delaying the thing. Yes, we will commission 
first quarter FY '27. So we may get about half a quarter  revenue in that quarter, but the rest of 
the year we'll get full revenue from that.  
Sanjay Manyal: Right, sir. Thank you very much, sir and all the best for the future quarters.  
Moderator: We have the next question from the line of Tanishk from Antique Stock Broking. Please go 
ahead.  
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Tanishk: Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the DGTR's initiation on anti -dumping 
probe around PTY imports from China. Are such dumping pressures still affecting the industry? 
And separately, what has been the blended realization impact on your portfolio on the polyester 
yarn post the removal of QCOs and whether the prices remain at similar levels or there has been 
some improvement or downward risk?  
Management: No – can just repeat that question of the anti-dumping part? I didn't understand it just repeat that 
please? 
Tanishk: There was news article regarding the DGTR's initiation on anti -dumping probe around PTY 
imports from China. So is this dumping still affecting the industry?  
Management: No, it will only help us if it comes through. But I think there are still investigations on and we 
are yet to see the result of that. But having said that, in today's condition, hardly anything is 
coming there. Yes, initially when the QCO was removed, a lot of material, a cheaper material 
did flow in from China, which impacted our pricing, yes. And the pr ices dropped by almost 
about 10%, 12%. But having said that, post that almost 50% of that we have recovered back and 
we are on a way to get there.  
Tanishk: So current prices are down around 6% to 7%? 
Management: One more thing t hat impact was only on the FDY yarn because on DTY as such there was no 
QCO even before that.  
Tanishk: Okay, understood. And so the current prices are currently at similar levels or there has been 
some increase?  
Management: No, after the QCO came in, the DTY prices remained there and it had been stable there. The 
FDY prices did drop once the QCO were removed, but post that there has been an improvement 
on the pricing again. But having said that, the raw material has also dropped following the QCO 
removal because earlier because of QCO, it was nothing was coming in from China. Now raw 
material is also flowing in from China. And that impact we will see in the first quarter again.  
Tanishk: Okay, so on the gross margin side, so we can see 31% around 30%, 31% of gross margins in 4Q 
and going forward quarters? 
Management: Yes, we are looking at that. 
Tanishk: Okay, understood. And last question, what will be the EBITDA we are looking for in 4Q for 
consolidated EBITDA and revenue?  
Management: No, come again?  
Tanishk: Consolidated EBITDA and revenue for 4Q? 
Management: For Q4 you're talking about?  
Tanishk: Yes, 4Q FY '26.  
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Management: Q4, we are looking at anything between INR90 crores to INR100 crores consolidated EBITDA.  
Tanishk: Okay, INR90 crores to INR100 crores? 
Management: Yes.  
Tanishk: Okay and revenue?  
Management: INR1,200 top line.  
Tanishk: Okay, understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of  Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital,. 
Please go ahead.  
Darshil Pandya: Hello. Hi, sir. Good evening.  
Management: Good evening.  
Darshil Pandya: Sir, my first question would be with regards to the interest and depreciation that we see, I 
understand with the new capacity that has gone live we have seen this depreciation going up. 
What would be the usual run rate for next financial year for the inter est and depreciation? Will 
this be the same of what we are seeing in this quarter?  
Management: Yes, similar to this quarter.  
Darshil Pandya: Yes that goes to around INR130 crores, INR140 odd crores of interest cost for next year? 
Management: Right.  
Darshil Pandya: But sir, weren't we guiding for INR80 crores, INR90 crores?  
Management: It will be slightly on the lower side on account of repayments which are scheduled during the 
course of the year.  
Darshil Pandya: Because as far as I remember, we were talking about INR80 crores to INR90 crores some kind 
of figures in the last quarter? 
Management: No, you are asking on a console basis, you're asking for Punjab facility? 
Darshil Pandya: No, I am asking on the console basis, sir? 
Management: Okay, see, when I say interest, it also includes the hedgin g premium which we need to pay so 
that -- that would be approximately INR17-odd crores in the following year.  
Darshil Pandya: Okay. 17-odd crores. Understood. And sir, what is the working capital for this 9 months, where 
are we? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Management: See, the working capital is c lose to 1.6 for the standalone as the requirements of the Poly cot 
plant at Punjab are very negligible.  
Darshil Pandya: And just a suggestion from our side just to understand. Sir, since our promoter holding is at 78% 
odd and we are going for some capacity expansion ahead. So will are we do we have any plans 
to, bring it to the minimum public shareholding and then, deploy that money back in the 
company? Do we have such plans? 
Management: So as per the SEBI regulation, we have to bring it down to 75%, but we have some time on that, 
so we will look at it as we go across the journey. 
Darshil Pandya: Understood, understood. Sir, one final question on this. Since you were talking about INR90 
crores to INR100 crores EBITDA, that translates to around 7 %-8% of margin that we see. But 
with from for FY  '27 specifically I just wanted to understand, do we see this room coming to 
around again 9%-10% EBITDA margins again? 
Management: No, as I said, we are looking at a top line of about 5,700 for FY '27 with a double-digit EBITDA 
on a consolidated basis. 
Darshil Pandya: Okay, understood. I'll fall back in the queue. Thank you so much for your time. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chaitanya Doshi from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Sir, I have a question regarding capex. So what is the total capex incurred for like 9,000 MTPA 
technical textiles expansion at the Silvassa plant? And how has this been funded? 
Management: Yes, it's about INR80-odd crores for the expansion at Silvassa. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Okay. And how is this been funded, sir? 
Management: Through internal accruals. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Internal accruals. Okay. And sir, would this be like this INR80 crores will be have an impact on 
capex -- on the finance cost going forward? 
Management: Since it is internal funded, no, I don't think it would have any impact. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Okay. And sir, on the raw material cost during the quarter, has PET and MEG price movements 
been the primary contributors? The fluctuation of the prices or somethi ng like that has been 
impacted? 
Management: Yes, you're absolutely right, the PET and MEG, the fluctuation was as much as about 10% from 
the bottom to the top. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Okay. And can we expect it to normalize in the coming quarters? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Management: Yes, it's already stabilizing now and I see that by the end of this quarter it'll be absolutely steady 
to downwards. I mean, yes, we don't see raw material moving in a very big segment going 
forward. 
Chaitanya Doshi: So we can expect a gross margin at anything around 31%-odd in the coming quarters? 
Management: That's right. 
Chaitanya Doshi: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Management: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shruti Seth, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Shruti Seth: I just wanted to understand a few things. So, could you help me with the segment-wise breakup 
for the Q3 revenue and in terms of and also what has led to the impact on the EBITDA margin 
front? That's my first question. 
 Second, I also wanted to understand, if you could, share some more color on the Punjab facility, 
in terms of the capex and how the capacity is expected to ramp up. And lastly any guidance for 
the full year of '26 and '27? 
Management: I will take it up this way first I'll answer your question about the Punjab facility. We as we 
mentioned, we are going to be at about 700 TPD per day, that's 700 tons per day by the end of 
this quarter. 
 Going forward, by the end of FY  '27, we will be at 900 -odd tons per day. And the investment 
for that expansion is not very large because most of the work for that part of the journey has 
been done along with this. So it's only a small capex maybe about INR150 crores or INR125 
crores to INR150 crores which will add up to adding that additional 200-odd tons per day. 
 So that's as far as going ahead and yes, we will be operating that 700-tons from FY -- first quarter 
FY '26 through the year, FY '27, sorry. So that was one part of the Punjab. The other part of the 
question can you just repeat that again, please? 
Shruti Seth: I also wanted to understand the guidance for FY '27? 
Management: Yes, so FY '27 as mentioned earlier on a consolidated basis as at a company level, we will we 
are expecting to do an top line of 5,700 with a double-digit EBITDA. 
Shruti Seth: Okay, got it. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities . 
Please go ahead. 
Aradhana Jain: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Most of the questions have been answered. Just a couple of 
more things to understand. One, in the Punjab facility, the customers that we are catering to, is 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
it fair to assume that majority of those customers are the newly added customers or is there some 
bit that's flowing from the transition that's happening from the Silvassa f acility to the Punjab 
facility? 
Management: Yes, we have added a lot many new customers. Yes, a few of our customers who were buying 
from us from Silvassa have also been I have also moved to Punjab. And thus here we are also 
tweaking our product portfolio and moving as we planned earlier that once we commission that 
fully, a portion of the material that was going from here to the North will be placed in the West 
and on the export market. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. And are we facing any operational challenges in the Punjab region given that it's a 
new region for us and it's the first full quarter where we would have serviced through that region? 
So any operational challenges that we would be facing? 
Management: No, I mean as far as setting it up, yes, the usual challenges of setting up such a big project which 
would have been at any other part of the country, but on the operational side, we are not facing 
any issues at all there. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. Secondly on the raw material side, correct me if I'm wrong on the consolidated 
level around 50%-55% of our raw material sourcing happens from foreign and the rest comes 
from the domestic sourcing, right? 
Management: No, you are slightly wrong over there. On the Silvassa plant, 50% of our raw material comes 
from abroad, yes, at the moment. In the Punjab facility, our entire raw material, the both PET 
and MEG are coming from the Panipat Refinery of Indian Oil. As we had planned. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. Understood. Yes, so that is why I mean I was asking from a consolidated basis and 
then I was going to move to Punjab… 
Management: So on Punjab we are getting it from Indian Oil. Here we are 50% on imported and 50% domestic. 
Once the GAIL facility starts probably by the end of April -May, we will maybe reduce our 
dependence on imported even more and come more to domestic. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. And if I were to see your gross margins, like if we see how the, yarn spreads have 
moved in the last quarter, there was a decline both on a Q-o-Q and a Y-o-Y basis, if I just track 
the yarn spread. So, how much of that typically impacts us? And is it the right metric to track if 
we were to consider the gross margin trends? 
Management: Yes, in a way it's the right metric s. Yes, you're right. But having said that, I always have 
mentioned that this is not industry where we can track on a quarterly basis. Yes, a 6-month to a 
12-month window is the right way to look at us. And that's why whenever we give indication 
we always say like FY '27. Well, we are on course and we aim to do a double-digit EBITDA for 
FY '27. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. Just two more questions. One, could you just help me understand what has been the 
realization for the technical textiles front and the cotton side in 3Q, per kg? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Management: I don't have the exact EBITDA breakup, if that's what your question is. I can approximately give 
you a revenue breakup on that. 
Aradhana Jain: Sure. 
Management: So, effectively on our Silvassa facility of where the top line is close to INR3,000 crores, we do 
about 400 and odd crores revenue comes from the cotton side and about 100  and odd crores 
comes from the technical textiles and the balance comes from the filament yarn. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. 
Management: For the Punjab facility, it's all from the filament yarn. 
Aradhana Jain: Right. And just lastly on the inverted duty structure , given that the yarn PFY rates have been 
reduced. So is there any again operational challenges from working capital perspective that  we 
would be facing because of that? 
Management: Yes, I mean there are no challenges. Except that yes, we have a larger blockage of funds because 
of the larger inversion. Earlier we had an inversion from 18 to 12. Now we have an inversion 
from 18 to 5, so there's a little more money blocked. But having said that, the government is also 
working and we are seeing that results that the refund of the inversion will be coming to us faster 
than it was coming earlier. But yes, there will be a little more working capital blocked on that.  
Aradhana Jain: Understood. And by when do we expect the capacity utilization which currently for Punjab is at 
around 60%-65% like you rightly highlighted, to reach to closer to the 100% level? Is it fair to 
assume like in the next 6 months we'll be there? 
Management: No, 100% level means Phase 1, right, which is 700 tons per day? 
Aradhana Jain: Yes. 
Management: Yes. So that we will be there before the end of this quarter. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood. Understood. Yes. And lastly on the capex side, given that most of our capex is 
already done with, fair to assume that for the next year, if we were to build in capex numbers, it 
should be mostly around the maintenance capex and a bit of the Phase 2? 
Management: No, what we need on the Phase 2 nothing on the maintenance side. What we need for the second 
phase because we have got our utility, our buildings, our infrastructure everything in place, the 
automation everything, the warehousing everything is done for the entire two phases. What we 
need for the next phase is just a few spinning lines and a few DTY machines. 
Aradhana Jain: Sure, sir. Basically I was asking that from an overall company perspective for FY  '27, major 
capex will be towards the overall maintenance side, right , including the Silvassa plant? You're 
not going to expend too much on the incremental capex for any new land or machinery or 
anything? 
Management: No, on the Punjab facility you're asking? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Aradhana Jain: Overall I said, sir. Overall. 
Management: Overall, what we will be spending on -- not on the maintenance, but what we will be spending 
now will be about INR100-odd crores for the second phase at Punjab and we will be doing 
spending about 400 and odd crores at the cotton facility for Madhya Pradesh. Which will be 
done over gradually over the period of time , and we will be moving and seeing our cash flows 
accordingly we will be moving on that subject. 
Aradhana Jain: And the cotton facility will flow into our revenue numbers from FY  '28 or we expect some bit 
to start? 
Management: No, we will commission , we aim to commission that when the numbers will hit in the second 
half of FY '28. 
Aradhana Jain: Understood, understood. This was really helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Paresh Dattani for closing comments. 
Paresh Dattani: Thank you. As we look ahead, our confidence is anchored in three key pillars. First, disciplined 
execution. Over the past few quarters we have demonstrated our ability to scale operations 
responsibly,  manage commissioning complexities and adapt quickly to changing market and 
regulatory conditions. 
The stabilization of our Punjab facility, continued optim al operations at Silvassa, and steady 
progress on our technical textile expansion , reflects a strong operational foundation built on 
process discipline and execution focus. 
Second, improving external tailwinds. The resolution of the India -US tariff issue, the opening 
of opportunities under the India-EU trade agreement, supportive domestic policy measures and 
the rationalization of GST on fabrics collectively improve demand vi sibility and restore 
confidence across the textile value chain. These developments are expected to support both 
domestic and export -oriented demand and create a more predictable operating environment 
going forward. 
Third, a clear and well -defined strategic roadmap. Our growth strategy remains centered  on 
strengthening our integrated yarn platform, expanding into higher value -added segments and 
scaling capacity in a phased and capital -efficient manner. With Phase 1 of Punjab nearing 
completion, visibility is on Phase 2, expansion of technical textile yarn capacity at Silvassa and 
the upcoming cotton yarn project in Madhya Pradesh. 
We believe we are well-positioned to drive sustainable and profitable growth. Importantly , our 
focus remains on long -term value creation through operational excellence, prudent capital 
allocation and a strong balance sheet management. I would like to take this opportunity to 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Sanathan Textiles Limited 
  February 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
sincerely thank our employees across all locations for their dedication and resilience, particularly 
during a period of industry volatility and operational scale-up. 
I also extend my gratitude to our shareholders, customers, lenders and business partners for their 
continued trust and support as we execute the next phase of our growth journey. Thank you for 
your time and participation today. We'll be happy to see you again. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Sanathan Textiles Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 