SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/SANGAMIND-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 15


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
SANGAM (INDIA) LIMITED 
 CIN : L17118RJ 1984PLC 003173 
 
 E - mail : secretarial@sangamgroup.com 
 Website : www.sangamgroup.com I Ph : +91-1482-245400-06 
 
 
Registered Office : Sangam House, Atun, Chittorgarh Road, Bhilwara - 311001 (Raj.) INDIA 
 
Ref: SIL/SEC/2025-26 
Date: 14th November, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip ID: SANGAMIND 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 514234 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of earnings conference call with Analyst / Investor held on 11th 
November, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
earnings conference call with Analysts / Investors held on 11th November, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.sangamgroup.com  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sangam (India) Limited 
 
 
 
(Arjun Agal) 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Sangam India Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. ANURAG SONI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SANGAM 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  M S. GARIMA SINGLA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sangam India Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors LLP. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Garima Singla from Go India Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Garima Singla: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Garima Singla, and it's my pleasure to welcome you 
on behalf of Sangam India Limited. Thank you for joining us today for the quarter 2 financial 
year '26 earnings call. This call is being hosted by Go India Advisors. Please note that today's 
discussion may include certain forward-looking statements. Therefore, they must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 Today on the call, we are joined by Mr. Anurag Soni, the Managing Director. I now invite Mr. 
Anurag Soni to present the company's business outlook and performance, after which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anurag Soni: Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to Sangam India Limited's Quarter 2 FY '26 
Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in the company. 
Our results and earnings presentations have been uploaded on the exchanges, and I hope you've 
had the opportunity to go through them. 
 The second quarter reflects a steady progress and operational discipline as we continue to 
strengthen Sangam's foundation across all businesses. Even in a mixed external environment, 
we have seen healthy demand in our key segments, supported by our integrated model and focus 
on efficiency. 
 In quarter 2, our revenue stood at INR785 crores, reflecting a 16% year-on-year growth, driven 
by higher volumes and an improved product mix. EBITDA has increased by 32% year-on-year 
to INR76 crores, with margins expanding by 120 basis points to 9.6%, underscoring improved 
cost control, operational efficiencies and better realizations. Net profit for the quarter was INR23 
crores, reflecting the strength of our operating performance. 
 During the quarter, the Board has also approved a revision in the company's depreciation policy 
to align the estimated useful lives of assets with the actual economic life and industry 
benchmarks. This change is supported by an independent technical evaluation and provides a 
fairer representation of our profitability without any impact on cash flows. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 Looking ahead, our focus remains on building a stronger, more efficient and profitable business. 
We are taking measured steps to enhance productivity, reduce costs and maximize the share of 
high-margin and profitable products across our portfolio. 
 At the same time, we continue to strengthen our sustainability framework by improving energy 
efficiency, expanding renewable sourcing of energy and increasing the use of recycled materials 
in manufacturing. These efforts are aimed to -- at improving long-term profitability while 
ensuring that growth remains responsible and value accretive for all stakeholders. 
 With that, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for your questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent 
Investments. 
Raman KV: Yes. So, my first question is, I just want to understand in the opening commentary, you 
mentioned the 2 things. One was the growth was led by higher volume growth as well as better 
product mix. Can you elaborate the second part of it, better product mix in terms of how the 
product mix helped in revenue growth? Second is, can you also throw light on the realization, 
which during the quarter, which helped in margin expansion? 
Anurag Soni: Thank you for your question. So the company actually gone through extensive capex cycle over 
the last couple of years, and we've kind of completed at the end of that cycle. So all the capacities 
are up and running as on date. So that has enabled us on the volume growth. And also, if you -- 
on our presentation, you will see that capacity utilizations have gone up across all our verticals. 
So that is actually enabling us on the growth for the sales. 
 And as far as the product mix is concerned, that is a continuous process. We are always looking 
for producing those products, which are yielding higher margins and maybe producing those 
products lesser, which are not so profitable. So that is a continuous process. There's nothing that 
I have to add on that, any particular product that is leading to this. It is the overall business and 
across all the verticals, we are working on the product mix that is enabling these -- the growth. 
Raman KV: And sir, with respect to the realizations? 
Anurag Soni: So, realizations, I think again, if you see the -- on a quarterly basis, the prices of our key raw 
materials or even, for example, cotton fiber and the yarn side, they've been on a declining trend 
for about 8 to 10 quarters now continuously. So we see that, that has bottomed out. And probably 
there is some uptick on that front. So that's why the realizations are getting better. The -- basically 
the downward cycle has bottomed out. So that's what is enabling better realizations. 
Raman KV: So, you're basically saying the yarn prices have bottomed out? 
Anurag Soni: Yes, that is correct. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Raman KV: So, if you don't mind, can you just give the yarn prices during the quarter, Q2 versus Q1 and the 
cotton prices also? 
Anurag Soni: Just one second-- 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kunjal Agarwal: from Arihant Capital. 
Kunjal Agarwal: Sir, I wanted to ask that for this quarter, the PAT is up for 317% and it looks impressive. But 
how much of this, that is sustainable versus driven by one-offs or base effect? 
Anurag Soni: Thank you very much for your question. So I'll just update on the last question. I was just looking 
at the data on the yarn prices. So about Q1 to Q2, there's about a 2% to 3% increase in the prices. 
That is to answer the question earlier, sorry. 
 Your question regarding the PAT margins. So the current quarter reflects the onetime impact of 
the change in depreciation policy. How sustainable it is going forward? We feel that currently, I 
think if you see our EBITDA margins are expanding over the last 4 quarters, if you see, we are 
growing on the EBITDA margin front. 
 I do feel that even going forward, that should continue. So this onetime gain of depreciation may 
be offset by the growth in EBITDA margin. So we do feel that this is a sustainable number. So 
in the coming -- at least the second half of the year, I do feel that this PAT should be sustained. 
Kunjal Agarwal: Okay. And sir, gross margin, when we see that has also expanded sharply. So how much comes 
from the lower raw material cost versus operating leverage versus the product mix? 
Anurag Soni: See, it's a mix of everything. Gross margin, it's difficult to actually point out that it is due to a 
particular cost coming down or -- because, see, we are consolidating 3 or 4 verticals. That's the 
denim business, the cotton yarn business, PV yarn business, synthetic fabric business. So I would 
say that the margin expansion is an effort of all the factors that the company is working on and 
majorly the capex cycle being completed. 
 So today, our -- the capacity utilization is higher and also all the new machines that we have -- 
the new capex that is coming in the company, I think that is more cost efficient compared to the 
older plant and machinery. So all that is factoring the margin expansion. 
Kunjal Agarwal: Okay. And my last question would be, sir, that the textile division margin has been volatile. So 
how do you see the spread between cotton and blended yarn trending in H2? 
Anurag Soni: I think it has been stable for some time now. As I said that the prices on the downward cycle 
have bottomed out. So I do feel that the margins that we are reporting today, I think that is a 
sustainable number. I think we should see a couple of points going up from here in the coming 
quarters again. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: Yes. Are you seeing any pricing pressure from the Chinese or the Bangladesh suppliers in your 
key export markets? 
Anurag Soni: No, I don't think so. There's -- see, Bangladesh is actually a big market for us. So no, to answer 
your question, on the competition front, no, we don't face any pricing pressure from Bangladesh. 
So we are actually exporting a lot of yarn to -- yarn and our denim fabrics to Bangladesh. That's 
actually one of our customers, not the competitor. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Okay. And what about the American market? How much is your exposure on the American 
market for the total sales? 
Anurag Soni: So American market is probably, I think, about less than 1% of our total sales comes from the 
U.S. market. So -- and we've also put up a slide on our presentation, the investor presentation 
showcasing that we are not -- as a company, we're not very affected by any kind of the tariffs 
from the U.S. markets. 
Deepesh Sancheti: No, not even indirectly because in your clientele, you have Walmart as well as a lot of American 
clients also. So I mean, even the customers whom we are supplying in India and they are giving 
to America, I mean, they are exporting, even that is not affected? 
Anurag Soni: So -- for a lot of these clients, actually goods get shipped via Bangladesh or via a couple of 
African nations. So there, the tariffs are pretty competitive. So to answer your question, for our 
business, we are not really affected by the American market directly or indirectly. 
Deepesh Sancheti: And given the volatile raw cotton scenario, how are you securing consistent quality and pricing? 
Anurag Soni: Well, that is the nature of the business with regards to the cotton pricing movements. So we do 
from time to time when we do feel that the cotton prices are probably low, there is some stocking 
that we do or there's also always some kind of order book always in place. So at best, any kind 
of cycle affects us for maybe a month or 2. 
 Any kind of further movement gets factored in either yarn prices or on the raw material side. So 
at best, I think 30 to 45 days risk is something that we may carry. Otherwise, the prices on the 
either side take care of themselves. 
Deepesh Sancheti: And what is the cost of debt right now? 
Anurag Soni: So the cost of debt it's roughly around 6.75%, below 7%. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Below 7%. Now I was going through your ROE. So ROE is below your cost of debt also. Now 
how do you actually -- because -- so I mean, if you say -- I mean, the ROE is significantly below 
the cost of debt also. So how are we managing the entire aspect? And how -- where do you see 
going forward, what is your target for the ROE to come? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Anurag Soni: See, the ROE is low because the PAT margins have been low for a period of time now. However, 
last couple of quarters, there's an uptick on the absolute EBITDA number. And subsequently, 
PAT has started going up. And we do see that margin to sustain going forward. So I think ROE 
will take care of itself. I don't -- I'm not much worried about the low ROE today. I think that is 
in the past now. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Because even the kind of PAT margins and PAT you have shown is mainly because of the 
depreciation policy being changed. Now going forward, we see the same depreciation policy, so 
your PAT numbers will be similar to what you have shown? 
Anurag Soni: In the current quarter, there is a onetime impact of about, I think, INR9 crores on the PAT from 
the previous quarter. But we -- as I mentioned earlier on the call, I think we do have -- see 
expansion of about up to a couple of points on the EBITDA margins over the next -- in the 
current quarter and then probably the March quarter. So I think the PAT margin will not go down 
from here. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Because historically, your depreciation was always in the range of around INR28 crores to 
INR30 crores, okay. This time, the depreciation has come to around INR10 crores. Your PAT, 
net profit I see is INR23 crores. So if I just do the simple math of INR20 crores being saved on 
your depreciation and that shifting to the PAT to the net profit margin. I mean, then it leaves me 
around at INR3 crores of net profit. Would that be a fair assessment that INR20 crores out of the 
INR23 crores, INR20 crores has actually come from the depreciation? 
Anurag Soni: No, that will not be a fair assessment because we have to factor in the tax impact also on that. 
So if we see this, that see that we have -- I see the tax impact also, then also it will be around 
INR15 crores. 
 So as I mentioned again, that because of the depreciation onetime gain of about INR9 crores 
from the previous quarter, that will not come in the current quarter now. But I do see -- we'll add 
something on the EBITDA, and that will take care of the onetime gain that has come in the 
quarter. So let us say, if our EBITDA is improving by 1%, that adds about INR8 crores to the 
margins again. So we do see at least an expansion possibility of 1% to 2% in the current quarter 
and the next quarter coming in. 
Deepesh Sancheti: Now just my last question actually. What is the reason of changing the depreciation policy? 
Effectively, you're paying more tax. okay? And your cash profit, I mean, it's affecting your cash 
profit rather than keeping it as a depreciation and having more cash into the company, we are 
actually giving that extra cash to the tax department. Just wanted your views on it. 
Anurag Soni: No, as I mentioned in my opening statements, it is just a fairer representation of our profitability, 
and it has 0 cash flow impact because tax calculation from an income tax point of view, 
depreciation calculation is a different calculation versus the calculation on the books of accounts. 
So that difference will remain. So there is no cash outflow on the tax front. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: So currently, there is no additional cash outflow on the tax front? 
Anurag Soni: No, there is nothing on the front. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line with Disha from Sapphire Capital. 
Disha: So sir, you mentioned that all our, like we have been going through an extensive capex cycle  
and since now all our capacities are up and running. So how much revenue growth do you 
forecast for this year? 
Anurag Soni: Yes. I think we have on a run rate of about 16% revenue growth for the half year ended 
September, and that should continue for the full year. And we expect to grow anywhere between 
12% to 15% on the revenue lines. 
Disha: Sorry, sir, couldn't get you. 
Anurag Soni: We do expect to grow about 12% to 15% on the revenue front. 
Disha: And sir, your export share is currently, this quarter is around 37%]. Do we expect this percentage 
of revenue like or this percentage of exports to continue or do we want to increase it further? 
Anurag Soni: See -- if you see our historical data, our exports actually range anywhere between 35% to 40%. 
That is where we have been historically. I think that is the number that will remain in the future. 
I don't see any significant change on that front. 
Disha: Yes. So like around 40% is something that we can expect. 
Anurag Soni: Yes, yes. Absolutely. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nikhil Porwal from Perpetual Capital. 
Nikhil Porwal: My first question is on, so the gross block has -- I mean, you've done an extensive capex moving 
from INR900 crores odd in gross block to almost INR1,800 crores closing FY '25. So in general, 
in terms of capital allocation, what kind of payback do you all expect on this capex? 
Anurag Soni: What kind of payback do we expect on the... 
Nikhil Porwal: Expecting yours. When I'm asking that in terms of years in how many years do you all expect to 
recoup this capex? 
Anurag Soni: So normally, in our industry, whatever capex we do is planned around anywhere between 5 to 7 
years of payback. 
Nikhil Porwal: And in the current presentation, you are reporting 4 divisions. The capacity utilization for 3 of 
them is almost at optimal level or close to full capacity, while garment is the one, where the 
utilization is lower. So how do you plan to scale this up? And are there any further levers for 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
these other divisions, where the growth can come maybe via additional capex or a change in 
product mix? 
Anurag Soni: Right. Thank you. See, our yarn division is basically about 90% plus. I think there is another 
scope of 4%, 5% capacity utilization there. On the fabric front, both denim and the PV fabric 
division, I think there is still scope of about 10%, 15% addition in capacity utilization. 
 On the garment front, if you see the capacity utilization was actually falling prior to this quarter, 
continuously over 4 quarters. This is actually the first quarter, where we have increased our 
utilization. So from 25%, we've gone up to 35%. 
 I think there's a substantial scope of improving the utilization here. And we have a decent order 
book in place today that we have worked upon over the last 6 months. And I do feel that these 
capacity utilization should touch about 60%, 65% maybe by next quarter. 
Nikhil Porwal: Just a general observation. So while the capacity utilization has improved on a Q-on-Q basis, it 
doesn't reflect in the top line. 
Anurag Soni: So on the top line, if you see, I think what might change is on the capacity utilization front, in 
our results, I think that there is a purchase of stock and trade. So last quarter, there is a trading 
income of about close to INR70 crores, and there's a difference of INR50 crores there on the 
trading income in the current quarter. So that does not reflect on the capacity utilization in the 
previous quarter. That's why we see the capacity utilization getting better, but does not reflect 
on the overall revenue. 
Nikhil Porwal: So the like-to-like comparison is probably at INR720-odd crores in Q1 vs 786, right? 
Anurag Soni: Yes. That is correct. Right. 
Nikhil Porwal: One question is also, can you explain a bit about the difference in margin profile of these 4 
divisions and also the asset turn and working capital cycle in all these 4 businesses? Just want 
to understand how can that change over the next few years with higher utilization. 
Anurag Soni: Right. See, I think as far as the margin is concerned, the overall company margin is about 9.5%, 
10% for the quarter, so close to 10%. The range between the different businesses would be 
anywhere between 8% to 12% so on the EBITDA margins. 
 As far as the working capital question is concerned, on the yarn side, the working capital 
involvement is lower. As you move up the chain, both on the inventory side and the receivable 
side, the working capital requirement gets more than the raw material side. So I would say that 
I think about 30 to 45 days of additional working capital is required for the fabric division 
compared to the yarn division. 
Nikhil Porwal: And so the assumption is you are talking about 12% margin, which is primarily in the garment 
division because the rest of them are like a feedstock to it. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Anurag Soni: Right. So you can say that, as I mentioned, that about whatever the company average is, between 
8% to 12% is where all the divisions land. 
Nikhil Porwal: One last question is on -- so export versus domestic split, why does this matter? Is the margin 
profile different for both the -- I mean, for exports, is it higher versus domestic? 
Anurag Soni: That's not necessarily true. I think margins are similar either on the domestic or the export side. 
It is just a representation given in the presentation that this is the export -- this much revenue 
comes from the export. However, for us as a business, it does not really matter. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares PMS. 
Rohit Ohri: Sir, a couple of questions from my side. The first one being the 12-megawatt captive renewable 
power tie-up that we have in Rajasthan, which is expected to be completed soon. What is the 
savings that you expect in rupee terms or maybe on a quarterly basis? 
Anurag Soni: So with this 12 megawatt, the annual projected saving is about INR10 crores. And this is 
supposed to start our power consumption, the delivery will start from the month of December 
itself. 
Rohit Ohri: Anurag, if you can share the current price for electricity that we pay in the state of Rajasthan 
currently? 
Anurag Soni: See currently, with the new tariff in place, I think the tariff is anywhere about INR8.25 to INR8.5 
at least for the grid -- power from the grid. 
Rohit Ohri: The next question is that in this current cycle of maybe 2, 3 years of probably growing textile 
industry, do you think that you will be able to reduce the debt to probably half and give a booster 
to the return ratio, maybe the return on equity, which will happen on its own and the return on 
capital employed? 
Anurag Soni: See, our debt repayments are about INR100 crores and INR120 crores annually. So let us say -- 
you did mention over a 2-year period, right? 
Rohit Ohri: 3 years, yes, that's okay. 
Anurag Soni: Yes. Over a 3-year period, we may be able to reduce debt by about INR350 crores. That is 
assuming that no new capex comes in. We have gone through a heavy extensive capex cycle. So 
there is nothing in plan in the near future. 
 But as you would know that in manufacturing and once capacity utilizations ramp up and 
margins are in place, the only scope of growth that can come in is via further expansions. It is -
- so that is something that the cycle will always remain. However, it will not be as extensive as 
we have incurred in the last couple of years. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 So yes, to answer your question, I would not commit on the 50% debt level from today. However, 
there is no -- not anything major planned at least over the next 12 to 18 months on the capex 
side. We want to first build on what we've already incurred and maximize the profitability on 
that. 
Rohit Ohri: True. So do you think that you will try to reach somewhere like 12% or maybe 14% kind of 
ROCE in next 3 years or so? 
Anurag Soni: Yes. I think ROCE next 3 years, no, that will be a longer time. I think I think probably we may 
be able to reach that number maybe I think, 12 to 18 months' time. 
Rohit Ohri: Secondly, on this completion of the capex, do you think by FY '28, '29, you will reach a top line 
of maybe INR4,000 crores with sustainable margins of maybe 14%, 15% kind of a range -- 
EBITDA margins? 
Anurag Soni: I do feel, I think this year, we are on track to do about INR3,200 crores to INR3,300 crores of 
top line. So I think about 12% to 15% growth annually, that may take us close to the number 
you're mentioning. 
Rohit Ohri: A few more questions that are related to the technology automation, which you mentioned in the 
opening remarks and the smart manufacturing or digital integrations that are happening. So what 
sort of payback period do you expect from these initiatives? And do you anticipate any decrease 
in the employee cost or in the headcount going forward due to automation? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think paybacks, I already mentioned on the capex incurred earlier on -- in the textile 
industry, I think we are looking at paybacks anywhere between 5 to 7 years of time. However, 
any kind of automation and modernization that we may incur going forward. 
 I think we are looking at a shorter time duration now that anything that we pick up would be, 
that's anywhere between 3 to 4 years exactly something that we would probably evaluate. 
However, having said that, there's nothing big on the table as of today. There may be small 
changes here or there that may keep coming up, but nothing major. 
Rohit Ohri: And how much do you intend to spend on this maintenance capex or the upgrades on a yearly 
basis? 
Anurag Soni: I think on a gross block of our size, maybe we may expect anywhere between INR50 crores to 
INR70 crores of modernization capex or maintenance capex as we may put. That is something 
that will keep ongoing. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saransh Gupta from SVAN Investments. 
Saransh Gupta: So I have a few questions. So like our yarn realizations have improved. So is this because of the 
demand or normalization? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Anurag Soni: See, there is not much from the -- if we are talking about any kind of market tailwinds, the 
answer would be no. That there is not much movement from the markets. Whatever 
improvements in the margins have come in is due to the capacity being utilized better at our end. 
Saransh Gupta: Can we expect the optimal utilization to be going ahead? 
Anurag Soni: I think this is a number that we can benchmark what we have done in the current quarter, and 
we'll improve from here. I had mentioned in the call earlier that yarn, I think there's another 
possibility of improving by 3% to 5%. On the fabric and denim side, I think there is still a scope 
of 10% -- 10% to 12% improvement on the utilization. And garment, there's a substantial 
possibility. 
Saransh Gupta: And my second question is that we -- are we getting any hope on the import duty that was -- that 
has been extended till -- one quarter that has been extended till 31st December. Like is there any 
news on that? Or are we getting any news? 
Anurag Soni: No, there is no -- there is no further update on that. So currently, as we stand, the duty is 
exempted until the 31st of December. 
Saransh Gupta: My last question is what is our mix for cotton in the imports and how much do we source locally? 
That's my last question. 
Anurag Soni: See, normally, the share of imports in our consumption is very low. However, for this current 
period of time because the cotton crop comes in actually from October month onwards, the new 
crop. So for currently, we are about 30%, 35% on imported cotton and balance on domestic 
cotton. But historically, majorly what we use is domestic cotton. 
Saransh Gupta: So like historically, what would be the sustainable number like we can look forward? 
Anurag Soni: On consumption of import versus domestic cotton? 
Saransh Gupta: Correct. Correct. 
Anurag Soni: Well, it may remain around the levels today. See, it depends on what kind of product we are 
making. So there is some kind of yarn for that we need cotton to be imported. So this is a dynamic 
number. Hard to say what is it that we can expect. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Meet from Mahavir Enterprise. 
Meet: So my question is on the long-term sustainable margins for our company. So first of all what we 
envisage in terms of sustainable EBITDA margins? And as a long-term shareholder, it is 
important for me to understand how are we going to fund the further capex, if at all, we are going 
to do. I just wanted to understand the terminal value of our company and what the company is 
thinking in terms of long term value. That's my first question. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Anurag Soni: Sorry, what was the last part? Long term? 
Meet: Long-term value for the shareholders. I just wanted to understand the terminal value of our 
company. So how are we envisaging the growth of our company going forward for at least 2 to 
3 years. 
Anurag Soni: So I think what I would say that on the revenue front, I answered this that about 12% to 15% 
growth is something that we can expect over the next couple of years. And on the margin front, 
again, there's a scope of improving about at least a couple of points in the margin. So what we 
are at 10% today, we'll see about improving by to 11% to 12% by maybe in a couple of quarters. 
Meet: And what is the regular capacity utilization for our company to achieve the mentioned turnover 
of INR4,000 crores, which you have already mentioned? 
Anurag Soni: At what utilization levels that will come in? 
Meet: Yes. 
Anurag Soni: That would be about 90% utilization. 
Meet: And sir, with power and fuel costs moderating industry-wide, why haven't we've seen sharper 
improvement in our EBITDA margins. So can you throw some light on that? 
Anurag Soni: So the power costs -- sorry, actually, you were not clearly audible. What I could understand is 
you're asking about reducing power costs and that will... 
Meet: Fuel cost. Fuel cost. How much that will bring to EBITDA margin? 
Anurag Soni: So we are working on going as much renewable as possible. We've already done a captive power 
purchase agreement for about 12 megawatts with a developer that will come in from December. 
And we see annual savings about INR10 crores from that front. There are further work that is 
going on, on this front. 
 And I'll probably have something more to share over the next quarter. The target is to get about 
70%, 75% renewable from about 15%, where we are today. So over the next probably 15 to 18 
months, that is what the company is envisaging. 
Meet: And sir, do you see any pricing pressure from other domestic peers as many companies are 
expanding and doing capex in textile. So how do you see the supply side dominance going 
forward? Do you see any pricing pressure against your peers? 
Anurag Soni: So there was a big capex cycle in textile. Probably I think today, as we speak, there is not much 
capacity getting added. So I think we are well placed on that front. No, I don't see any much 
pressure from our peers on the pricing front. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Meet: And sir, any markdowns or inventory adjustments aimed to simply that could distort current 
quarter profitability? 
Anurag Soni: Nothing substantial. I think this is something that always keeps on going in a business of our 
nature. So there will be some kind of inventory that gets stuck that you have to liquidate at lower 
prices, but no, nothing substantial. 
Meet: And sir, one last question. Do you see any macro, which could negatively affect margins or put 
pressure on our capacity utilization? 
Anurag Soni: No, as on date, I don't -- I don't foresee any such challenges or risk in the near future. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manoj Jethwa from KSA Securities. 
Manoj Jethwa: Sir, my first question is relating to the Europe and U.S. markets. How do you see the rebound in 
both the markets? Any thought process on that, sir, please? 
Anurag Soni: See, U.S. markets currently as an industry -- see, as a company, as I had mentioned earlier that 
we are not much affected by the tariffs. However, as a textile industry, the apparel side, whatever 
business is happening in the U.S. is challenged today because of the tariffs, 50% is a big number. 
So unless there's something happens on that front at the government level, I would say that there 
will be challenges remaining for the textile garment business. 
 However, on the European side, I think business is growing there as far as India is concerned. 
We don't do much garments. So I would not be in a position to actually answer much in detail. 
But I do feel that our buyers, the fabrics or yarns that we are selling to, I think European side, 
they are more hopeful than the U.S. business. 
Manoj Jethwa: Sir, my second question is pertaining to the asset turnover for the new assets, which we have 
added in the recent capex we have done so far. What could be the asset turnover from that? 
Anurag Soni: Asset turnover -- what would that yield to our overall revenue of the company? Is that what 
you're trying to ask? 
Manoj Jethwa: No, no, no. Asset turnover of the new capex, which we have done it, sir. 
Anurag Soni: I don't think that's what you're asking. So asset turnover... I'm not -- I don't have the data ready 
with me. So I'll have to check on that. 
Moderator: Due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's conference. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued engagement with Sangam. We 
appreciate your time and interest in understanding our performance and future directions. As we 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
move forward, our focus will remain on operational excellence, disciplined capital allocation 
and sustainable profitability. 
 We are confident that the actions we are taking today will position Sangam for stronger, more 
stable growth in the years ahead. If there are any further questions, please reach out to our 
Investor Relations partners at Go India Advisors. Thank you once again, and have a great day. 
Moderator: On behalf of Go India Advisors LLP, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 