SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/SANGAMIND-Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 19


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
SANGAM (INDIA) LIMITED 
 CIN : L17118RJ 1984PLC 003173 
 
 E - mail : secretarial@sangamgroup.com 
 Website : www.sangamgroup.com I Ph : +91-1482-245400-06 
 
 
Registered Office : Sangam House, Atun, Chittorgarh Road, Bhilwara - 311001 (Raj.) INDIA 
 
 
 
 
Ref: SIL/SEC/2026-27 
Date: 27th April, 2026 
 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Trading Symbol: SANGAMIND 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 514234 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of earnings conference call with Analyst / Investor held on 23rd 
April, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
earnings conference call with Analysts / Investors held on 23rd April, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.sangamgroup.com  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sangam (India) Limited 
 
 
 
(Arjun Agal) 
Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Sangam India Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANURAG SONI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SANGAM 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  MS. MEHAL GOGIA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sangam India Limited Q4 and 
FY '26 earnings conference call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this  
conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mehal Gogia from Go India Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, Mehal. 
Mehal Gogia: Thank you. Good afternoon, one and all. It's my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of Sangam 
India Limited. Thank you for joining us today for the quarter four and financial year ended 
2026 earnings con call. This call is being hosted by Go India Advisors. Please note that today's 
discussion may include certain forward -looking statements, therefore they must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 Today on the call, we are joined by Mr. Anurag Soni, Managing Director. I now invite Mr. 
Soni to present the company's business and outlook, after which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anurag Soni: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. FY '26 has been a defining year for 
Sangam. We've crossed INR3200 crores in revenue. We more than doubled our PAT to INR83 
crores. Our domestic business remain s strong, and our exports hit an all -time high. And 
perhaps most importantly, every single quarter this year was better than the last. Q1 to Q2 to 
Q3 to Q4, revenue, EBITDA, and PAT all moved in one direction. 
 To put that in perspective, in Q4 alone we delivered INR880 crores in revenue, an EBITDA of 
INR98 crores, and a PAT of INR33 crores. Our quarterly PAT was nearly what we earned for 
the full year in FY '25. That consistency is not accidental. It reflects disciplined execution, 
deeper operational effic iency, and an organization that is generally getting better at what it 
does. 
 These results reflect work that has been building for some time. The last two years were 
demanding for Sangam and for the industry. FY '26 was the year we rebuilt. We stabilized our 
operations, sharpened our execution, and earned back the momentum this business is capable 
of. What you are seeing in these numbers is the result of that work, and we are just getting 
started. 
 This year, we have embraced a simple principle: better tha n before. Every quarter, every 
process, every metric. One question: are we better than last time? That is what you saw play 
out in FY '26, and it is what I am confident you will see play out over the next four quarters as 
well. Our balance sheet is in good  shape. We are carrying roughly INR200 crores in treasury. 
Our working capital cycle improved dramatically from 80 days to 55 days in a single year. 
 Interest coverage is improving. We are maintaining a net debt to equity ratio of about 1.1x, 
ensuring a prudent and stable capital structure. On the energy front, we are doing significant 
work to secure our energy costs through renewable solutions. And this will remain a consistent 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
theme for us going forward. This is a structural reduction in our cost base that will show up in 
our numbers in the coming quarters. 
 Our backward integration into recycled polyester fiber is also a point of quiet pride. We are 
now meeting approximately 50% of our polyester fiber requirement through in-house recycled 
production, proc essing close to 40,000 metric tons of plastic waste annually. This is 
sustainability and cost leadership working together. Across all our segments, we have built a 
deep understanding, each with its own customers, its own dynamics, and its own room to 
grow. 
 Our job is to keep making each of them better. That is what drives us. Last year, we doubled 
our PAT. We aspire to do that again in FY '27. I use the word aspire deliberately, and I mean it 
in that way. What I can say with confidence is that the journey from here has a clear direction. 
We are a manufacturing business, and capacity is the foundation of growth. The investment 
cycle that we undertook to build capacity is now largely behind us, and those assets are 
running at very high utilizations across all our segments. 
 That's a good problem to have, and it tells you where we are in our journey. The next leg of 
growth will require investments and we are preparing for that. We will share more as plans 
mature. Sangam is at an inflection point. The global supply chain is reorienting. Buyers, both 
domestic and international are looking for reliable, integrated and quality manufacturers with 
the scale and credentials to deliver consistently. 
Sangam is exactly that. The opportunity in front of us is significant. And I believe we are well-
positioned to capture it. I want to close by thanking our employees, our customers, our 
partners, and our shareholders. Your trust is something we take seriously . And we intend to 
keep earning it. I am deeply confident in our a bility to keep improving, quarter -after-quarter. 
We are not chasing a single number or a single event. We are building a business that 
compounds. With that, I am happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question comes from the line of Saransh Gupta from Svan Investment. Mr. Gupta, I'm 
sorry, but you're not audible. Mr. Gupta, please proceed ahead with your question. I'm really 
sorry, but your voice is not audible. I request you to please re -join the queue. The next 
question comes from the line of Rehan Syed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Syed: I have a couple of ques tions. First on the export side  that we have seen quarter four that 
exports have reached an all -time high this year. So could you help us understand which 
geographies or customer segments are driving this growth and how sustainable this momentum 
is that we have to look further? This is my first question. 
Anurag Soni: So you said two questions. I think this is -- you asked regarding the exports geography. Is there 
another question? 
Rehan Syed: Yes, I have a two to three more questions. First, so we can go one-by-one or I just have one, I 
can quote all of them together. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: No problem, I can answer this. So, export geographies is quite diversified. So we are exporting 
to I think about 50 plus countries. So we have a very balanced export portfolio. And so we are 
not really heavily dependent on a particular geography as such. So to answer that sustainability 
part, I believe that I think our exports are pretty sustaina ble. And we are seeing a continuous 
uptick there. So every quarter we are improving our export numbers and markets. So yes, it is 
a very sustainable number. 
Rehan Syed: And like if you want to clear more that in which -- from which geography we are getting more 
traction, if you can anything you want to put here? 
Anurag Soni: See, this depends on across segments and products. So like some products, the East side like 
Bangladesh and China are big geographies. On some products, Africa, Egypt, Turkey are a big 
geography. Some products, Latin America, South America are important. So it depends on 
product-to-product. So it's not like there is one particular country where we are heavily 
dependent on. It is across geographies. 
Rehan Syed: Okay. And my second questio n is around your EBITDA margin. Like I want a bit guidance 
that if the company has significantly increased its renewable energy capacity with additional 
solar and hybrid projects. So just you can quo te a ballpark number that by FY '2 7 what 
percentage of total power requirement do you expect to be met through renewable resources 
and how should we think about the full impact on EBITDA margin? 
Anurag Soni: Well, I think see, as far as the renewable solutions are concerned, I think a lot of things are 
under process as we speak. And so currently we are about 10%, 15% of our needs are coming 
from renewable. Probably I think in a year's time, let's say June next year is when we expect 
that about 70% plus of our power will be renewable. So we've also put that in our presentation. 
I think the cumulative benefits to the EBITDA once everything is commissioned would be 
about INR50 to INR60 crores annually. So for all benefits to kick in, it will take about four to 
five quarters from now. 
Rehan Syed: Like you are saying i t will take time to transfer in an EBITDA at least four to five quarters 
going forward, right? 
Anurag Soni: No, because we've taken, undertaken capex somewhere, we've done some PPA somewhere. So 
for everything to commission and come into effect, so currently we are about 15% of our 
power needs are coming from renewable. This will be 70% plus in five quarters from now. So 
every quarter we will have some kind of addition. 
Rehan Syed: Okay. My next question is around the garment segment still contributes a relatively smaller 
portion of revenue despite being a high value-added segment. So what are the key bottlenecks 
in scaling this segment meaningfully goi ng forward? Is there any opportun ity that you are 
evaluating here? 
Anurag Soni: Well, if we see our garment segment, I think operationally we are doing a lot better. We are at 
highest capacity utilizations compared to the last six to eight quarters that so  we are operating 
at better utilization levels. We are almost at 50% now. And we expect that number to further 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
go up. So we have addressed a lot of challenges in t he business over the last year. And I think 
we are in a good space today to further improve on the utilization. 
So both sales have picked up significantly over the last quarter if you see our numbers, it's 
again in our presentation. And the utilization levels have also gone up. I would imagine that 
that would continue happening on the upward side. 
Rehan Syed: Okay. And last one bookkeeping question from my side and then I'll end my question. My last 
question is the company has built a strong integrated model from fibre to garment that we have 
seen. So are there still any gaps in the value chain whe re you would see further backward or 
forward integration that possible if you can evaluate going forward? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks that there will be certain segments where 
we have to improve upon and there will be some investments that we will have to plan. So 
both on the on the backward integration side, there will be things on the  -- so today we are 
about 50% of our polyester comes from in -house production. And 50% we are still buying 
from the market. So we would like to build on that to have better control on costs and raw 
material security. 
Same for our denim fabrics. I think about 50% of our raw material is in -house and about 50% 
is buying from outside.  So we'll probably increase some more capacities there. And on the 
energy side, we have to , the work is already on. So as I mentioned earlier that the question 
when you asked about energy, so that work is on. And then probably to there will be some 
capacity additions that we will do across the segments. 
So a lot of  things are under discussions and planning since you can see our capacity 
utilizations are pretty high. So I don't have anything concrete to say now, but there will be 
something and as and when that comes in, we will we will announce that. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Saransh Gupta from Svan Investment. Mr. Gupta, 
you may unmute and proceed ahead with your question. 
Saransh Gupta: So I had a couple of questions. Basically, I wanted to understand what is going on in the PV 
yarn segment? Like in this quarter, we know that there was some disturbance in the shipments 
that came through. So how have the spreads improved and what are they currently? 
Anurag Soni: Sorry, I think your question like your voice got disturbed in the middle. If I ca n capture the 
question correctly, you asked something about the PV margin, PV yarn margins and how that 
business is going with regards to the current disturbances. Is that correct? 
Saransh Gupta: Correct. And in this quarter or probably in the month of March, how have they moved? In 
terms of volatility? 
Anurag Soni: Right. See, PV yarn side, about majority of our business actually comes from the domestic 
market. About 10%, 15% comes from the export side. So the re was probably some delays in 
shipments. I think 10% or 15% of our exports might have been delayed in March on the 
shipment side and some costs, the freights have also increased. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
However, it's not a material impact on the overall business since that volum e is not very high 
in the region where disturbances are there. So we've had a decent quarter in the on the PV yarn 
side. And even the month of March was very decent. So until now, we are being able to 
manage the situation and things are under control. 
Saransh Gupta: So for the inventory, we are not facing any issues? 
Anurag Soni: No, I think so probably on the inventory side, we might be at a multi -year low. So no, that's 
not a challenge. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay. Do we have sufficient demand in this segment? For the domestic, as you said that 10% 
to 15% comes from the export side. 
Anurag Soni: Yes, there is sufficient demand. There is no challenge there. 
Saransh Gupta: Basically, I wanted to understand how has the customers, like probably how has their mind-set 
changed? Like are they pulling off from the inventory for as of now? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think for the yarn business, why domestic demand is strong and see exports to markets 
like Turkey and in that region, see the costs for production are going up there. So I think in any 
case, like year -on-year, that business will shift towards the domestic side because domestic 
manufacturing is cheap. 
So instead of exporting yarns, we'll probably start exporting fabrics more. So yarn side exports 
is not a very big worry.  And anyway, like by strategy, that number is reducing year -on-year 
anyway. So domestic demand is okay. And since instead of yarn, the shift is more towards 
fabric on the export side. So no, this is not a very big issue. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay. So my second q uestion was, though we have been growing our presence in the 
garmenting segment, but still what do we  need or do we have that will make it reach to 
somewhere around 65% to 70% and by when can we do that? 
Anurag Soni: Sorry your voice got disturbed I could not understand the question could you repeat again? 
Moderator: Mr. Gupta, I am sorry but we are not able to hear you. Yes Mr. Gupta please proceed. 
Saransh Gupta: Yes. Basically, the question was like in the garmenting segment, though we have been growing 
our presence in the garmenting segment, our capacity utilisation is still low.  So, like what do 
we need to make it reach to somewhere around 65 to 70 and by when can we do that? 
Anurag Soni: So I could understand the first part there. I think you were asking about the garment capacity 
utilization has improved. But can you repeat the last line again? Like, what do we need to do 
for? 
Moderator: Mr. Gupta, we are really sorry, but again, we lost you. We are not able to hear you properly. 
Mr. Gupta, you may re-join the queue again. And make sure that you fix the network please. 
Our next question comes from the line of Athar Syed from Smart Sync Services. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Athar Syed: And sorry, sir, if I ask something very basic question because I am very new to this company.  
Sir, I firstly wanted to understand like this time we saw great revenue upside as well as PAT 
growth in our PAT basically. So what is the main reason behind this? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think I would lead -- probably attribute it to two things. One, capacity  utilizations are 
high. So that has led to the volume. And with capacity utilizations and better operational 
efficiencies, PAT has gone up. 
Athar Syed: Okay. And sir, I wanted to know right now our capacity utilization for yarn is 95%, if I am not 
wrong? 
Anurag Soni: Yes, that is correct. 
Athar Syed: So going forward, do we have any capex in pipeline like…? 
Anurag Soni: Yes, so I did mention earlier in my call that there is something, there are discussions that are 
ongoing. So I don't have anything concrete now. As and when we finalize something, we will 
announce that. 
Athar Syed: And do you also have plan how you will finance this through internal accruals or through that 
by preferential issues like…? 
Anurag Soni: See, that is that is a problem to discuss p robably once we are sure what we want to and how 
much we want to in vest into the new capex. But,  as of now, we have no plan for any kind of 
preferential issues. 
Athar Syed: Because I am asking just because as of now we already achieved around 95%. So if we  can 
plan as soon as possible, it would be great. And I wanted to understand, if I am not wrong, this 
time our PAT because this time we saw significant growth in our PAT. So what I understood is 
like because of this US, Iran war, what I understood is the prices of yarn and other cotton and 
all of these prices gone up. 
So those players who have a good inventory pile up or good inventory, they got good benefit. 
That's why some yarn players and other players saw good PAT growth. So if I am not wrong, 
is it cor rect? Like we gain this PAT growth basically mainly because of inventory, like we 
have inventory and we pass on the prices basically high prices, we took a benefit of high 
prices, if I am not wrong. 
Anurag Soni: Well, so first part, due to the war, prices have gone up and they are going up. That is correct. 
However, we are discussing March quarter results. So war actually started probably I think 1st 
of March, 20th of February. And you normally operate on a on an order book of 60 to 75 days 
at any point in time. So no, I would not agree that the current quarter PAT is driven by any 
kind of one-time inventory gains. 
Because you always have an order book as well. And that order book is getting serviced, 
which these are orders that were probab ly booked in Janua ry, February that was pre -war 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
situation. So prices are going up. There is no doubt about that. However, I will not say there is 
any kind of inventory gains that have come into the PAT for the March quarter. 
Athar Syed: Okay. And usually how much? 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Syed, but please re-join the queue for more questions. Our next 
question comes from the line of Rahil S from Sapphire Capital. 
Rahil S: Sir, firstly, with this aspiration you've given, about doubling the PAT again in FY '27 , I'd just 
like to get a flavo ur on what sort of revenue growth are you targeting? And given your 
utilizations are, like at a peak level in almost all your major segments. So what will drive this 
the growth which you are targeting? 
Anurag Soni: Well, I a lso mentioned along with that that yes, this is an aspiration. And we started my  
statement from that we have bettered every quarter in the last year. So if we are continuing on 
that same theme that we have to keep gett ing better every quarter, so it i s a very simple math 
that you just multiply by that number and some kind of gains on the energy cost and some kind 
of gains on the operational efficiencies and it will take you somewhere close to that number. 
Rahil S: So fair to assume a strong mid-teens growth or maybe more in terms of top line in FY '27? 
Anurag Soni: So top line, I think growth will be similar to what we did last year. Again, what we did in Q4 
and at similar capacity utilizations, there will be top line growth. And however, there cannot be 
abnormal growth on the top line because capacity utilizations already in the March quarter are 
high. So probably whatever the March top line is, we probably multiply that by four and some 
kind of inflation because prices are going up. So that there will be so me top line growth for 
sure. 
Rahil S: Okay. So is it fair to say that FY '27 will be a big year for you in terms of your bottom line and 
the margins, whereas top line will be will not be like, you know,  exponential? And then this 
capex, you're expecting to conduct in FY '27, like first half or second half? 
Anurag Soni: See, like again, mentioning that we want to get better every quarter. So we will probably 
celebrate every quarter as and when it comes. Definitely FY '27 should be a good year for us. 
As far as the capex is concerned, we've kind of you k now, come at the back of a big capex  
cycle three years ago. And today we are at high capacity utilizations. So we'll probably take a 
quarter or something to plan further that what we want to do over the next couple of years. 
And then take that into action. So any kind of capex  that we undertake, any kind of financial 
benefits will not come in the coming financial year. It will probably there will be some benefits 
on the on the energy cost side. But any kind of new capex growth, any the benefits for that will 
probably start flowing from next year. Nothing in this year for sure. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Kamal Jeswani from YouFirst Capital. 
Kamal Jeswani: I just wanted to know the margin outlook for the current quarter. If you can give us whether 
we'll be maintaining or growing the margins? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: For the June quarter? Difficult to give a number on that. But I did say that we'll get better from 
the last quarter. So definitely we would like to maintain the margins. And see, very short term, 
very difficult to say anything because with so many uncertainties around in the world. So 
difficult to give an exact number. But yes, I think we should be able to maintain or better our 
margins from the March quarter for sure. 
Kamal Jeswani: And the second question is how we see that there's still some more capacity utilization scope 
left in the garment business. So are we also planning to increase the capacity utilization this 
quarter on the garment s? And what is the second question, second part of the question is 
regarding the brand, our brand C9 brand. What percentage of the total garment capacity is 
coming from the C9 brand and how much is coming from the contract manufacturing? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think we can expect better capacity utilizations going forward as far as the 
manufacturing side is concerned. Now on the on the C9 brand, about 40% to 45% of the 
garment business is contributed by the C9 brand and the balance is contributed by contract 
manufacturing. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares PMS. 
Rohit Ohri: Hi Anurag ji, Congrats on this good execution for the quarter under review as well as the entire 
year. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you very much. 
Rohit Ohri: Sir, I have some questions. Continuing with the export question which earlier participant had . 
Is this due to some sort of temporary order shift or is it because of China Plus One or maybe 
some currency tailwind that has come through? 
Anurag Soni: No, see, I don't think that there is any kind of like a one -time jump in in any kind of sales 
numbers. See, this is probably a like over a period of time you are working to grow on 
markets. And so there is a continuous growth that is that is happening. So it is not that some 
kind of one-time shift is coming from somewhere or it's due to China or I would not attribute it 
to those reasons. 
I think probably there is a supply chain that you build and when once you get into established 
developed markets, it takes time to get into the bigger brands. And once the confidence builds, 
the orders flow better. So I would say that it is a continuous process that is happening. And if 
you will see our numbers on the export side, probably every quarter we are doing bette r on 
that. 
Rohit Ohri: True that. So is it because you have added new customers or is it because of the old customers 
are giving you a higher wallet share? 
Anurag Soni: I think both are happening together. Because with volume growth, see, old customers where 
we already have a significant market share, it's difficult to grow a lot on that front. So there is 
some addition on new customers as well. And trying to maintain our market share with the 
existing customers. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Rohit Ohri: Anurag, you mentioned about u tilization recovery and we can also see that there is some 
recovery in the margin also. So is this because of restocking of the inventory or is it the real 
demand that is coming through? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think we've done some work on internally on plann ing and forecasting inventory better. 
So we've had a reduction in inventory now. This has again been a continuous process over the 
last four to six quarters. Continuously we are we are ramping up capacity and reducing our 
finished goods. So that is there. 
Now as far as some kind of demand uptick or restocking in the market is concerned, definitely 
demand is better over the last probably six months demand is getting better. Demand is 
stronger than it was probably last year at similar times. So I think both a re playing out 
together. 
Rohit Ohri: Because we also noticed that some of the customer count has declined a bit. Well, is this 
because of some strategic pruning from your end or the management side or is it due to some 
loss of market share probably due to some of the competitor or somebody? 
Anurag Soni: I'm not actually aware of where the customer count has gone down. If you can probably 
explain me better on that. 
Rohit Ohri: I'll take that offline. It's there in the presentation. I'll take that offline.  
Anurag Soni: Yes, you can probably ask a question over the email and probably we'll reply on that then.  
Rohit Ohri: Yes. And in terms of the strategy mix , while we are also looking at capex , what do you think 
would be the strategy for man -made fibre versus the synthetic? Since you have shown some 
good interest in green fibre as well, which is probably running at 97% capacity utilization. So 
so what is the strategy going forward? 
Anurag Soni: See, as far as strategy is concerned, we would like to have  more control on our raw materials 
and costs. So we'll probably as I mentioned earlier that both on our denim side and synthetic 
fabric side, we have about 50% control on the fibre side. So we'll probably want to increase 
that maybe take that to 75%, 80% in-house production levels. So that is something that that we 
are working on, both polyester fib re and for denim fabric, we are working on raw materials 
there.  
And since capacity utilizations are high, so we are  -- we don't want to actually go into a new 
site or do a green  field anywhere. We are looking at our existing plants where some kind of 
incremental capacities can be added. So we are looking at that. And energy costs, because that 
is that is our biggest cost driver. 
So energy cost is something that w e are looking at very aggr essively, that how to bring that  
down. So that that plan is actually on the on the priority list. So we are doing that first. And 
then working on the backward integration side and then some capacity utilization. So strategy 
over the next six to eight quarters for capex would revolve around these points. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Rohit Ohri: Anurag, my last question before I fall back in the queue. Considering your commentary, which 
was quite strong in the beginning and the current market scenari o also, do you think that by 
FY'29 we could have blended margins of more than 13% plus and have a top line of 
approximately INR4500 crores or something with ROCE maybe inching towards 20% or so by 
FY'29? 
Anurag Soni: So, I think what I can tell you is that yes, over the next three years, FY'29 is about 12 -- I think 
12, yes, 8 to 10 quarters is what you're talking about. So, the theme will continue on the same 
direction that better than before. So, if we are better than before every quarter, we'll probably 
be at numbers indicated by you, I think maybe at that levels or even better than that. 
Rohit Ohri: Thanks for answering. I'll fall back in the queue. I have some more questions. I'll come back. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next questi on comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand how has the spreads for 
polyester fiber changed post the quality control order? And sir,  our strategy to increase the 
captive sourcing to 75%, 80%, sir, how does this sit versus just buying the PTA and MEG 
from China and like processing it in-house? Considering normalized spreads of like excluding 
the war situation. How should we see this segment? 
Anurag Soni: Well, see, the idea of getting a 75%, 80% control on raw material is two front. One is 
obviously on the cost side and more importantly on the quality side as well. So, we have felt 
that over the last six months when we made this acquisit ion of the polyester fiber plant, we've 
been able to re -engineer a lot of products, work on our bill of material costs and on the yarn 
side. And I think that is aiding us in increasing our margins for yarn. 
 So, it is from that point of view, we feel that we need to have more control and more in-house 
production levels for fiber. So, the strategy is both on the quality and the cost front. And then 
see, we are actually recycling plastic waste. And recycling waste is a very localized subject. 
So, you can't really work on costs with importing a lot of raw materials for the polyester fiber. 
You have to work on localized waste that gets generated and I think that anyways is enough 
waste that we can collect locally to enhance our capacities. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, I was asking more on the front of the quality control order removal on the – our raw 
materials for manufacturing this yarn. How has the spreads improved post that post the quality 
control order removal? Have we been able to get better pricing for our raw materials versus 
what we were sourcing from Indian IOCL or Reliance? 
Anurag Soni: See, frankly, we hardly source anything from Reliance. So probably 5% of our polyester fiber 
actually comes from Reliance. So, it has kind of not made any kind of effect on our raw 
material costs. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Madhur Rathi: Right. And sir, how much would be the capex for increasing this sourcing capacity? And what 
would be the capex for our renewable the 30 -megawatt renewal that are in pipeline currently 
and additional that we plan on adding over the next four quarters? 
Anurag Soni: See, the capex on the renewal that we've already announced is roughly around INR150 crores, 
INR160 crores. And then there are some PPAs where we'll have some equity infusions. So that 
is another INR30 crores, INR35 crores. So, about INR200 crores is something we've already 
committed on the renewable side. 
 As far as any kind of new capex or further numbers are concerned, as I mentioned earlier, we 
are still working on that. So, we are working on what kind of strategy we want to move 
forward. So, it will be a two -year cycle for the new capex that we want to plan. So, I do  not 
really have anything concrete to say on that today. And but as and when we plan something, 
we I will get back on that. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, just one final question from my end. Sir, how much is gross margin better for 
polyester yarn that is manufactured through recycled PET versus like buying raw material 
from outside and manufacturing it? What would be the gross margin difference bet ween both 
of these? 
Anurag Soni: So, is your question regarding that if we have our own in-house fiber versus buying fiber from 
outside and making yarns, is that the comparison you're asking for? 
Madhur Rathi: Yes, sir. 
Anurag Soni: I think see, we -- I have not really made a comparison like I do not have that number on top of 
my mind. Is it okay? If I can respond on that maybe later? Like if you can... 
Madhur Rathi: Yes, sir. Not a problem. That was from my end. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Kumar: Hello, sir. Thank you for taking my question and congrats for a great set of numbers. Sir, I 
wanted to understand, I think you said yarn spreads are going up. So, can you comment how 
much were yarn spreads in Q3 and how much in March and how are they now? If you can 
please share. 
Anurag Soni: No, sir, I did not say yarn spreads are going up. I did mention that due to having our own in-
house control over the raw materials, we've been able to increase our margins on the yarn side. 
And that is why we want to have more capacity in-house for our fiber production. 
Ankur Kumar: But you said due to war, prices have gone up and are going up. So, what was regarding that? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: See, this is a very evolving situation, right? With the war every day crude there is a big 
movement on the crude oil prices and so this is something that you have to actually you know, 
not take that into consideration that what the prices are today, right? 
 It is it is a dynamic scenario and we have to probably let it settle down more and see probably 
a month from now once things are under control that actually what kind of movement has 
happened on the cost front, how much the price has been factored in, how much we have been 
able to pass it on to the customers, what kind of impact that has happened on margins. 
 What I would say that as of now, if nothing changes the way it is, we've been able to pass on a 
significant portion of the costs on the prices. And we do feel that the effect of on the margins 
are minimal as of now. But it is a very dynamic scenario and we'll have to keep watching how 
this evolves. 
Ankur Kumar: But in terms of Q3 versus Q4, can you share how what how much was the difference? 
Anurag Soni: In Q4, I would again I would say that there is not a big impact of the war on the prices in in Q4 
itself because the war actually started end of February or the first week of March and the prices 
movement actually started happening from the 10th or 15th of March on the upward side. So 
very little impact of anything on the pricing front has happened in the last quarter. 
Ankur Kumar: Got it, sir. And sir, if crude stays somewhere near here, do we expect some gains in the Q1? 
Anurag Soni: See, again, I would say see, it's a dynamic scenario because inventory gains are one side of it. 
There are dyes that we use, there are chemicals that we use, there is export freight shipments, 
domestic freights. So packaging material costs are so everything now so today I think we are 
the strategy only is that you know, plan for a week or plan for maximum a fortnight and see 
how things are moving. 
 So very difficult to comment and this is a very temporary and out of control kind of a scenario, 
right? So, we cannot really say that anything that Q1 will be better or because of this, right? As 
far as operational efficiencies are concerned, our own utilizations are concerned, I can 
comment on that, that we are getting better. 
 And without any external factors coming in, I think operationally we will be better. Now if 
there are some one -time gains or losses that come due to these crude prices being elevated, 
difficult to comment now. 
Ankur Kumar: Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Anurag Soni: Right. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kamal Jeswani from Youfirst Capital . 
Please go ahead. 
Kamal Jeswani: Thank you for the follow -up. What is our current order book? And regarding the shipments 
you just mentioned that how are the I mean the freight rates have gone up or insurance rates 
and I mean are we doing FOB billing or is it CNF? How is it? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: Right. So, see, as far as the order book is concerned, so across our segments and divisions, I 
would say that our order book is anywhere between 50 to 70 days. So, we have a healthy order 
book that is in place. Secondly, as far as the export shipments are concerned, I think about 
majority, at least two-third or maybe even more of our exports are on FOB basis. 
 And any new bookings that we are doing today that are on where the freight is borne by us is 
actually factoring today's freight costs. So maybe some orders, some old orders, we'll have to 
bear some losses on the freights. But it is again not very significant and material. 
Kamal Jeswani: Okay. And second question regarding the UK FTA you had mentioned in the presentation, 
have the benefits of this started flowing to us already or it is still in the pipeline? 
Anurag Soni: No, I think this is sti ll under process. So, we do feel that this is going to be beneficial in 
general for the Indian textile industry. But I think it is still the benefits will still take time. 
Kamal Jeswani: Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next quest ion comes from the line of Vikram Tugar, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Tugar: Good afternoon and congratulations for an excellent number. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Vikram Tugar: Okay. Sir, I have a couple of questions. So, I'll just quickly  go through them. Is that you were 
saying you are going to invest in you know, extra capacity utilization. So where would that go? 
I mean garments you already have a lot of capacity. So, is it going to be in garments or you 
would probably think of value addition somewhere else? 
Anurag Soni: See, again, I would say that any kind of capacity addition or new capex plans are still under 
discussion. I can tell you that the theme that we are working on is energy, more having our 
own security on raw materials. And  capacity additions, we will have some kind of capacity 
additions planned for all the segments except not really garments because that we are still at 
49%. So that is something that there is room there. 
 However, garments for our denim business or the PV f abric business, there is some kind of 
thoughts on that , that should we try with smaller capacities and look at that. So that is still 
under discussions. Apart from that, capacity additions will come across all our segments, but 
we are not looking at some big additions or greenfield projects. Maybe some kind of additions 
in our existing plants wherever whatever is possible. The evaluation is on. So, as I have 
something concrete, I will come back on that. 
Vikram Tugar: Sure. Sir, I have another question regar ding garments. You have a lot of PLI in this garment 
scheme, but I do  not see any other income. So, you are  -- you were eligible for a garment if 
you had incremental turnover. And since you are going for incremental turnover, do we see 
any kind of PLI bene fit coming in the next two years? Because 2024, '25 probably because 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
incremental turnover was not there, that is not showing in your I am not seeing it in the other 
income or... 
Anurag Soni: Right. See, actually getting the benefits of the of the scheme that we are part of is , that there 
are some complications there. However, see, we are not really factoring in any benefits that 
may flow from that front. If anything comes in, it is great. But our business model is based like 
we are not really considering PLI incentives in any of our daily workings or operations. So, we 
want to increase the utilization anyway, with or without PLI. So, there will be growth there. If 
any kind of benefits kick in, it is great. Otherwise, there is no plan on that or... 
Vikram Tugar: I understand it is like a bonus that comes in. But I'm just wondering because 2024, '25 and 
your incremental capacity is going up, so probably you would be eligible, right? And if that is 
so, how much would that be? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think... 
Vikram Tugar: I understand it won't come, it might or might not come, but... 
Anurag Soni: Right. So no, then if anything like that comes, we'll just consider it as a one -time gain, right? 
So, let's not really put a number to that. 
Vikram Tugar: Would it be substantial like INR200 crores, INR300 crores? 
Anurag Soni: No, nothing like that.  INR200 crores, INR300 crores how it will happen? Here it is INR100 
crores turnover. 
Vikram Tugar: Okay, sir, the other thing that I wanted to understand is that I am into r eal estate. So, I saw a 
real estate development, Sangam India on the Ajmer Road. In the next two years, some project 
of INR400 crores, you probably would have got the land. Is that in Sangam India or it is in 
some other promoter entity? 
Anurag Soni: No, no , it is not, it has got nothing to do with Sangam India. That is a separate entity 
altogether. Nothing to do with this business. 
Vikram Tugar: Okay, okay. Your name as Sangam India was mentioned there. So, I am just wondering if 
there is any project coming. 
Anurag Soni: I would not say, I do not think Sangam India would be mentioned. Maybe Sangam, there will 
be something else. No, it is nothing to do with this company. 
Vikram Tugar: I understand. No, it is just clarified, sir. No problem. Yes. Sir, I have one more this thing that 
your inventory is not 80 days. I mean like your inventory, you are revolving money very fast. 
Where do you think, is there any scope for further reduction there? 
Anurag Soni: See, I think we've worked a lot on reducing our inventor y on the finished goods sides. The 
reporting normally happens with overall inventory. So, we've kind of ramped up inventory on 
the raw material side. Finished good inventories are I think at very controllable levels. So, I do 
not see a lot of inventory numbers going down from here. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 There may be some work that can be further done on the debtor side. I think our debtor 
numbers are still elevated in terms of number of days compared to two years ago. So , that is 
something that that would be a focus area in the  coming year. So, we'll probably work on that 
number coming down. But inventory side, I do not see a lot of downside there. 
Vikram Tugar: I think I get everything. So, I have just one more question is that if I were to ask you between 
energy savings and yo ur garment volume scale up and your realization management, which 
would you think will really be the earnings driver for 2027? 
Anurag Soni: See, energy is actually just plug and play, right? So as and when plants get commissioned, the 
EBITDA starts flowing from day one. So that is something that is just you just have to say yes 
to the capex, right? So that is the easiest part. Everything else is something that we work for 
when we come to office every day. So, both things are actually independent of each oth er. I 
think I would imagine that we would have improvements on both sides. 
Vikram Tugar: Great, sir. Thank you so much. Have a great year ahead. Thank you so much. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investment as a 
follow-up question. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, thank you for the opportunity once again. Sir, what is the realization premium that we get 
on the yarns manufactured through recycled raw material? 
Anurag Soni: No, I would not say that there is any kind of premium that comes on that. It is probably a -
good-to-have ESG initiative on that front. So, it helps you to sell better. But there is no 
premium on the pricing that you get because of that. 
 See, again, India domestically is a price-sensitive market. So, it is hard to actually imagine that 
you would get a premium for any ESG initiatives in the domestic market. Probably there are 
some European markets that would pay a premium for that. But again, the volumes there ar e 
not that high as what we do domestically. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Gadak, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Gadak: Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask like what percent of the company's revenue 
contribution comes from the cotton yarn business? And considering India is spinning one of 
the cheapest cotton in the world, has that contribution increased in this quarter? And have we 
also experienced blend shift from polyester to cotton in overall scheme of things? 
Anurag Soni: So, what percentage of our revenue comes from the cotton yarn? See, about 50% of our 
revenue comes from the yarn business. And about I think we have an even mix of cotton and 
PV there. So, you could I think it will be a number around 25% of the total reven ue comes 
from the cotton yarn business. I would say that. As far as the shift between PV and cotton are 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
concerned, see, they are two very distinct markets and I think both are coexisting for a long 
period of time. 
 So, we do  not really see it from that poi nt of view that see, we have both products in our 
portfolio and we have teams that work on selling products from both segments. So no, I would 
not read too much into that shift from PV or to cotton or vice versa. 
Vikas Gadak: Okay. And just one last question from my end. Like what is the cotton inventory the company 
is carrying? I mean, what is the coverage ratio if I want to know? 
Anurag Soni: For raw materials? 
Vikas Gadak: Yes. I mean, how much cotton inventory is company holding? 
Anurag Soni: See, in general, I think what we are focusing right now is that because there is an inflationary 
move in prices and so we are not across all our divisions, not just cotton . We are, we have 
more coverage of raw material than the finished good orders in hand. So, we a re working on 
that strategy as of now. But see, any of these calls are probably limited to 10, 15 days or 
maximum 30 days additional inventory in hand. 
 So, we do not really work too much on gains from that front that stock for a higher number of 
days or t aking calls on inventory because it can actually work both ways. So as of now, 
because of the inflationary nature of prices, across all our divisions, we are more covered on 
raw material than orders of finished goods in hand. 
Vikas Gadak: Okay, okay. And how much of cotton yarn is sold in forward contracts? I mean for how many 
months if I want to ask one last question? 
Anurag Soni: They are not forward contracts. It is I would say that I think the question you're trying to ask is 
the order book for cotton yarn. Is that right? 
Vikas Gadak: Right, right. 
Anurag Soni: Right. Okay. So, order book again, I mentioned earlier that across all our segments, we have an 
order book between 50 to 70 days. So again, cotton would be somewhere there. 
Vikas Gadak: Okay. Thanks. Thanks. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avinash Nahata from Parami Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Nahata: Okay. Can you specifically talk about from the start of the year till the end of the year and into 
the new financial year about spreads in absolute both for synthetic as well as cotton? Cotton 
yarn spreads as well as for synthetic. How where we were at the start of the year, how did we 
end and into the new fiscal adjusted for one-time gains if any? 
===== PAGE 19 =====
  Sangam India Limited 
  April 23, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Anurag Soni: So first and foremost, I think we will say that from the start of the year or to now, see, I do not 
have the specific answer to your question regarding the yarn spreads movement from quarter -
to-quarter. But I would say what we have done at the company level is that from Q1 to Q4 and 
or moving into the new financial year, across both cotton or PV side, we have we are working 
on a on a product mix continuously that that is yielding better contribution margins to the 
company. 
 We are working on our bill of material costs for all the products that we make that can we have 
any kind of alternate raw materials or cheaper alternatives to improve margins. We have 
improved our capacity utilizations; operations are more efficient across divisions. So, I would 
probably talk more on that. 
 And as far as any kind of movement in yarn spreads are concerned or one -time inventory 
gains, I've mentioned that earlier as well on the call that no, there are no one -time inventory 
gains in the last quarter. So, the margin improvement is due to better capacity utilizations and 
operational efficiencies. 
Avinash Nahata: Yes, directionally I understand, but if you can talk about specific numbers on a per kg basis? 
Anurag Soni: I do not have that handy now. I'm sorry. 
Avinash Nahata: Okay. Thanks a lot, and all the very best. 
Anurag Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for 
today. I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anura g Soni for the closing remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anurag Soni: Well, I thank everyone for joining the call today. And I hope I've been able to answer all 
questions to your satisfaction. Thank you again for your time. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 