SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/FILATEX-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 17


===== PAGE 1 =====
F II_41"T'EX  IFJ  DI16  L..IIVI I1ED CIN No.L17119DN1990PL0000091 
FIL/SE/2025-26/48 
10th November, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 6th November, 2025 for the Q2 
FY2025-26 Results of the Company 
Dear Sirs/ Madam, 
In continuation of our letter No. FIL/SE/2025-26/43 dated 31St October, 2025 and 
pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript in respect of the 
Earnings Conference call held on 6th November, 2025 for the Q2 FY2025-26 Results of 
the Company. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
RAMAN~KUMAR JHA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: a/a 
CORPORATE OFFICE 
Bhageria House 
43 Community Centre 
New Friends Colony 
New Delhi - 110025, India 
P: +91.11.26801105/06 
E: fildelhi@filatex.com 
REGD. OFFICE & WORKS 
S. No. 274 Demni Road 
Dadra- 396193 
U.T. of-Dadra & Nagar Haveli 
India 
P: +91.260.2668343/8510 
F: +91.260.2668344 
E: fildadra@filatex.com E: fildahejGfilatex.com 
Website: www.titatex.00m 
DAHE1 WORKS 
Plot No. 2/6A, Village Jolva 
Dahej-2, Industrial Estate, GIDC 
Dahej - Dist Bharuch, 
Gujarat - 392130 
P: +91. 9099917201/02 
SURAT OFFICE 
Bhageria House, Ring Road, 
Surat, Gujarat- 395002 
India 
P: +91.261.4030000 
E: filsurat@filatex.com 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. MADHU SUDHAN BHAGERIA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 M R. ASHOK CHAUHAN – CHIEF VISIONARY OFFICER – 
FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 M R. NITIN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 M R. VEDANSH BHAGERIA – VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE STRATEGY – FILATEX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. BHAVIN DEDHIA – SHARE INDIA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Filatex India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavin Dedhia from Share India Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Bhavin Dedhia: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Share India Securities, I would like to 
welcome all participants for Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Filatex India Limited. 
 We are pleased to have with us management team represented by Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria, 
Chairman and MD; Mr. Ashok Chauhan, Chief Visionary Officer; Mr. Nitin Agarwal, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Vedansh Bhageria, Vice President, Corporate Strategy. We will have 
opening remarks from Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria to give an overview of the company's 
performance. This will be followed by Q&A. 
 Thank you, and over to you, Madhuji. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all attendees joining us for the second 
quarter FY '26 conference call. Joining me today are Mr. Ashok Chauhan, Nitin Agarwal and 
Vedansh Bhageria. I trust you have had a chance to go through our investor presentation, which 
has been uploaded on both our website and the Stock Exchanges. 
 Let me now take you through the highlights of our performance this quarter and share some 
perspective on the broader journey through the first half of the financial year. Q2 FY '26 was an 
important quarter for us. The company continued to make steady progress across all key 
parameters, reflecting both operational consistency and a clear focus on improving profitability. 
 On a Q-to-Q basis, revenue growth -- on Q-on-Q basis, revenue grew to INR1,076 crores from 
INR1,049 crores. Sales volume also moved up from 97263 metric tonnes to 101,391 metric 
tonnes, indicating healthy demand and improved capacity utilization. Our EBITDA rose by 
14.36%, reaching INR88.93 crores compared to INR77.76 crores in the previous quarter. 
 PAT followed a similar trend, increased by 16.8% to INR47.58 crores, up from INR40.74 crores 
in Q1. This consistent demand -- this consistent quarter-on-quarter progress underscores the 
benefit of our ongoing focus on efficiency, cost discipline and better product mix management. 
 Looking back at the first half of the year, we are pleased with a steady improvement across all 
key metrics. Revenue for H1 '25-'26 stood at INR2,125 crores compared to INR2,103 crores in 
H1 '24-'25, marking a stable performance despite a challenging external environment. Sales 
quantity increased to 1,98,654 metric tonnes, up from 1,92,218 metric tonnes in the same period 
last year, driven by consistent demand and smoother plant operations. 
 What is truly encouraging is the improvement in profitability. EBITDA for the first half rose 
sharply to INR166.7 crores from INR106.6 crores, while PAT nearly doubled to INR88.32 
===== PAGE 4 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
crores compared to INR45.77 crores in the corresponding half of '24-'25. This reflects our strong 
operating leverage and the result of several internal initiatives from process optimization to 
better energy management and tighter working capital control. In short, the first half of FY '26 
demonstrates that the actions we took last year are now delivering visible results. 
 Domestically, we continue to perform well despite global uncertainty and raw material price 
volatility. Demand for polyester yarn remained stable with encouraging signs of recovery visible 
in the downstream textile value chain. That said, there are some policy level changes, which we 
are watching closely. The proposed anti-dumping on MEG, a key feedstock could increase 
production costs across the polyester ecosystem. 
 Nevertheless, our strong Q2 performance demonstrates that we are well positioned to navigate 
such headwinds through operational excellence and prudent cost management. As we had earlier 
shared -- shared earlier, we have embarked on a total investment plan of around INR650 crores, 
covering capacity expansion, sustainability and energy efficiency. Additional yarn capacity 
project, INR235 crores, progressing well with major machinery orders placed, completion as per 
target by September 2026. 
 Recycling project, civil construction is underway and major equipment orders have been placed. 
Production is scheduled to begin by September 2026. Steam infrastructure project, [inaudible 
0:06:33] crores already in the implementation phase, turbine orders placed and pipeline work is 
progressing well. Completion is expected by June 2026. 
 Renewable energy initiative being implemented under MoU with Torrent Power, it is currently 
awaiting statutory approvals. As a part of routine efficiency improvement, we had initiated 
automation in rather labour-intensive post-winding operations, including docking and packing 
of FDY and POY lines with an investment of INR40 crores. 
 The infrastructure is ready and shipments of equipment will begin from end of this month, except 
for minor regulatory delays in renewable approvals, all projects are progressing as planned, 
reinforcing our commitment to sustainability, efficiency and scale. 
 We remain optimistic about the medium-term outlook for the polyester industry and availability 
of key input materials. The upcoming PTA capacity additions, 1.2 million metric tonnes of GAIL 
likely to start by September -- sorry, February 2026 and 1.2 million metric tonnes of IOCL to 
start by September 2026 and 3.2 million tonnes by Reliance Industries, likely to start by early 
2028. All these are expected to significantly reduce India's dependence on imports, lower freight 
costs and improve supply chain stability. 
 As these capacities come on stream, raw material availability should improve, pricing expected 
to become more balanced and volatility in input costs will moderate. Combined with an 
anticipated recovery in domestic textile demand and more positive global trade sentiments, we 
believe these developments will create a structurally stronger environment for the entire 
polyester value chain. 
 To sum up, Q2 FY '26 and the first half of the year reflects steady growth, improving margins 
and growing operational strength. Our strategy of disciplined expansion, sustainability focus and 
===== PAGE 5 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
cost optimization is now translating into clear financial outcomes. We have always believed in 
robust growth of polyester yarns in global fiber consumption, and we continue to move forward 
with confidence, building efficiency, investing in the right areas and creating long-term value 
for all our stakeholders. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak from Sunidhi Securities & Finance 
Limited. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So just a couple of questions. Just to understand that the average selling price is remaining in 
the range of INR106 to INR109 for last year and current year to date, but down slightly around 
1% to 2%. So just to understand whether the gains on the GP side, gross margin side is due to 
the lower -- I mean, relief from the PTA or MEG side or what actually? 
 That is first question. And regarding the packing lines, where -- I just couldn't understand where 
we are because it was scheduled to be operational from the June '26. So has it got preponed? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, regarding the pricing, there is a slight fall in the finished goods pricing, but the raw material 
has fallen much more than that. So that's why the margins have improved. And as per the packing 
lines, no, the delivery is starting from end of this month, and the shipment time is 45 days as it's 
coming from Europe, and this is the first lot of shipment. It will keep on coming. The final 
commissioning will happen by June 2026 only. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So whatever the plants, be it the packing lines or let's say, RE power and the... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: All on course. Only the RE power might get a little delayed because the company with whom 
we had the tie-up, they are facing some issues in the -- from the government getting the 
connectivity and all those things. We are exploring from others also if we can get power from 
some other sources. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So that would be postponed to second quarter, sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So that would get postponed to maybe something like July, August 2026. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Second quarter, sir, right? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, second quarter of FY '26. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: And regarding, sir, your recycling foray, so just to understand that you have recently tied up 
with 2 companies for the supply chain -- waste supply chain. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That is all right. We are in advanced talk with some other brands also. So, I feel that we should 
be able to have some more tie-ups in the next -- by end of this quarter. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So the current tie-up is sufficient to get the requisite raw material -- waste raw material for the 
unit? Or you are still negotiating this... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It's a 2-way tie-up. They will also supply raw material and also buy the finished goods. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Surya Narayan Nayak: No, I'm talking of the input side. I'm talking of the input side. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It is not for the full volume. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Okay. So when are we expecting the full volume tie-up will be -- for input tie-ups will be in 
place? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Input tie-up is already there with the local suppliers. There are local suppliers around the plant, 
which is in Surat area. There are a lot of consolidators who buy pre-consumer waste and that is 
ample available. This supplier is for the post-consumer. They buy fabrics, tone fabrics and that 
they will supply to us. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So that is the fabric which you have currently dealt with is post-consumer, not the pre-consumer, 
right? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We can deal with both of them. Only post-consumer, the sorting is a big issue because we need 
to know what is there in the fabric. Pre-consumer, it is easily known what is there in the fabric. 
Post-consumer, you have to check it whether how much polyester is there, how much nylon is 
there, how much cotton is there, woolen is there. So that's the challenge there. 
 So that's -- these guys are sorting it out and giving it. So we have had a tie-up with them. And 
they cannot give the full volume, but they might be able to give us around 10%, 15% of our 
requirement. And we are talking to other suppliers also similar. So as and when we have a tie-
up, we'll announce that. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So before the commissioning, maybe by June, July, we should be in place to... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It is not going to stop because we have tie-up of pre-consumer suppliers already. So it's not 
necessary that we go for 100% post-consumer. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: No, I'm talking of pre-consumer because pre-consumer it would be easy because... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Pre-consumer, we have the full volumes available. That's not an issue. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Okay. Okay. And sir, is there any chance that we would be thinking of setting up more units 
after the testing success maybe in the second quarter of -- sorry, third quarter of the next year. 
So -- I think because... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Based on the performance of this plant, we will definitely be going for multiple plants or a bigger 
plant. That will decide after this production comes in. Definitely, we will putting up more plant. 
This is just a starting plant only. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So far as the -- one of the virgin fiber is concerned, after this 12% expansion of the capacity, 
we'll make a full stop with sweetening of the production facility with more productivity 
programs, right? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I will not call it a full stop, yes, but there will be no major expansion. There can always be 2%, 
4% expansions. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Surya Narayan Nayak: That's okay, sir. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There will not be any major expansion in the virgin. Main focus would be only recycle after this. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: And sir, balance sheet side, some repayment has also happened. So is there any chance of influx 
of more -- any dates in the second half because we will be -- maybe we'll be buying -- actually 
paying the amount to these vendors. So this year, any influx of the date likely in the second half? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: In Filatex, there will be no influx of the second half. In textile, definitely, there can be some 
loans which we will take, because we have already tied up with the banks in textile for the loans. 
And maybe in the second half, we will have some disbursement. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: But sir, the cash flow from operations in the first half itself is very robust. So do we require... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, we wait and watch. If we require, then only we'll take it. Till now, we have not taken up. 
So I cannot say that we'll not take it. As and required, we'll take it. If not required, we'll not take 
it. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Okay. And sir, with the GAIL facility coming in or, let's say, later IOC, what kind of margin 
expansion we can perceive incrementally? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, both of them come in, I think we should have a margin expansion from the raw material at 
least of around 2%. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 2%, and with the addition of the productivity programs that is currently underway, which will 
be commissioned in the second half or, let's say, maybe second -- or close to second half. So that 
will be further adding how much percentage overall EBITDA? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, the volume expansion will not add as a percentage. It will add as a number definitely. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: The volume percentage is only 12%, I agree. But productivity programs, I'm saying. I mean, the 
steam and others, steam RE power and others. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Steam is likely to add around INR60 crores of EBITDA in the full year of operation. And the 
new capacity addition, which we are doing of INR235 crores should give around INR70 crores, 
INR75 crores of EBITDA in the full year of operation. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: And in the recycling fibers, you have earlier advised, let's say, guided that around EBITDA 
percent is 35% as against the virgin fibers EBITDA of 9% current ruling. So nearly about 4x 
jump. So hardly -- can you... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We are confident, we should do an EBITDA of around INR80 crores, INR85 crores in the virgin 
fiber businesses. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So currently, I mean, that kind of -- so just to understand from you that because the -- what sort 
of compulsion that is there with the brands to buy the recycled fiber at such a high price when 
the virgin price is quite low. What is the requirement? I mean that is what I -- just commercially, 
just want to understand from you. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The European Unions have made it some compulsions for them to use recycled fiber. And a lot 
of these brands have their EPR commitments with, so they have to become 100% recycled by 
2030 or 2031. So that is why they are all going for it. And they have been told to use textile-to-
textile, not bottle-to-textile, because that doesn't become the sustainability for them, no. So 
circular economy is only complete if they are doing textile-to-textile. Currently, they are using 
bottle-to-yarn kind of recycling. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So sir, currently, who else are the global players who have been successful because we have 
done some research to understand the kind of competitive... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Few global players, but they all are in the very initial stage like us or maybe there all plants are 
expected to come by '27 or '28. No plant is coming by '26 as per my knowledge. All are in a 
similar kind of a stage, putting up plants or talking to people and doing the tie-ups. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So you are saying that the such kind of facilities across the globe are waiting to be scaled up, 
maybe that is in the primitive stage and that will be -- once the success will be there, then 
definitely they can be easily scaled up. That is the idea? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes. So all are in the initial stages and putting up plants of different capacities. But I don't 
-- as per my knowledge, nobody will be commissioning plant by end of 2026. Plants, which will 
be commissioning in '27 or '28. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhavin Dedhia from Share India Securities. 
Bhavin Dedhia: So my first question was like how big is the first mover advantage, which you can gain since 
your plant will be operational in FY '26 as compared to '27 and '28 for other players? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry, I mean, if can slow down. Echo is there. I think you are on a speaker phone or... 
Bhavin Dedhia: Can you hear me now, sir? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No. There is a lot of echo. 
Bhavin Dedhia: Okay. I will fall back in queue. 
Moderator: So the next question is from the line of Varun from -- an Individual Investor. 
Varun: Congrats on good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand how has been the raw material 
price movement for Q2 and also the first month of Q3? Has there been any increase? If you can 
just throw some light on that? And also, there is one thing that is eating up the profitability of 
the company, that is the exchange fluctuation. How does the company plan to mitigate that or 
hedge that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So the raw material side, this quarter is quite stable and maybe it will go up slightly. Last quarter 
also, it was quite stable. I mean it was not a downward trend compared to Q1. The prices were 
very stable or they inched up by 1%, something like that. So I don't see much of volatility in the 
raw materials going forward. But some volatility always remain, 1% or 2% volatility will always 
remain until unless there is a drastic change in the crude prices. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Varun: Okay, sir. So for Q3 also, do you expect them to remain in the same level? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry, can you repeat? 
Varun: For quarter 3 also, do you expect them to remain in the same level as the raw material prices? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, yes, it will be at a similar level. It can slightly edge up 1% or 2%, nothing more. So it will 
remain at the similar levels. Nothing major is happening right now. 
Varun: I mean exchange fluctuation, sir. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We had hedged only a portion of our outstanding, which we were supposed to pay in this year, 
we had hedged it. But the rest of it, we didn't hedge it. And because of that, the loss is there. 
That's a notional loss. That's not an actual outgo. And maybe once the things cool down, we 
expect it to come back to maybe around 100 or something because the hedging cost is also pretty 
high. If you hedge it regularly, we would have been still at a higher level than what we are at 
today. 
Varun: Okay, sir. Sir, do you expect it to come at that 100 level that you see for FY '27 or which quarter? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It depends. See, we have a consultant who guides us. We are not expert in this. So based on his 
guidance, we take the call. 
Varun: Okay sir, just wanted to understand this capex of INR63 crores that the company is doing, how 
much it will be funded through debt? And how much would it be funded through internal 
accruals? And how will this impact your finance cost going ahead? If you can throw some light 
on that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. See, so we would be taking around INR200 crores of debt for the recycle project. That's 
the outer side. Maybe we might not take if we have internal accruals better, we can reduce that. 
For the INR235 crores of the yarn expansion, we have already tied up for the machinery finance. 
 So there, the loan amount would be around INR125 crores or INR130 crores. These are the two 
loans which we'll be taking up. Rest will be through internal accruals only. And that INR200 
crores can go down if the internal accruals are healthy, we might reduce that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Management Private 
Limited. 
Niraj Mansingka: Congrats for the good numbers. A few questions. One, what -- you said about the anti-dumping 
on MEG. Can you elaborate on that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So, there is an anti-dumping which has been recommended by DGTR. Although you might have 
seen there are a lot of advertisements in the paper by the MEG producer and from our association 
also regarding that the government should not put it because Finance Ministry has the discretion 
whether to put it or not put it. That's one thing. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 But even if it is put, then also see there's a lot of material available from U.S.A. U.S.A. doesn't 
have anti-dumping. And since this raw material is in short supply, I think in all prudence, I don't 
think the government will put it. And there is no planning of any new plant capacity of MEG 
coming in India in the next 3 to 5 years because this is a commodity, which is overall worldwide 
surplus. 
 So hence, the margins are a little under pressure. And based on that, they have found the 
dumping. Although dumping is not there, it is just the profitability is bad. It's not dumping 
because these producers who are giving to India are not giving at a lesser price than what they 
are selling to the other parts of the world or locally. 
 Even if it comes, I think there are certain ways to mitigate that to a major extent because, like I 
said, U.S.A. is a lot of surplus MEG now, which they have been supplying to China. And 
recently, we have also bought 1 or 2 parcels from U.S.A., which are available at a better price 
than what is current prices in India. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. The second question is on the polyester recycling. In the past, you had said that the 
recycling realization is INR40, INR45 higher. So what would it imply -- what is it right now, 
recycling prices over the... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Still in that range, INR45, INR50 depending on that. It's still in that range. 
Niraj Mansingka: But then your EBITDA -- and you said you'll go INR80 crores, INR85 crores EBITDA. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That's on the yarn side. See, we are making only the chips. So we'll not be enjoying the 100% 
INR40, INR45. We'll have to pass it some to the yarn guy also. So our margins would be a little 
bit like maybe INR30, INR35 a kg. That's why I said around -- we should do around INR80 
crores, INR85 crores. Like our capacity is 27,000 tonnes. So if you multiply that by INR35, what 
you get around that number, INR30 to INR35. 
Niraj Mansingka: Got it. So -- but do you not have plans to make yarns from that, the forward integration? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yarn, already we have our own facility there, we can make and give it. But in future, we don't 
want to go and make yarn for that. That is the very normal thing to do. Our specialty is in 
converting waste to chips. After that, it's a normal process. So going forward, we would like to 
put more plants of waste to chips rather than making yarn. We can always supply yarn and I 
mean, make -- let people know that this can be done and this is the quality what you can get. 
Niraj Mansingka: Got it. Got it. So -- and what is the possibility of it being delayed or it being earlier, the entire 
capex for the polyester? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I don't see more than 1 month or 2 months here and there, max. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. And have you -- do you have enough raw material availability to scale up the production 
within the 3 or 4 months of the commercial production to start? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: For the recycle? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Niraj Mansingka: Yes. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, recycle availability for this plant is no problem. We'll have enough raw material available 
to scale it up to full. Also, we have an in-built capacity to go 20% higher if everything falls well 
in line, maybe the plant can run up to 20% higher capacity. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. Got it. So okay. So please correct me if I'm wrong, what you're saying is in EBITDA 
terms, current run rate of EBITDA is INR330 crores range. I'm just multiplying current EBITDA 
x4, you have a steam coming up of INR60 crores additional. You have a new capacity adding 
INR75 crores, recycled INR85 crores. So you can almost go to INR500 crores to INR550 crores, 
INR550 crores is what you can do? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Even this run rate of INR330 crores should improve if things are like this. Going forward, I think 
we should -- the INR330 crores should become around INR400 crores run rate. 
Niraj Mansingka: Yes. So you are heading towards -- yes, you said 2% because of PT also. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. That also will make a difference. 
Niraj Mansingka: Yes. So basically, you are heading towards the INR600 crores, that is a possibility. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The -- is improving, that can also add a 1% or 2%. So there are a lot of factors. There could be 
some surprises also. But overall, I feel we should be able to do better than what we are doing 
today for the running capacities. And then all these extras will add to the margins. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. Got it. And last question was on the material handling and other automation. Can you just 
share some qualitative thought on that, what you're doing and how it results you? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: These days, get manpower is getting a problem and lot of plants have -- new plants, which are 
there, they have already done automization. So, we thought it's an opportunity we have the 
requisite cash flow to do it. So, we have invested in this. 
 What is that -- these robotically bobbins are taken out and then there is no human touch and they 
get back. So FDY more or less 100% will be done like that. So, their downgradation and other 
things will go down because there will be no human touch in that till the entire thing is packed 
in the boxes or pallets. 
 In POY also, it will be doffed automatically. And some of it will get packed, some which we use 
internally will definitely get transferred to the texturizing. So that's what we have done. This will 
reduce our dependence on the manpower by almost 160 to 180 people, we'll be able to reduce 
by putting this. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay, 160. Okay. Got it. On total employee base of how much? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Total employee base, including all staff is quite high. We have around 2,500 people on roll. 
Niraj Mansingka: No, that's also meaningful. That's a good... 
===== PAGE 12 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. I mean whatever we could get these -- to get the workers today is also getting a challenge 
day-by-day. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahil from Sapphire Capital. 
Rahil: Any sort of outlook or guidance you can share when it comes to volumes or revenue. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Sorry. Can you speak a little louder? Not able to hear you. 
Rahil: How about now, better? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 
Rahil: I was just asking if you can share any sort of outlook or guidance when it comes to your -- so 
EBITDA you've covered pretty much. But when it comes to volumes or revenue front for the 
foreseeable future, which is H2 and then in the next year when all the capacity is up and running 
as well. So if you can provide a certain direction where we head in terms of growth? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See volume-wise, I don't think much will change in H2, second half or H1 of the next year 
because we are not adding more capacity. And the utilization is pretty much almost full. So there 
will not be any much addition in the volume side till H2 of next financial year. And of course, 
definitely, margins, I've already said we should improve. 
 Top line, bottom line, in our case, will not change much drastically because it depends on the 
raw material prices a little bit. So there could be 2%, 3% up and down, that's all. It more or less 
stable. The margin will improve going forward, as I've indicated. 
Rahil: So, is it fair to say in the H2 of next financial year, things can take a turn when it also comes to 
top line? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Top line would be very similar. It can go up by 2%, 3% or remains at these levels. There will 
not be much change in H2 of top line. The margins, I feel should be... 
Rahil: It's not this H2. Even next year H2 top line cannot be... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: H2, definitely it will go up by at least 10%, 12% of what it would have been. It will go up by the 
capacity, which we are putting for sure. 
Rahil: Yes, that's what I wanted to know. Okay. Got it. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak from Sunidhi Securities and Finance 
Limited. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Yes. So the recent GST reforms that has been made. So with that man-made fibers, the old rate 
was 18% down to 5% and yarn is 12% to 5%. So how do you see structurally it is changing the 
industry going forward? That is one question. And second thing is that, I'll come to the second 
question. Sir, this is the first question, please answer. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, GST reform from 12% to 5% is for the yarns only. But as far as the consumer is concerned, 
they were always getting fabric at 5%, garments at 5%. Only change which for the consumer -- 
the last consumer is that garments above INR1,250 were charged 12%. Now that has been 
changed to INR2,500 to 18%. So that's the only change which has happened. That I don't think 
will make too much of a difference in the demand and supply. 
 Because at the recent level, if the inversion is now with us only, the inversion has been removed 
from the garment and the fabric guy. So for our inversion has increased and that we are 
representing the government to even reduce that. 
 So maybe it can increase a little bit of demand. Also the manufacturing activity in the fabric can 
increase because now they can put up new capacity and they can claim GST of the capital goods 
also and adjust that in their value addition. So that is the only benefit the fabric and the garment 
producers will get. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Okay. And sir, the second question is that we are having very good relationship with our 
suppliers. We are getting good -- in their stalwarts, so in the industry. So it is quite difficult to 
digest. But going forward, as we progress the PTA facilities of IOC -- GAIL and IOC will be 
coming up. 
 So do you think that maybe overseas reliance on the PTA and the MEG side will come down 
and that will reduce the exchange volatility. And in our case, the line item that is constantly quite 
a disturbing element that will go down? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, it will go down because PTA after these 2 plants are there, imports will virtually be very, 
very negligible. MEG imports will always be there because there is no new facility of MEG 
coming up. 
 As and whatever capacity increase happens in India of polyester, MEG imports will increase. So 
MEG side, we don't see any relief coming in next 3, 4 years because there is no plant to put 
MEG. But PTA, which is a major raw material, yes, definitely, after these 2 plants, the imports 
will drop drastically. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: And sir, for the new loans that you have spoken about that is for recycle around INR200 crores 
if need occurs and for the expansions, INR125 crores to INR130 crores there if need occurs. So 
are we going to... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See we are taking for sure. That is for the equipment which we are buying from Germany. It's 
ECB, that we are taking. That INR200 crores, we will reduce looking at the cash flows. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: But sir, don't you think -- I mean, is it the mandatory thing that we should have taken ECB 
instead of rupee debt? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It is not mandatory, but it is prudent to take that because I don't think we can fund the whole 
INR650 crores through our internal accruals. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Surya Narayan Nayak: No. My point is that when the rate -- interest rate is going down on Indian side, so rupee debt 
would have made more sense? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: These are not fixed interest rates. These are rates which get adjusted every 6 months in ECBs. 
So, every 6 months, whatever is the current rate, over and above that, you pay a certain premium. 
That's how it happens. So, it's not that you have locked the interest rate for the entire duration. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So, do you -- so you think the ECB will still be cheaper than the INR debt? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, it is cheaper. If I hedge it, it is still cheaper than 0.5% to 1% than the local rates. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhavin Dedhia from Share India Securities. 
Bhavin Dedhia: So, sir, just wanted an outlook like in the previous call, you had mentioned that there was 
domestic demand weakness. And so how is domestic demand panning out currently? And I am 
aware that H2 margins were better. So since in H1, we have already achieved 7% EBITDA 
margin, approximately what can be your guidance for H2 FY '26 being the winter season coming 
ahead? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See H1, according to me, the EBITDA margins for the H1 is 7.84%. And I think we should do 
at least 8.5% to 9% in the H2. 
Bhavin Dedhia: So full year will come around 8%, 8.1%. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, full year should be above 8% for sure. 
Bhavin Dedhia: And sir, how is the demand scenario in the domestic market? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Demand is quite good, quite good. It's a balance. I mean there's no problem in selling the goods 
until unless the government comes up with some different things. Otherwise, the market looks 
good, and I don't see anything going wrong. And in this season, like the demand is a little high 
in the winter season. 
Bhavin Dedhia: Yes. And sir, any update on that minimum import price by the government for our HSN codes, 
like you mentioned that there was... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No. Right now, it's still in the progress. Nothing has come out as yet. We are working on it to 
get this done. Even for DTY, we are trying if the government can put some minimum import 
price. 
Bhavin Dedhia: No update as yet. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, no, no. Nothing concrete has happened, still in the pipeline. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Management Private 
Limited. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Niraj Mansingka: I just wanted to know one more thing. There was a proposal by the government to -- they had a 
boost, I think, BIS norms or some norms for import of the fabric, various HSN codes were there. 
And later on, the imports started happening from other HSN codes. So, what is the status right 
now in terms of the import of the fabric from outside China? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It's still happening from certain HSN codes, and it's quite a decent volume. We are trying to get 
MIP done on those HSN codes also. If that happens, that will give really good boost to the Indian 
market. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. And do you see -- okay, I know it's difficult to predict, but do you see that this is the last 
one or they can find more areas of import? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I don't know. I mean we have tried to put -- given them a list of almost all the HSN code. Rather, 
we have shortened it, we have said you put it on the 4 digit rather than going on 8 digit. If you 
put on 4 digit, then almost everything is taken care of. 
Niraj Mansingka: That makes sense. Yes, yes. Okay. Got it. And color on the consumption growth in the Indian 
market, any color on that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Consumption is happening downstream, a lot of machines are getting put, all these weaving and 
knitting, lot of machines are coming. So we see a very good future going ahead because 
downstream is really booming because there was a rumor that there will be a BIS on the 
machinery. So people have preponed to put all the weaving and knitting machines. So there is a 
huge quantity of those machines coming in. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. So you are saying that because they have put the weaving machines, they will be bound 
to utilize at least that much. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Demand should increase. 
Niraj Mansingka: Okay. But the consumption at the final leg of the customer should also increase that to justify 
that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, that too is, with the GDP rise and other factors, it will increase. With this government giving 
incentive, reducing income tax to INR12 lakhs, all those things will put more money in the hands 
of the people. And normally, first thing people do is buy clothes if they have more money. 
Moderator: The line from Mr. Tushar is disconnected. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan 
Nayak from Sunidhi Securities and Finance Limited. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: Yes. Sir, again, one question is there. So with the influx of the capacities from the GAIL and 
IOC, so I believe there is currently some gap between the Chinese production prices and the 
Indian production side, so which is actually creating some sort of level playing field. So do you 
think that, that level playing field will be -- I mean, the gap in level playing field will be breached 
post operations of the GAIL and IOC? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, right now, because of BIS, Chinese products, which we import or re-export are definitely 
cheaper than what we import from other countries who have a BIS. So that gap should almost 
===== PAGE 16 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
go away once these two players come in and start production because the imports will reduce 
drastically. So either these people who have a BIS, they'll reduce the prices or the local producer 
will have to match the Chinese prices. So I don't say 100%. But yes, to a major extent, that gap 
should go away. 
 Today, that gap is around $35 per tonne in PTA. Chinese are $35 per tonne cheaper than the BIS 
and the local producers. So that's why I said our margins could improve by around 2%, which is 
around INR2, we should get extra margin because of PTA becoming cheaper in India compared 
to what it is today. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: If you can give on the INR conversion price, what will be the Chinese price? And what is the 
Indian price at the moment, sir, for PTA only? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Right now, not calculated. Dollars, I know you can put the dollar rate and calculate. So dollar 
rate price of China is around $640 as compared to $675 of the BIS price, BIS countries like 
Taiwan, Korea, Thailand, Indonesia. So that's kind of -- these are landed India prices in dollars, 
and then you have to pay 5.5% duty on that and clearing charges. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So we could be -- maybe you are expecting that this $30 to $35 gap may be reduced and that is 
the benefit where we will... 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That will get reduced. And because of that, even the freights will get come down, the freight 
which we have to pay on this will come down because there will not be demand. That also gets 
reflected in the Indian prices somehow. So I think we should get a benefit of around $35 
compared to today's scenario as what the Chinese get. So that should -- our margins by around 
INR2. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: So if you will be competitive later maybe in the 2027, '28 scenario with China, so will it not 
open gates for export to European countries or let's say, cold countries where the manual fibers 
are more actually adopted? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. If we are more competitive, yes, exports can go up for sure. But for export today also, we 
can get from China. So that will not make too much of a difference. It is the Chinese who are 
selling at very low prices that we are afraid of. And the freight component extra, what we pay 
will always remain. 
 Today, the local Chinese, let's say, gets the goods at around $600. We have to pay around $675 
or $680 in India. So that is the gap. That will come down by $30, $35. But still, they will be 
cheaper by us. So, to compete with them, I don't know. If the margin goes up, we can definitely 
-- we'll become more competitive, but it will not -- the export will not increase substantially, but 
they will increase for sure. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tushar Talwar, an individual investor. 
Tushar Talwar: Recently, the Director General of Trade Remedies has recommended imposition of anti-
dumping duty on MEG. And we have been seeing a lot of advertisements in the newspapers 
from industry associations recommending that the Ministry of Finance not accept the proposal. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
                  Filatex India Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 While I will not go into whether it will be imposed or not, I wanted to understand two things, 
sir. What proportion of our raw materials by value is MEG? And what would be the impact of 
anti-dumping duty on our EBITDA in percentage and absolute terms if the ADD is imposed by 
the Ministry of Finance? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See, MEG as such is used around 30% in the product, 70% is PTA. These are the 2 major raw 
materials. And out of the -- we are importing almost more than 50%, 55% of our needs. But if 
anti-dumping is put, even the local producer will raise the price. So, the question of buying 
locally will not help much. 
 But previously, I had told that this -- from America, you can buy. America doesn't have an anti-
dumping duty even if it is put by the Finance Ministry. And America is having a lot of surplus 
MEG, so which has already started flowing to India. And some of the suppliers have a plant in 
America also, which are supplying us from Middle East. 
 So, they have assured that they'll be able to give us from America at very competitive prices. Of 
course, there will be some impact, and that impact could be on the yarn depending from INR0.50 
to INR1 per kg kind of an impact can come if the anti-dumping is put. 
Tushar Talwar: And sir, how much does that translate into EBITDA percentage? Do you -- is that possible to 
quantify? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It's around 0.5% to 1%. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Thank you all the participants for sparing your time and joining us and hope to talk to you all in 
the next Q3 of this financial year. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Filatex India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 