
===== PAGE 1/15 =====
 
 
 
Corp. Office: Unit No. -701-711, 7th Floor, Unitech Commercial Tower-2, Sector-45, Arya Samaj Road, Gurugram – 122003, Haryana, India 
      Registered Office: M-5, Magnum House-I, Community Centre, Karampura, West Delhi, New Delhi -110015, India 
                            Ph: 0124-4844000;   e-mail: corporate@ayefin.com;   website: www.ayefin.com  
AYE FINANCE LIMITED 
(formerly known as AYE FINANCE PRIVATE LIMITED) 
CIN: U65921DL1993PLC283660 
 
March 13, 2026 
To, 
 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 544699 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: AYE 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earning Conference Call for Q3 FY 26  
          
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated March 6, 2026, regarding the submission of Audio recording and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earning Conference Call conducted on Friday, March 6, 2026, to discuss 
Unaudited Financial Results for Q3 FY26. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being made available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.ayefin.com/disclosures/material-events-disclosures  
 
This is for your information, records and appropriate dissemination. 
  
Thanking You. 
 
 Yours faithfully,  
 
 For Aye Finance Limited 
 (formerly known as Aye Finance Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
 (Vipul Sharma) 
 Company Secretary, Compliance Officer & CCO 
 M. No.-A27737 
 
 Encl.: a/a 

===== PAGE 2/15 =====
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Aye Finance Limited 
Q3 FY26 Conference Call” 
March 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – AYE 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 M R. NIRAJ KAUSHIK – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – AYE FINANCE LIMITED 
 M R. SOVAN SATYAPRAKASH – INTERIM CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – AYE FINANCE LIMITED 
 M R. GAURAV SETH – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
AYE FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. VAIBHAV SHARMA – NUVAMA WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 


===== PAGE 3/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aye Finance Limited Q3 FY26 Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Sharma from Nuvama Wealth Management 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vaibhav Sharma: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, 
I welcome you all to Aye Finance Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We have along with us 
Mr. Sanjay Sharma, Managing Director, Mr. Niraj Kaushik, Deputy CEO, Mr. Sovan 
Satyaprakash, Interim CFO, and Mr. Gaurav Seth, Head Investor Relations. We are thankful to 
the management for allowing us this opportunity and I would now like to hand it over to Mr. 
Sanjay sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Sharma: Thanks Vaibhav and good afternoon to everyone. So, welcome to our maiden earnings call for 
quarter 3 of financial year 26. And let me just mention that Aye Finance is a lender to the 
unorganized micro-scale businesses and these could be businesses in manufacturing, into 
trading, dairy or service sectors. 
 Our performance in quarter 3 and the numbers have been shared with you, it clearly demonstrates 
the robustness of our business model and indeed the robustness of our customer segment. We 
provide loans for business needs as opposed to consumption lending, and this segment has 
performed with a better credit resilience than the typical consumption lending segments. 
 As this is the first earnings call, please allow me to share some context to our business model 
before I touch upon the financial and key operational metrics. It's a different or differentiated 
lending model and I think it's important to understand some of the nuances around the model.  
 The borrowing need of over 67 million unorganized micro-scale enterprises across India are 
primarily unaddressed by the banks or NBFCs and primarily the reason is that it's difficult to 
underwrite this segment and their need is a very small business loan. Aye Finance has targeted 
exactly this customer segment and it is transforming these businesses at the micro-scale while 
building a scaled lending model for itself. 
 This segment of micro-scale businesses is the real employment generating engine in our 
economy and it contributes as much as 90% of the non-agri employment. Hence addressing their 
business needs is important and Aye has taken up exactly this challenge. So, clearly this is a 
need of the country and of the businesses in Bharat and this is what we address. 
 As you can see in slide 15, you can get a sense of where does our customer lie. I think the primary 
thing to learn is that if you look at our customer, they come from a segment number three which 
is the unorganized micro businesses which are into trading, into manufacturing, dairy and 
service, whereas when you look at micro-lab or MFI, they have customers coming in from 

===== PAGE 4/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
marginal wage earners also, from marginal self-employed people like plumbers, carpenters, etc. 
So, I think this is where our targeting of customer is different. We look at our customer primarily 
from a lens of whether they run a business and they generate employment. 
 So, in a way, you could say that our customer is someone who owns a business, it could be 
manufacturing, trading or service enterprise or dairy. He is not a self-employed worker like a 
plumber, carpenter or not a salaried employee. This is an unorganized space, which means that 
they typically don't have the financial records like GST returns or indeed income tax returns or 
bank statements that show business transactions, and hence is usually new to formal business 
loans.  
 The third thing about our segment is that our customer is not linked to the organized industry 
supply chain and hence effects like oil price change or tariff, etcetera, do not affect this segment. 
And therefore, this asset class is quite insulated from many of the effects of the organized 
industry. So, this is what makes it a very interesting asset class to look at because it behaves very 
differently from what a normal asset class in the organized industry are. 
 On the next slide, slide 16, you will see that we have a comprehensive product offering to the 
micro-scale MSMEs. What we mean here is that if the requirement is small, we can give them a 
small hypothecation loan. And if the requirement is larger, we can give them a property-based 
loan.  
 22% of the portfolio is secured by property-based loans of which 21% comes from mortgage 
loans which are the typical LAP like loans given against self-owned residential property or self-
owned commercial property. The remaining small percent of 1.6% are smaller loans given 
against plots and power of attorney titles. 
 The remaining 77.5% of our portfolio is secured by business assets like machine, inventory, 
finished goods, etcetera, which are the hypothecation to us. And within this hypothecation loan, 
40% of loans have hypothecation of assets where the values of these assets have been assessed 
by us to be more than 120% of our loan value.  
 These we call as secured hypothecation loans and the balance 37.5% of the portfolio is again 
hypothecation of working assets, but where the value of the hypothecation assets can only 
provide part cover for the loan amount. These we classify as unsecured hypothecation loans.  
 The important thing is that all these loans are business loans, they are not of consumption in 
nature and even the hypothecation unsecured loans that we classify are actually partly secured 
against business assets. 
 In slide 17, you can see that we have a very well-diversified book which is spread across 18 
states and 3 union territories and the number of branches you can see, whether it is North, South, 
West or East, they are almost well balanced. We have a granular book of 5.23 lakh loans as of 
December 2025. And even the zones when you look at North, South, East, West, the area is well 
spread. This has a huge advantage because in times of difficulty, our portfolio does not see very 
acute challenges.  

===== PAGE 5/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 Also, when we want to grow, we don't have to rely on any one area or one state or one zone to 
grow. And that opens up firstly a huge opportunity for growth and second a very strong 
opportunity for diversifying as well. Similarly, on the industry also, we continue to have a 
balanced look at industry and diversified industry.  
 You can see that between manufacturing, dairy, service and trading, we are well balanced and 
no segment overpowers the other. Trading is a very large segment because it contains grocery 
stores, it contains different type of trading clusters. So, I think that's the reason that is at 50%. 
 The business that we have has been built from grounds up because there was no prior model to 
work with. And that has given us an opportunity to design the businesses, the teams, to the way 
that they can be optimized to the target segment. And this helps us address this business 
opportunity very effectively.  
 Our base for the business is built around three simple things. First is to make sure that the sales 
origination is of good quality. Second is to make our underwriting effective. And the third is to 
have a strong ability to collect. Now you may say that these are there is nothing new in that and 
often in life things nothing -- things are nothing new and it is how you execute and how you plan 
it, which is the differentiator, which is what we believe in. 
 Picking up on origination quality, we have a total in-house sales team for all our HLs as well as 
mortgage loans. This is important because we do not want to use a DSA or a third-party sourcer 
to source for us since we have the strong capability to source in-house and this ensures that the 
quality of what we source is of very good standard.  
 Also beyond this, we have maker and checker at multiple steps of the sales funnel. Our 
diversified presence in 18 states and three union territories also further adds to the diversification 
of what we source and we are not dependent on few states as I mentioned. It's also not 
concentrated in any industrial sector. 
 On the underwriting we use a cluster-based underwriting which I think is partly covered in slide 
33. This is a innovation that we have done in the segment where we use our deep understanding 
of the various categories of business, like let's say our understanding of the shoe manufacturing 
industry or the grocery industry or the cloth trading industry and our insight from these industries 
helps us estimate sales and an and the net income of the business owner using some observed 
alternate data points like the number of workers they employ, the level of inventory that we can 
see or the capacity of machinery that they use etc.  
 This cluster-based underwriting is fully automated, all the rules are there in our -- in our core 
system and this has enabled us to underwrite well and see our portfolio go across multiple 
challenges like COVID, demonetization, over-lending and not show too much of a volatility in 
credit cost. 
 The third piece that I mentioned which is collection, there again in Slide 34 we have shown some 
indicative aspects of collection. Our collection is based on the philosophy that we need to be 
present on the field to collect and hence a phygital model with over 500 branches is what we 
use.  

===== PAGE 6/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 So net-net in our target segment of unorganized micro-scale businesses, we are the leading pan-
India provider. Our competitors as they arise in future will always face a challenge or a moat 
that we have built around the business. One is the underwriting method because underwriting 
this customer cannot be done through traditional means of reviewing documents.  
 The second is that it needs a branch presence because this segment of customer needs to see 
someone face to face. And third is that the unit cost, since the loan size is typically INR1 lakhs 
to INR2 lakhs, the low unit size makes it difficult for people to generate profits without adequate 
amount of technology deployed on the in various processes. 
 Let's move on to the key financial and operational metrics that are given in the earnings call 
presentation. I would like to draw your attention to the following. First item is growth. The 
company operates in a market where there is very limited or almost no supply of business loans 
to the segment of customers that we target which is the unorganized micro-scale businesses.  
 Hence, it's not surprising that we've always found our disbursements to stay in a healthy growth 
range. Even in this year, in the quarter 3, our disbursements grew by 35% year-on-year and stood 
at INR1,310 crores in quarter 3 with the addition of 41,015 new borrowers. In our business the 
last quarter has always produced significant higher disbursements and this is something that we 
witnessed -- already starting to witness this momentum in January and February months that 
have gone by.  
 Our AUM which grew by 23.5% year-on-year and 5.5% quarter-on-quarter, with this expected 
increased disbursement in the coming quarter, we are on the trajectory to achieve our guidance 
of 29% to 30% growth in AUM for the full financial year 26. Our net worth of INR1,773 crores 
as of December ’25, has been further augmented as you know through our primary raise of 
INR710 crores in the IPO. This net worth will be the catalyst and will enable us to continue with 
this robust growth trajectory. 
 The second area that I want to draw your attention to, is the improvement in credit quality. This 
has become extremely important in the backdrop of how the businesses have done in the last 
year. Collection efficiencies we believe are a leading indicator for the health of the lending 
portfolio because what we collect today is ultimately going to see how our gross NPAs will look 
like in future.  
 The collection efficiency therefore is what I want to start with. The collection efficiency for our 
non-OD bucket was 99.3% in December and has further improved to 99.4% in February. These 
are very healthy numbers which typically are a signal of a good year ahead. Similarly, the bucket 
one collection efficiency also has been improving and during the year this collection efficiency 
for the one plus bucket went up from 42.8% in April to 58% in December ‘25 and in February 
‘26 it is actually at 60%.  
 So the credit cost of our business obviously looks like because of the good collection efficiency 
will be down but actually historically also the credit cost for our business has been reducing for 
the last four quarters consistently. And in quarter 3 it was down to only INR83 crores or 4.67% 
of the AUM.  

===== PAGE 7/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 This lowering or the trend of lowering of credit cost is expected to continue into quarter 4 and 
this is visible to us even in the numbers that we've seen in January and February months already. 
So from a credit quality, we are targeting to start the new financial year at a normal level of 
credit cost for our business segment, so we'll exit this financial year with a fairly normalized 
book from a credit perspective also. 
 And the third area is profitability. Although the profits in this financial year have been weighted 
down by two things. One is that we set up the mortgage loans team and in the last one and a half 
year we have added almost more than 1,400 people to the mortgage team. So this is an additional 
cost that is bringing down or bringing up the operating expense ratio, but this team will 
ultimately see the AUMs of mortgage business build up and the cost will automatically come 
down. This is a simple business math as we play out.  
 The second reason for profit being depressed is the higher credit costs. It's no denying that the 
credit costs which we would have liked to see in the 3.5 to 3.75 range has been higher than that 
in this year and that has also brought the profitability down. But going forward we should see a 
robust improvement in profits from the coming quarter as the effect of both these factors are 
lower.  
 First of all, the mortgage AUM has been growing at a good clips, we are already at 22% of the 
22.5% of the portfolio is with property. So that will help in deferring the costs of the new 
mortgage teams and second is that our credit costs have been dropping consistently and now we 
will see the effect in the profits.  
 The total income for the quarter 3 was INR449 crores which was 21.3% growth over year-on-
year and 5% growth quarter-on-quarter. The NIMs have remained at 14.21% in quarter 3 despite 
the increased increasing mix of mortgage loans. Cost of borrowing has reduced to 10.96 and the 
incremental cost of borrowing in quarter 3 was 10.31%. This trend will continue to help us 
improving the NIMs and even though with the increasing mix of mortgage, the NIMs tend to 
become lower, this is a effect that will help us stabilize the NIMs at a good level. 
 The profit after tax for quarter 3 was INR43 crores which has grown 87% over year-on-year and 
primarily it is because the quarter 3 of last year was a depressed quarter. But quarter-on-quarter 
from last quarter we have grown almost 23.4%. So, this shows how rapidly the profit after tax 
is beginning to grow and this acceleration is going to go to further speed up. This profit that I 
mentioned of INR43 crores actually has also absorbed a one-time impact of INR1.7 crores which 
came about because of change in the Labour Law regulations. 
 Now let me go a step deeper by highlighting a few efficiency drivers in our business. I would 
like to draw your attention to Slide number 18. The first efficiency driver is technology and all 
our processes, be they origination, underwriting, repayments, collection are optimally automated 
by use of technology as well as use of data science models and visualization dashboards. These 
are important tools to help optimize the business and maintain strong monitoring day in day out. 
 100% of our loan origination is paperless. 32% of our underwriting at present is done using AI 
ML model that's been in play for the last more than 6 years. 68% of our underwriting still 

===== PAGE 8/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
happens through the cluster-based underwriting method that we had innovated in 2014. 
Repayments are primarily non-cash, you can see that 96.8% of our customers are registered on 
ACH and 84.1% of our collection happens through various digital modes. 
 So clearly a business which is not based on cash collection, that technology also plays an 
important role in our collection capability by providing machine learning models like the bounce 
forecasting model, the collection likelihood score model and we have a in-house data science 
team mentored by our principals or our investors Google Capital which develop various machine 
learning and data science models for us in-house. 
 The second lever for efficiency is the use of branch infrastructure. Now there's often a false 
belief that growth in branch-led businesses are linearly related to branch growth. And here's 
some data which shows it needn't be so. If we look at the December year-on-year growth, the 
pie chart that is shown there, 60% of our growth was contributed by enlarging the fresh AUM 
per branch itself. 
 39% of the growth came from repeat loans and only 1% came from the new branches that had 
been added that had been added in the last 1 year. So clearly it shows that we can derive a lot of 
growth through our branch setup itself and I think there's a graph, a bar graph on the side which 
tells to that FY '24, '25, '26, you see that the branch new branch contribution typically between 
1% to 7% of our growth. 
 This can also be supported by the fact that you see that branches which are up to 2 years old 
typically have a AUM of INR4.8 crores. Branches from 2 to 4 years accrue a AUM of INR8.8 
crores and 4 plus year of branches that we have INR14.5 crores of AUM. 
 So, this is a natural growth and therefore we believe that we don't have to add too many new 
branches. This financial year FY '26 we opened 44 new centers which added to our 527 branches, 
so it's less than 9% of more branches were opened to start the year and which will help us in the 
growth. 
 The third area is on repeat and this without any doubts is a very important aspect of our business 
because we have a customer segment that is has a need that we address comprehensively and it's 
very useful to retain him and to improve the lifetime customer value. We use data science models 
to filter the customers for offering repeat loans so that we pick up the best customers, give them 
a better pricing and moreover the repeat loans use the telecalling channel instead of the field 
team to drive the repeat business. 
 And typically, a telecaller can generate almost INR1.8 crores of repeat loans disbursement in a 
single month. So, it's a very efficient way of getting repeat loans and extending the customer 
stay with us. Repeat loan portfolio also enables that our customer total foreclosure rate remains 
low. We have a very low foreclosure of 3.33% if you look at our first 9 months of FY '26. So 
clearly this is one engine that adds to the efficiency and also helps us improve the quality of our 
portfolio. 
 On Slide 21 is the mortgage business and about three slightly over 3 years, we decided that we 
needed to have a better presence in the mortgage business and we started focusing on mortgage 

===== PAGE 9/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
businesses, mortgage loans after the COVID pandemic with the aim of increasing our loan tenure 
and to reduce the very fast runoff rate that we see in hypothecation loans. 
 Our primary ML team is there in 180 branches and besides that the normal branches also 
generate ML loans in addition to their hypothecation loan targets. Our ML loan has been very 
robust and the ML portfolio as on December 2025 was about INR1,350 crores constituting 21% 
of our overall portfolio. 
 In conclusion, I would say that Aye Finance is in a unique position to address a large target 
segment of underserved micro-MSMEs. Our technology and data science backbone coupled 
with the branch-based sourcing and servicing is optimally suited to address this customer 
segment. 
 The use of prudent underwriting using cluster methodology and machine learning models 
supplemented by a strong collection capability on the field as well as digitally provides an 
additional stability even in phases like demonetization, COVID pandemic, over lending etcetera. 
 Our experienced team of leaders from leading banks, NBFCs and top-tier institutes is committed 
to a vision to transform the landscape of micro-scale businesses. They have been with us many 
years and they bring leadership and stability to the team. Our recent investment in mortgage 
loans are planned to provide us a lift in growth as well as reduction in operating expense ratios. 
 And in the backdrop of the falling credit cost over the last four quarters, we feel confident to 
provide you or share with you our 3-year vision where we are targeting to get to a consistent 
growth of about 30%, a credit cost to be kept in the range of 3.25 to 3.75, opex to be maintained 
between 7 and 7.5 and ROA between 4 and 4.5 with adequate leverage. This is how we would 
target to achieve in a three-year timeline. Thank you once again and with this I will hand over 
the call to back to Vaibhav. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Shalin Kapadia with IIFL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shalin Kapadia: Okay. Sir, I have a couple of questions. First of all, thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulations on great set of numbers. So sir my first question is on AUM and basically its 
mix. So with mortgage loans already at 20% of AUM, what is the target AUM mix that we will 
achieve as we aim 30% CAGR over the next three years? And secondly sir, looking at our 
collection efficiency and credit cost, our asset quality is clearly on an improving trend, but it still 
remains elevated versus our pre-crisis period. So by when do you expect this to settle down sir 
and what is your credit cost guidance for FY27? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: Hi, this is Sovan. I'll pick up the first question with respect to growth. So we believe that the 
mortgage share of the overall portfolio should increase to about 30% which is the ideal mix. So 
the overall portfolio over the next three years is going to be 30% of mortgage and 70% of 
hypothecation loans to achieve the 30% CAGR that we are talking of.  

===== PAGE 10/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 As you rightly mentioned, the collection efficiencies are improving and the credit cost has been 
falling for the last four quarters. This is alongside PAR X also falling for last couple of months 
and for the month of February, the PAR 90 and the NPAs have also come down.  
 So we believe that quarter 4 we should be at a quarterly annualized credit cost of less than 4% 
which is a good place to start the next financial year and come down to a level. Our comfort 
range with respect to credit cost typically is in the 3.5% range with about gross plus 0.25% to 
minus 0.25%. So that is the range and we believe with some 4% credit cost that would be a good 
position to achieve that in the next financial year. 
Shalin Kapadia:  Sir just one follow-up on the mortgage loan piece. So with ML share increasing in the mix and 
also our incremental cost of borrowings has been on a declining trend, so lot of moving parts in 
the NIMs basically. So where do we expect our NIMs to settle in FY 27? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: With respect to guidance, exact guidance with respect to FY 27, we would provide it in the next 
earnings call. However, I can give you some picture with respect to the NIM levels. While the 
overall portfolio yield is coming down because of the increase of mortgage in the portfolio, but 
if you look at this quarter compared to the previous quarter, with the increase of mortgage share 
also the NIMs, the yields have improved.  
 And that is primarily because right now there's a elevated level of reversals because of the higher 
delinquency and flows into NPA that was happening. Our estimate is that roughly around 25 bps 
to 40 bps higher reversals have been happening over the last couple of quarters, which should 
also improve as the delinquency numbers normalize. So there is going to be an offset of reduction 
in yields because of mortgage, however some improvement because of the lower reversals. With 
respect to exact guidance on the NIM and numbers for FY 27, we would like to give it in the 
next earnings call after the year-end. 
Shalin Kapadia:  Got it sir. Thank you so much. That was helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viral Shah with IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah:  Yes hi, congrats and thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions with regards to Bihar. So I 
can see in your PPT you have 8.5% branches in Bihar, but I think your AUM concentration is 
probably in the corridor of 14%, 15%, first of all just that clarification? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: Yes, so the AUM concentration for Bihar is 15.5% odd in the total mix. 
Viral Shah:  Got it. And secondly now incrementally what is your reading of the current draft MFI bill which 
is there and I understand some technicalities of it, but what is it you're basically gathering on the 
ground, is there any I would say chatter around it and if at all it has to come into and become a 
law, what implications do you anticipate? 
Sanjay Sharma: Viral, first of all when you look at the Bihar collection efficiencies and this problem that the 
government has taken note of has been running for the last whole year. So while the action has 

===== PAGE 11/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
come now, the effect has been that MFIs have been on the ground and there have been challenges 
around that.  
 However, we have found that our customer because it's not a consumption loan that is given but 
it's the loan given to a trader or a manufacturing unit there, they have maintained very good 
collection or repayment ratios and that's why collection in Bihar you can see is almost or for the 
months has been between 99.2% and 99.4% for the non-OD and even the bucket one is in the 
40% sort of range.  
 So one is that despite that environment we haven't seen a challenge around our collection. The 
second is that if the regulation has the similar play out as we saw in Karnataka or Tamil Nadu, 
then it will have very minimal effect on non-MFI NBFCs. So NBFCs, for example, when we 
were in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, while we heard that there was a little bit of challenge around 
collection. 
 But neither did we face problems with the regulatory authorities or with the police force there. 
So I think we believe that that could be the way Bihar also plays out and I think over the next 
quarter we'll probably get a better picture, but my sense is that this will play out even the 
collection efficiency of MFIs are improving so gradually it'll die out. 
Viral Shah:  Got it. And just one more follow-up over here, when I look at the bucket one collection efficiency 
right, I think you have given a great disclosure state-wise as well as the overall numbers, just 
wanted to get a sense of and again I'm not talking about the direction of it of course it's 
improving, but compared to most of the other states, why is it that the bucket one collection 
efficiency in Bihar seems to be lower at 40% when I compare it with others and is this a function 
of say the inherently the customers in that geography? 
Sanjay Sharma: See, I think it's a good find. In Bihar we first of all didn't have a collection team and I think last 
year we instituted a collection team, which does the collection of the first bucket and there the 
new person who has just taken over I think about four months back. So one is that that team is 
new and then that's the reason you will see that while bucket one was being collected by the loan 
officers themselves now the team will come in which is our normal process of collecting.  
 So that is one big reason. The second is when you collect 99.4% or over, then the possibility of 
collecting in bucket one becomes difficult because only very few customers who are the tough 
customers go into bucket one. So I think that's the other reason that collection efficiency is low, 
but primarily it is the team that has been put in place and I think you'll see this number increasing. 
Viral Shah:  Got it sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: Sir just a couple of bookkeeping questions. Could you share the PAR 30 and the PAR 90 
numbers for both the LAP book and the hypothecation book at the end of the quarter? 

===== PAGE 12/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Sovan Satyaprakash: Just give us a second. Yes, so with respect to the PAR 90 of the hypothecation loan it was 5.65% 
and the PAR 30 for the hypothecation – sorry 5.95% at the PAR 30 for hypothecation loan book 
stood at 7.54%. With respect to the mortgage portfolio, the PAR 30 was 3.5% and the PAR 90 
was 2.69%. Typically our GNPA levels are marginally lower than our PAR 90 levels so GNPA 
would be adjusted according. 
Chinmay Nema: Got it. And could you also share the same numbers for the end of the last quarter? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: That numbers I will not have readily available. I'll connect separately and we can share the data. 
Chinmay Nemani: Sure sir. And sir secondly just wanted to understand in the 9 months the growth has primarily 
been in the lap book, going forward when can we see a higher growth rate in the hypothecation 
book or basically when do you see stress subsiding in that book? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: So with respect to the hypothecation book, obviously because it is 80% of the portfolio, the 
improvement at a overall portfolio level is being driven by the improvement in the hypothecation 
loan book, so both credit cost and delinquency levels of the hypothecation loan has been coming 
down and that is where the overall portfolio is showing signs of recovery. 
 We had tightened the credit policies in the last financial year and continued with the same 
policies during the course of this financial year also, which has resulted in the approval rates of 
the hypothecation loan coming down at least by about 10% to 15% during different phases of 
the last 18 months or so. As we enter quarter 4 which is typically a higher business quarter across 
years, we are seeing momentum build up even in the hypothecation loan where productivity 
levels have started edging up. 
 So we believe the hypothecation loan kicker with respect to growth should be normalized in the 
next financial year. Mortgage because we have already made a large investment with respect to 
manpower in the mortgage where across various channels the number of people deployed has 
been about 1300 to 1400 odd people and the book is only about INR1400 crores. 
 So mortgage is going to grow at a fast pace, however the hypothecation recovery at least from 
the quarter 4 numbers of January and February clearly show picking up of the productivity and 
which should continue in the next financial year also and in the next financial year we're hopeful 
that hypothecation loan would contribute significantly to the growth of the next financial year. 
Chinmay Nemani: Got it sir, all clear, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameer Bhise with Dymon Asia. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the quarter. Sir I just wanted to understand if 
you could elaborate how do you monitor the end use of the loans and some thoughts around that 
just on how the model is built and then I have a couple of more questions after this? 
Sanjay Sharma: Sameer, I think that's a excellent question. The basic premise of our business is built on the fact 
that we want to lend for business use and that's why any loan that is given, first of all because 

===== PAGE 13/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
we source the loan ourselves, the loan officer goes and meet the customer and so does the credit 
officer on the field who meets the customer to see that there is genuinely a business running and 
it fits into our criteria of whether it's manufacturing, trading etc. 
 Second is that after the loan is given and the loan also given is based on the business cash flows 
assessment so it is appropriate to that business and that's why our hypothecation loan typically 
stay in the INR1 lakhs to INR2 lakhs, because that is typically what a person who has a INR30 
lakhs to a INR1 crores turnover annually will need. 
 So then we go and validate that end use within 45 days a vigilance team goes and visits the 
customer to see whether if someone has said that they'll buy a asset then the asset has been 
purchased or otherwise inventory should look like it has been used the money has been used. 
That's one. 
 Second is one of the reasons again why we don't want mortgage to become more than 30% or 
more than maybe a 50%-70% of our book is because we believe that a mortgage loan for business 
requirements is important so we don't want to give a mortgage loan for a consumption 
requirement and often in businesses we don't find enough need to give someone a INR10 lakhs 
or a INR15 lakhs loan given the size of the business so these are the parameters of end use that 
play out in our business. 
Sameer Bhise: Okay. And if one were to look at recent competition trends if you could highlight if things have 
been materially increasing on the on the mortgage side? 
Sanjay Sharma: Sameer, can you come again with that question sorry lost you in between. 
Sameer Bhise: Can you can you highlight some trends on how competition has been in in in the mortgage loan 
product? 
Sanjay Sharma: On the mortgage loan product, see I think all the on the mortgage loan product I think there are 
many providers in the market and honestly speaking there's a fair amount of supply in the market 
for micro-lap product. In our case because we are targeting primarily businesses, we don't see a 
direct face-to-face competition in most of the times, but there is competition in the market 
sometimes we do also come across a competitor trying to also make an offer. 
 So definitely compared to a hypothecation loan where there's almost no alternate supplier of this 
product, in mortgage you do have that supply. We want to be we already grown to 22% of the 
property-based lending and we are saying that we want to grow it to 30% so it's not as if we have 
a very large way to go or large growth to really achieve. 
 So, I think we're fine, we have our interest rates are in line with what the others provide 
comparable to the market and I think many of our customers are customers who have taken this 
as a first loan for mortgage and I believe that when we look at their satisfaction with our services 
that satisfaction rate is high, we haven't seen foreclosure which I mentioned that we are at a very 
low foreclosure rate of 3.3%. 

===== PAGE 14/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sameer Bhise: And sir you mentioned that Q4 the first 2 months have been very strong. Fair to conclude that F 
'26 and '27 you could grow in the range of 30% or more, is that a fair conclusion? 
Sanjay Sharma: I would think that this is what we should target and it is not beyond us to grow at that pace we 
have shown better growth than this in the historic years. 
Samir Bhise: Okay, okay. And credit cost Sovan I think highlighted four trajectory in the coming quarter 
onwards potentially then ROA… 
Sanjay Sharma: Samir we can't hear you it went… 
Moderator: Yes sir, Samir has been disconnected. Yes sir, Samir is connected again. Samir you can go ahead 
with your question. 
Samir Bhise: Yes. Hi, just wanted to kind of look at say credit cost if they were to decline below 4% as we as 
we enter into FY '27, is 4% ROA for next year a reasonable expectation? 
Sovan Satyaprakash: Obviously we would not want to commit on the exact numbers but how we look at the current 
position and the coming year is that credit cost is at a elevated level at this point of time our 
normal levels at least 1% higher credit cost is what we have at this point of time. Similarly with 
respect to opex also we do believe the operating leverage is going to kick in as the hypothecation 
loan productivities again go back which we are seeing in this quarter. 
 So there are these two big levers with respect to profitability where the credit cost should come 
down and the operational expense also should come down giving us big headroom with respect 
to our profitability levels. 
Sanjay Sharma: I would probably say very likely because if you go to Slide 28 where we have shown the ROA 
tree, our quarter 3 FY '27, we delivered a ROA of 2.75% even with a credit cost of 4.67. So, if 
the credit cost goes below 4 then we have at least a 67-basis points improvement from there. 
Operating expense because it is right now deferring the mortgage teams' cost, this will gradually 
drop and I think that you will see almost close to 67 basis points shaved off from there itself. 
 So that makes it one and a half percent that itself brings you into that range that you're talking 
of 4 over and above that the finance cost is dropping because first of all we have more equity 
and second is our cost of incremental borrowing is at 10.3% which I mentioned. So clearly there 
is some room that is being created in the finance cost also. So, I think net-net I would say yes 
that's the sort of number we should look at. 
Samir Bhise: Great sir, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions at this time, I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Sir sorry to interrupt, there's a question, it's from 
the line of Rohitash Arora and Individual Investor, please go ahead. 
Rohitash Arora: Sir as we are targeting to grow at more than 30% growth rate are we looking to grow at more at 
a particular region or pan India we are trying to grow at 30% plus growth rate? 

===== PAGE 15/15 =====
  Aye Finance Limited
  March 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Sanjay Sharma: See Rohitash on growth it will be across the country. So, we don't find any particular geography 
that we would avoid or where we find that the we have challenges around delinquency or growth. 
And this is quite apparent if you look at our PAR our collection efficiency numbers for non-OD 
bucket, you'll find that when you look at specific states when you look at the rest of India it is 
very, very similar. 
 So the answer to that is no there's no specific state we would avoid yes there are certain states 
which show better promise and better productivity which we focus on and as Sovan had 
mentioned that some of this growth will happen obviously from mortgage business but I think a 
lot of it will happen from an organic growth of the hypothecation loans and today our approval 
rates which used to be 55% are only 45%- 40% to 43%. So clearly as we start opening up and 
coming back to the 55% approval rate automatically the growth of 8% or 9%-10% will get added. 
So that is what the coming year will see. 
Rohitash Arora: And sir are we impacted by new Bihar ordinance regarding microfinance? 
Sanjay Sharma: Viral, this was a question asked but let me just repeat. See first of all historically there has been 
this trend among the MFI customers in Bihar. We've been hearing it for the last whole year and 
yet we have found that the segment of customers since it's a business owner like a trader or a 
manufacturing owner, they have continued to maintain very good repayment ratios and you can 
see in our Bihar portfolio that the collection efficiency at the non-OD customer is 99.3%, 99.4%. 
 So clearly, we have not seen that stress translate to our customers. Second is that we have seen 
similar things play out in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka which did not really impact our customer 
or our customer collection to the effect that it would get serious seriously noted. So we believe 
that Bihar may also follow a similar trend for us. 
Rohitash Arora: Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Rohitash does that answer your question? 
Rohitash Arora: Yes, it does. 
Moderator: Okay, thank you. Sir there are no further questions, you can go ahead with your closing 
comments. 
Sanjay Sharma: Thank you Vaibhav and thanks to thank you everyone for being on this call and listening to our 
story. We believe that we are at the start of an important journey and we need to build our ability 
to build trust and build our business without any surprises and that's what the team is committed 
to and it's a very transparent organization and I think as years go by we'll hopefully demonstrate 
that in full measure to the market. Thank you very much for your support and assurance and 
have a great, great day. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
