
===== PAGE 1/16 =====
 
 
Ref No.: NACL/07/MAY/2026-27                   May 14, 2026 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call held with Investors on May 8, 2026 
 
Ref: Our Intimation letter Ref No. NACL/01/MAY/2026-27 dated May 05, 2026, pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
With reference to the above intimation, the link for the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2026, can be accessed through the following link:  
 
Click here to view Transcript  
 
This intimation is also available at the website of the Company at https://www.northernarc.com/financial-results 
 
For Northern Arc Capital Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Chandra Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip: 544260 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip: NORTHARC 

===== PAGE 2/16 =====
 
 
 
 
“Northern Arc Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 08, 2026 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH MEHROTRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NORTHERN ARC CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
 MR. ATUL TIBREWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NORTHERN ARC CAPITAL LIMITED 
 MR. PARDHASARADHI RALLABANDI – GROUP RISK 
OFFICER AND GOVERNANCE HEAD – NORTHERN ARC 
CAPITAL LIMITED 
 MR. JIGAR SETA – STRATEGY HEAD – NORTHERN ARC 
CAPITAL LIMITED 
 MR. CHETAN PARMAR – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
NORTHERN ARC CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. ABHIJIT TIBREWAL – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
  
 
 
 


===== PAGE 3/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Northern Arc Capital Q4 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this con ference, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Yes, thank you Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. I am Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal, and it is 
our pleasure to welcome you all to this Earnings Call. Thank you very much for joining us for the 
Northern Arc Capital call today to discuss their Q4FY26 Earnings. 
 To discuss the company's earnings, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Ashish Mehrotra, Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Atul Tibrewal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Pardhasaradhi 
Rallabandi, Group Risk Officer and Governance Head; and Mr. Chetan P armar, Head Investor 
Relations. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, we thank the senior management and the Investor Relations 
team of Northern Arc Capital for giving us this opportunity to host them today. 
 I now invite Mr. Mehrotra for his opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for a Q&A. With 
that, over to you, sir. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Okay, thank you Abhijit. Thank you for the kind introduction. Good evening, everyone, and I'm really 
delighted to welcome all of you today evening. I know it's a little late in the evening to discuss Northern 
Arc's performance for the quarter ending 31st March 2026. 
 I'm also joined by my colleague, as Abhijit said earlier, by Atul Tibrewal, our CFO; Pardhasaradhi 
Rallabandi, our Group Risk and Governance Head; Jigar S eta, Head Strategy; and Chetan Parmar,  
Head Investor Relations. 
 I think fair to start the call saying over the last 15 years, Northern Arc has very successfully navigated 
the multiple macroeconomic challenges including COVID, geopolitical disruption, MFI over -
leveraging cycles, evolving regulatory landscape. Despite these headwinds, Northern Arc has 
demonstrated strong resilience, delivering consistent growth both in terms of business and profitability. 
 Our assets under management has grown over the last five years at a CAGR of about 26%, taking us 
to the milestone of INR 16,594 as on 31st of March, led by multi-fold growth in our direct-to-customer 
segment whose contribution increased from 19%, going back to FY '21, to about 59% in FY '26. 
 This shift has given us almost 380 basis points of expansion in our net interest margin from 5.6% to 
9.4% in FY  '26. Importantly, this growth has remained disciplined, quality -led with Net NPA 
consistently maintained below 1%. This disciplined, risk -calibrated AUM growth has translated into 
strong earnings performance with profit after tax has grown at 5-year CAGR of 43% to INR406 crores 
in FY '26, underscoring the resilience, scalability, and profitability of our stated business model. 
 Coming to FY2026, this year was dynamic, marked by tailwinds and headwinds. With regulatory 
development being supportive and macroeconomic challenges and gradually improving credit 

===== PAGE 4/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
environment ensured that we traded with caution. Amidst this backdrop, I am very pleased to announce 
that we continued to build on the momentum with Northern Arc Capital reporting highest ever 
quarterly profit of INR133 crores, taking our overall profit to INR406 crores for FY26. 
 Our AUM has grown by about 22% on a year -on-year basis and about 10% over the previous quarter 
to reach INR 16,594 Cr, outpacing the industry, reflecting the sustained momentum and growth driven 
by direct-to-customer business which now accounts for 59% of our total assets under management. 
 Our direct-to-customer business grew by about 39% on a year-on-year basis, reaching past INR9,800 
crores, in line with our strategy to grow this business.  
We have three lines of businesses in direct-to-consumer, one is the consumer finance business, which 
continued the sustained growth driven by  the demand in the consumption.  The AUM has grown to 
now about INR5,000 crores plus. During the quarter, we've added few more partners, further 
strengthening our distribution capabilities. 70% of our customers are repeat customers, which 
demonstrate powerful proof of underwriting quality and customer stickiness on our pl atform. As a 
company, we remain focused on gathering risk-adjusted yield of approximately 15% and above in this 
business, which is reflected in our consistent performance over the last three years. Additionally, 
much-needed regulatory clarity on availing FLDG benefit while computing ECL provisions on digital 
lending is expected to provide stability in business profitability. Some of you may recollect that last 
year, March, we had to take extraordinary provision. With the clarity coming on 4th of February, this 
now puts the business on a very, very strong footing. 
 The household consumption in India nearly doubled to USD 2.4 tn during 2014 to 2024, growing at a 
faster pace than the major economies such as China, United States, etc. This growth has been driven 
by the rising middle class, demographic advantages, increasing digital and financial inclusion, and 
rapid evolution of e -commerce and retail ecosystem. Our sense is  that the household consumption is 
further expected to reach about 3.4 trillion by 2030, creating significant credit opportunities across the 
consumer consumption ecosystem. 
 The second line of business in direct-to-customer is lending to MSME. Our MSME business continued 
to be a growth engine for Northern Arc with portfolio growing at about 43% on year -on-year basis to 
reach INR 3,691 Cr as on 31st March '26. The growth has been driven by expansion of physical 
footprint, including addition of 17 new branches during FY26 and improved productivity across 
existing branches. 
The portfolio quality continue s to strengthen with X -bucket collection efficiency improving from 
97.8% in September '25 to 98.8% in December '25, further to 99.4% in March '26. Improved collection 
coupled with 100% registered mortgage structures for our loan against property ensure we continue to 
build a very strong loan against property business for the small businesses, 
While credit supply to MSME sector has increased meaningfully, the segment still faces an addressable 
credit gap of nearly 24%, estimated to be about INR30 lakh crores. Given this large, untapped  
opportunity, our continued investment in distribution, talent, infrastructure, technology will position 
us well to deliver disciplined, risk-calibrated growth in MSME segment over the coming quarters and 
years. 

===== PAGE 5/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 The third line of business is rural finance. We recorded highest ever quarterly disbursement of about 
INR305 crores in Q4FY26, reflecting strong 17% quarter-on-quarter growth. As you will recollect, we 
had slowed down the dis bursements over the last few quarters. As a consequence of that, our assets 
under management grew by about 8% QoQ to INR1,009 crores. During this quarter, we expanded our 
footprint with addition of 64 branches, taking our rural network to about 342 branches.  
Again, here we seen a significant improvement in collection efficiency. Our X -bucket collection 
efficiency continued to show a consistent improvement, increasing from 98.7% in September '25 to 
99.4% in December '25 and further improved to 99.6% in March '26. Some of you will recollect that 
states like Karnataka where collection efficiencies were impacted by ordinance issued in Feb '25 has 
also improved from 94.5% to about 99.5%.  
The credit costs have consistently improved quarter -on-quarter to reach 1.3% in Q4 FY26, with full-
year credit cost declining from 6.7 % to 4.9% in FY26. The GNPA remains negligible at about four 
basis point as of March '26. Additionally, I must reiterate that 84% of our MFI book is covered under 
CGFMU, providing strong risk protection.  
The continued investment in branch expansion and sustained improvement in collection efficiency 
with higher CGFMU coverage provides us with confidence to scale this business in a calibrated and 
prudent manner as we go forward. And further, it's important f or me to highlight and reiterate, 100% 
of our rural loans are written, underwritten using our  proprietary scorecard called Nu Score, and that 
gives us a lot more edge in ensuring that we have right selection metrics of customers. 
 Moving on to our credit solution business. We continue to benefit from strong, loyal, expanding base 
of  36 8 originating partners whom we work with. More importantly, the quality of above network 
remain robust and fair to highlight that 90% of our partners are rated BBB and above, reflecting their 
credit strength and underwriting discipline. More importantly, our partner have healthy balance sheet 
with approximately 95% having capital adequacy of more than 20%, providing resilience, supportive 
and sustainable growth across the credit ecosystem in India. 
 Our fee -based business is a key differentiator for Northern Arc. That complements our lending 
operations within the credit solution platform. Our placement volume for FY26 was INR11,834 crores, 
with placement fee income growing by 22% year-on-year to INR31 crores. 
Further, our credit fund's assets under management is INR3,092 crores, which garnered the fee of about 
INR 38 crores in FY26. This performance underscores our strategic focus in building a comprehensive 
credit solution ecosystem leveraging capital -light fee stream along with the balance sheet lending 
model. 
 The company continue to place strong emphasis on credit risk management . We leverage AI and 
machine learning -driven underwriting model, which is complemented by our continuous field 
monitoring. Over the years, we've built a robust data ecosystem comprising of over 50 million data 
points enabling development of 30 plus underwriting model across our businesses. Our risk framework 
is further strengthened by dedicated team of 100 plus professionals.  
In addition to centralized technology -led monitoring, our risk undertakes on -ground visit of nearly 
one-third of districts where we and our partner operate each year, providing valuable insights in local 

===== PAGE 6/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
market dynamics and emerging risk. To put it in context, our portfolio is spread at about 680 districts 
and that means over 220 odd districts we cover in detail, covering multiple partners and our own 
branches network which gives us a far more granular touch and feel of what's happening in the market. 
 Company also follows a conservative provisioning policy. 100% provisions on 90 plus days past due  
for all unsecured loans . While this approach may lead to relatively higher near -term credit cost 
compared to peers, it materially reduces the carry  forward delinquent pool and lowers further 
provisioning requirement. These initiatives have resulted in resilient and well -diversified loan book 
with net NPA consistently being maintained below 1% over the years. 
 During the quarter, RBI issued the guidelines on treatment of default loss guarantee in computation of 
ECL, permitting NBFC to factor in the cash collateral as FLDG, thereby alignin g the regulatory 
approach with IndAS requirement. As a prudent measure, company created a management overlay for 
potential unforeseen events given the current macroeconomic environment and what we are witnessing 
in the West Asia. 
Operationally, the collection efficiencies continued to improve across the key retail portfolio MSME 
LAP and rural finance, with X-bucket collection efficiency reaching 99.4 % and 99.6% respectively. 
Following robust collection performance, Stage -2 assets have shown consistent improvement, 
declining from 2.6% in September to about 1.8% in December '25 and further to 1.5% in March '26. 
This reduction reflects moderation in early bucket stress and continued improvement in overall asset 
quality. Consequently, c redit cost for Q4FY26 has improved to 2.2%, while full -year credit cost 
improved to 2.8% in line with the guidance we have issued earlier.  
As a company, we further strengthened our collection capability through implementation of  
strong collection systems. Platform enhances collection tracking, improves field force productivity, 
and enables sharper delinquency monitoring and support data -driven recovery strategies. We believe 
this will further improve collection efficiency, strengt hen portfolio quality, and support scalable 
growth across the retail lending segment. 
 Overall performance for FY26 was resilient despite the challenges we saw at the beginning of the year 
arising out of the Karnataka microfinance ordinance. We have entered the new fiscal year on a strong 
footing with disbursal momentum sustaining at the level seen in the recent month and remain confident 
of delivering a robust growth trajectory for FY27.  
Looking ahead, we remain watchful of evolving risk including geopolitical tension in West Asia, 
potential impact on weather and monsoon, we believe the company is well positioned to sustain its 
growth momentum through a calibrated risk management and disci plined execution while continuing 
to protect the profitability and the portfolio quality.  
With that, I'm going to request my colleague Atul, our CFO, to walk you through our financial results 
in detail. Thank you. 
Atul Tibrewal: Thank you, Ashish, and good evening, everyone. I appreciate you joining us for the Northern Arc's 
Q4FY26 earnings call. Let me start with two important milestones that we have crossed during the 
year. First, our assets under management stood at a INR16,594 crores, reflecting a growth of 22% year-
on-year and 10% Q-o-Q.  

===== PAGE 7/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Secondly, we have crossed PAT of INR400 crores in FY26.  
So, within the AUM mix, the direct -to-customer business contributed 59% with MSME finance at 
22%, consumer finance at about 30%, and MFI at 6%. 
The net interest income for Q4FY26grew by 21% Y -o-Y to INR387 crores. For FY26, NII grew by 
20% Y-o-Y to INR1,377 crores and NIMs improved by 25 basis points year-on-year to 9.4%. The cost 
of fund for FY26 decreased by 48 basis points year -on-year to 8.5%. Cof for Q4FY26 was at 8.5%. 
The incremental cost of fund Q4FY26 was at around 8.6%.  
The net revenue, including the fee income for FY26, grew 19% Y -o-Y to INR1,484 crores and for 
Q4FY26 grew by 18% Y -o-Y to INR414 crores. Our o pex ratio for FY26 and Q4FY26 was flat at 
3.6% and 3.7% respectively. We have added 66 branches and merged two branches during the quarter. 
Pre-provisioning operating profit for FY26 grew by 21% Y -o-Y to INR956 crores. For quarter four 
FY26, it grew by 17% Y-o-Y to INR269 crores. 
 GNPA and NNPA improved quarter-on-quarter to 1.2% and 0.6% respectively. Credit cost improved 
from 3.2% in FY25 to 2.8% in FY26, which is in line with the guidance given in the previous calls. 
Credit cost for Q4FY26 improved from 3.5% in Q3FY26 to 2.2% in Q4 FY26.  
Profit after tax for FY26 increased by 33% Y -o-Y to INR406 crores. For Q4FY26, it increased by 
251% Y-o-Y and 32% quarter -on-quarter to INR133 crores. ROA for FY26 grew by 34 basis points 
Y-o-Y to 2.8%. ROA for Q4 increased by 66 basis points Q-on-Q to 3.3%. ROE for the FY26 increased 
by 110 basis points to 11.1%, and ROE for Q4FY26 increased by 326 basis points to 14%. 
 On the liability front, in line with our debt strategy and AUM growth plans, we continue to diversify 
our funding base with a clear focus on long-term sources. Liquidity remains comfortable with positive 
cumulative mismatch across all time buckets. As on March 31st, we held a surplus of close to INR1,250 
crores with a good mix of cash and bank balance and undrawn sanctions from various banks and 
institutions.  
Total borrowings at the end of the quarter stood at INR12,258 crores, with around 60% linked to 
variable interest rate, positioning us well to benefit from the ong oing decline in interest rates. Our 
funding mix remains well diversified with 25% sourced from offshore and DFI partners and the balance 
from domestic banks and institutions. Our incremental cost of fund in Q4FY26 was 8.6% down from 
9.3% same period last year. 
Tangible net worth stood at INR3,896 crores, which grew by 13% Y -o-Y. So, we have strengthened 
the balance sheet materially. Our debt -equity ratio improved from 3.9x in March 2024 to 3.1x as of 
March 2026. 
Capital adequacy remains quite strong at 22.6%, well above the regulatory requirement, giving us 
ample headroom to grow the balance sheet over the next two to three years. Thank you so much, and 
we now open for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from 
the line of Digant Haria with GreenEdge Wealth. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 8/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Digant Haria: Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity , Ashish and team, congratulations. Last quarter, we hit a 
century, we are now comfortably above that number. So, I'll start with one question. It seems like our 
flight has taken off, but now with the macro situation, which is evolving, what kind of guidance would 
we like to give for FY27 for loan growth and ROAs, you know, the two? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Yes, thank you very much. I think as we look at it, given the disciplined execution and focus on risk 
and what we are investing in building capabilities both in terms of collection, risk management  and 
AI. Our sense is we should be able to grow business at about three times of GDP, so look at anywhere 
between 22% to 25%, and that's our commitment to the Street on a forward -looking basis unless we 
see something massive. We've obviously recalibrated some segments, sectors to ensure we stay prudent 
on where we think the risk could be higher. 
And I think from where we ended on a full-year basis, my objective is to get to 3 plus return on assets 
and like we said over the next 8 to 10 quarters, get to mid-teens and late-teens ROE, and we are pretty 
disciplined, focused on what we want to do and how we want to achieve. 
 The good thing is that the building block across the three D2C lines of businesses is set. Further, our 
credit solution business is a comprehensive play with ability to participate from balance sheet, credit 
funds with new sets of funds being launched, building a bond's platform  and a placement business  
where securitization is key contributor. 
We placed almost INR10,000 crores of securitization deals in the market last year. So, all of that creates 
very strong competitive moats for what we do.  
Disciplined execution with platform build-out on a digital side, the growth in Digital Lending sector 
enables us to ensure that we generate the risk -adjusted return of upward of 15% which I believe  
requires very sharp focus. 
Our tech and risk capabilities are core to our business . Building out of the MSME, which is a very 
important sector, but being more cautious with it given there is a larger number of player wanting to 
participate, more importantly in some of the segments you could see higher bit of stress in a shorter 
period of time, and so ensure your risk underwriting principles they are aligned. 
And rural, back in  later part of 20 24, we started bringing down  the exposure, we actually brought it 
down from INR 1,500 Cr, to down to about INR 900 Cr, and we are now building it back and we've 
seen the performance which gives us a confidence to build it back. 
We ensure irrespective of what kind of the loan is, it goes through our proprietary scorecards which 
gives us lot more confidence apart from CGFMU cover. End of the day when you originate a loan, you 
originate it to ensure that you get right set of risk-adjusted return. 
So, I think if we continue to stay on course on our strategy on building comprehensive solution in 
direct-to-customer business, building on the competitive moats on the fee franchise, our path is pretty 
clearly laid down to where we are today, where we want to get to next fiscal, the f ollowing fiscal and 
thereafter. 

===== PAGE 9/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
I think this is in line with what we've said strategically and, in the past, how do we get to mid to late 
teens RoE and I think that path is set out for us. 
Digant Haria: Okay thanks Ashish. That was quite detailed. I think you touched upon two points in your comments, 
which I just wanted to check. This MSME, especially the merchant lending part within the MSME and 
this whole consumer, direct-to-consumer finance that has probably grown at 50% this year. 
So, just wanted to check, is there any risk building up or  because that's a segment where I think our 
average ticket size is hardly INR20, INR30 thousand. So, if you can just give some color on, why we 
grew at 50% and then what are the risk measures and what opportunities do you see? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Okay, so we underwrite on the consumer finance side, which is essentially linked to the consumption, 
about 25,000 to 26,000 loans a day. Each loan's underwritten through our scorecards and we are very 
sharply focused on the risk-adjusted return. 
We then have multiple cohorts to ensure that we balance that risk across customer segments, scorecard 
distribution of the quality of new flow coming in. What gives us a confidence in what we've done and 
how we've built it is two parts: how our stock of book is performing, more importantly, what is the 
quality of the customers coming to you every day through the door. 
That's your future and what you have in the book is what you have in the book. And I think if you look 
at it, that business on a risk-adjusted basis making 15%, and we continue to invest in it and build this 
business right. 
 MSME we actually recalibrated our strategy given we witness some bit of overlap between the MFI 
and other sectors. Our average ticket size is about INR 11 to 15 lakhs, we don't operate in, zero to five 
or less than seven lakhs loans because we want certain size and quality of customers to come in. 
We are happy to operate at 17-18% kind of yield, we are not chasing 24% yield. We follow imperfect 
/ estimated income but with perfect collateral (100% registered mortgage). It is an estimated income 
with a perfect collateral. And that gives us a confidence that quality of book over a period of time will 
create a strong annuity franchise for Northern Arc.  
We were starting from a small base , so, it's unfair to compare us to other player. Our D2C business 
collectively is about INR9,800 crores. So, when you start from a smaller base, your growth numbers 
looks higher, but in reality the market is huge and we have to ensure we stay focused both in terms of 
our risk principles and how do we connect, engage with our customers. I think those are two big pieces. 
Digant Haria: Perfect, perfect. Thanks, Ashish. Just one suggestion to you and the team that in the, in our MSME, 
we can probably separate out that merchant lending part because that's a dig ital piece, rest everything 
is a physical world business. So, if we can do that, that would be good. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Good feedback, we will obviously look at it, but that's also an important piece where we recalibrated 
a lot, but the nature of merchants can be very different, but good feedback noted, we'll try and see how 
do we restack as we get into the new fiscal year. Thanks. 

===== PAGE 10/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Digant Haria: Perfect, perfect. Wish you all the best. And last just one question for Atul is that, you know, is there 
any one-off in the result like, is that Aviom write-back or something or this is like pure organic? 
Atul Tibrewal: It's pure organic, except for the DLG that we spoke about, but ap art from that there is no  one-off. 
Aviom we continue to provide, so there is no one-off as far as the credit cost and others are concerned. 
Digant Haria: Perfect, perfect. Congratulations to the team. Thank you so much. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raghav with Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: Hey, hi. Good evening, and thanks for the opportunity. I just have a few questions. One, I understand 
that in the intermediate retail lending piece, you through that piece you have developed expertise in 
vehicle finance and affordable housing finance over a period of time? 
Do you plan to launch any of these products, say maybe in next one, two years or maybe over the 
medium term? If not these, then do you have plans to launch any other new product, in addition to 
MSME, MFI and consumer finance that you're doing al ready, which could help you on which would 
build on your retail lending growth? That's my first question. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thanks. It's a relevant question. Obviously, two things will happen: in consumer finance, we'll try and 
build more capabilities to create a convenient financing solution, thereby if customers is transacting 
and needs a financing solution, we are working with partner who can provide that financing solution 
directly. 
The second, we, in the current network of branch, we can obviously do affordable housing. We want 
to ensure that the loan against property business reaches a certain size and scale, and then we can open 
that product. 
My learning over the years is the time you open the focus on the affordable housing segment, then the 
focus on the business loans comes down, and we want to stay sharply focused right now on business 
loans. 
Affordable Housing product is anyway approved by our board, at some point of time, opportune point 
in time, we will launch it as a network matures over a period of time. 
Raghav: Understood. The other question is that your ECL coverage overall or even if I look at on a stage -wise 
basis has been coming down. How should one read that, why is that happening? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Sorry, why don't I get Pardha to talk about it. 
Pardhasaradhi R.: Yes, as you would have heard, the Reserve Bank of India has amended the guideline to provide the 
benefit of DLG that is available on our portfolio to be reflected in the financials. We did get some 
benefit from that. Because of which, the expected losses which are covered by the DLG, which in the 
end anyway would not have translated toa credit loss for us, is something that we didn't have to provide, 
resulting in the ECL requirement for that portfolio has come down. 

===== PAGE 11/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
As the mix of that in Stage -2 assets is pretty high, so basically these are 31 to 90 sort of DPD loans, 
which were actually backed by the FLDG that is available for that portfolio. However, the benefit of 
that was not available earlier. Post the RBI guideline which came in February 26, we could take benefit 
of that. 
Because of which, optically the ECL coverage has come down for the Stage -2. However, this benefit 
was always available to us, and the credit losses in any way would not have come to us. 
Raghav: But this -- so your ECL coverage is 12%, you're saying the reduction from 24% from the December 
quarter is because of the RBI guideline, but say even when I look at or compare this with what you 
had in ‘24 or ‘25, may not be ‘25 because that's when the guidelines came, but if I compare it to ‘24 
then it's lower, right? 
And even on Stage-3, the coverage has been coming down. Ideally, I don't think that that would -- the 
RBI guidelines would impact Stage-3, please correct me if I'm wrong, but yes, that is where I wanted 
to understand as to why the ECL 3 coverage has been coming down and why is Stag e-2 lower than 
even FY24 levels? 
Pardhasaradhi R.: Again, Stage -2 is lower because of the portfolio mix change. In FY2023 –24, the proportion of 
portfolios covered by FLDG was relatively low, because of which the requirement for ECL was higher 
at that at that point of time. Over a period, more than 50% of the portfolio in Stage 2, that is 31 to 90 
DPD, is covered by FLDG because of which the ECL requirement has now come down with the new 
RBI guidelines. 
Coming to Stage-3, what we had earlier as Stage-3 assets were unsecured. Now the mix has changed 
and now whatever we are carrying as Stage -3 assets are mainly coming from MSME secured where 
obviously you get the benefit of the collateral that is available because of which the ECL coverage 
requirement for that is lower. 
Raghav: Understood. And just to confirm, I think Ashish mentioned mid-to-high teens ROE in 7 to 8 quarters, 
right? So, you could be looking at a 15 % to 18% range in next two years, is that is that a fair 
assumption? 
Ashish Mehrotra: About 8 to 8 to 10 quarters, yes, that's the target. 
Raghav: Okay. Yes, in about two to two and a half years, you should be looking at about 15% to 18% ROE. 
Ashish Mehrotra: 15% to 17%. 
Raghav: Okay, sure. Yes, that was all from my side. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
  

===== PAGE 12/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Chintan Shah: Yes, congratulations on the quarter on the very strong set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. 
So, firstly on the credit cost, so it has declined quite meaningfully in this quarter and it  we ended the 
year around 2.8%. 
So, what kind of number are we targeting for FY27 and just for clarification, this credit cost of 2.8% 
is now the net credit cost after adjusting for the FLDG provision? Yes, that's the first question. 
Pardhasaradhi R.: Yes, the overall year credit cost of 2.8% is after taking after adjusting for the FLDG benefit  and the 
overlay of INR 66 crore created as measure of prudence for future uncertainty. And going forward 
also, we would expect the credit cost to be in the range of 2.7 % to 2.8%, that is what is the plan 
projection. 
Chintan Shah: And on the borrowing piece, so now incremental cost of funds have has seen a quite some decline in 
this year. It is now at 8.7 versus 9.3 last year. But probably now with the rate hike pause, rate cut pause, 
do we expect this to bottom out or on further moderation expected in the coming quarters as well? Yes. 
Atul Tibrewal: So Chintan, in our past calls, we have been mentioning that we have been doing lot of variable interest 
rate borrowings. But I think for the last one quarter , we are seeing the interest rate bottoming out and 
that's the reason we have been adding more fixed rate papers. 
In fact, our share of the fixed rate has now gone up from around 30% to around 40% of our overall 
borrowing. So, we are doing more NCDs, we are doing more ECB transactions in the last four quarters. 
Market has been tough and we have seen liquidity tighten. We have seen the G-Sec rates going up by 
close to 50 basis points. 
We have also seen the hedge cost going up significantly over the last couple of months. But I think 
despite that, we have been able to maintain our cost of borrowings quite efficiently. We have borrowed 
close to around INR8,000 crores during the last financial year. Our total borrowing outstanding is now 
almost at INR12,900 crores. 
But yes, we are seeing the interest rate bottoming out and with inflation going up, in next couple of 
quarters we should see the RBI also increasing rates. We have also not seen too much of transmission 
by the banking sector post the reduction of the repo rates by the RBI. 
SI think overall this has been a good year for us as far as the treasury ma nagement is concerned. We 
have brought down the cost of fund incrementally from 9.3% last year to 8.7% and on the overall book, 
our cost of fund has come down by 50 basis points to 8.5% p.a. 
Chintan Shah: Yes, so but from FY ’27 perspective, do we expect some moderation in the margins given the rise in 
the cost of fund or will that be set off by the benefit on the yields? 
Atul Tibrewal: I think we will definitely not see a reduction in the cost of fund, but we will be able to hold on to the 
numbers that we have demonstrated this year. So, maybe we will not see any further reduction, but I 
think 8.5% to 8.6% is something we'll be able to hold  and with the expansion in the D2C mix should 
see improvement in yields 

===== PAGE 13/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Ashish Mehrotra: Pertinent to highlight as the mix continues to improve from 59 % to targeted 65%, you will see some 
bit of expansion in NIMs. More importantly, we are seeing the MFI market stabilizing and resurrecting. 
I also see it gives us a lot more tailwinds in our placement business and other fee lines,  and so I will 
be fairly bullish and as we look at these things unfolding, assuming that the current West Asia crisis 
gets resolved over this quarter and so and so forth. Because the underlying portfolio on MFI, which 
used to be large part of our credit solution business, also will give us a much-needed tailwind. 
Chintan Shah: Sure, this is very helpful. Thank you and all the best for the future quarters. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: Ashish, Chetan, everyone, thank you so much for the opportunity and really great set of results. Hope 
I'm audible? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Yes, thank you. 
Pavan Kumar: Yeah, so across the parameters that you have given guidance on meeting 60% D2C or the 3% ROA 
across the parameters you have done like a tremendous job. So, congrats on that. So, couple of 
questions. On the credit cost front, right? So, last year when the RBI regulation has come in, we had 
to make a additional provision of 80 crores on the FLDG, but this year the reversal is only INR25 
crores or INR29 crores and similarly why is the number so much lower this year compared to whatever 
write-back that we could get last year, that's one part. Second part is, you know, if I adjust for that and 
the additional provision that you have made, the actual credit cost this quarter is only INR50 crores. Is 
that understanding, correct? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Right. Atul, Pardha, you want to walk the mat ? but before you go, I think the way we look at it, you 
know, at in the last March 2025 when this guidance with regards to DLG happened , using that benefit, 
our position was that as an abundant caution, we creating this reserve. We knew at some point of time 
with regards to the regulation the interpretation will seek will get clarified over a period , which 
happened in Feb 2026. If you adjust for that, I think we will hold to 2.7 % to 2.8%, and Partha you 
might want to walk through or Atul you might want to walk through the field math so that, you know, 
there is a clarity around it. 
Pardhasaradhi R.: Just few clarifications. Number one is that INR29 crores number that you are seeing is only for the Q4, 
not the full -year number. Second is the 80 crores was the requirement at that point of time and the 
amount of provision that we took in Q4FY25 was 68 crores. Adjusted for all this, the actual the credit 
cost without the overlay and adjusted for all this would have been closer to around 120 crores, which 
would have been much closer to the 2.9% to 3%, the which we would have otherwise got. 
Pavan Kumar: So, this quarter number would have been 120 crores approximately? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Number, but I think you need to adjust for what you took as one-time because there and now this clarity 
exists, so that's why we say on a steady state forward-looking, we should be able to hold 2.7% to 2.8% 

===== PAGE 14/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Pavan Kumar: Got it, sir. And in one of the questions earlier, you have mentioned that most of the credit cost in 
MSME is coming from the secured lap. Is and earlier in the presentation… 
Pardhasaradhi R.: No. What I mentioned is that given our accounting policy is to write off the unsecured retail loans at 
90 DPD, the asset build -up in Stage-3 happens to be the MSME secured, because of which the ECL 
requirement for that is lower. 
Pavan Kumar: Understood. So, earlier on a quarterly basis, you used to give credit cost by segment, this year I mean, 
this quarter in the presentation I feel it for the full year, but I don't know if I'm see not seeing it, but I 
can't see the quarterly basis. 
Ashish Mehrotra: It will be in the full-year basis. 
Pavan Kumar: Okay, it'd be great if you can give it for the quarterly basis as well, that would be yeah. And one last 
thing, on the MSME LAP, I know you mentioned that you are not seeing any impact from the war or 
the conflict related issues, but are you how are you l ooking going forward, like in terms of the credit 
quality, piece and in terms of disbursements ramp up? Yeah, that's it from my end. 
Ashish Mehrotra: So, on the potential conflict, the entire MSME universe, and between gas, petrol,  chemicals, pesticide, 
, all of that is less than 2% of our book  And obviously like I said in my early comment, that we've also 
calibrated it from February 2026 onwards from the advent of this event across whether it was financing 
the merchants, whether it is secured lending, whether it is so I think that gives us a confidence saying 
why we remain calibrated in terms of  the way we go about building asset, you know, stay very sharply 
focused on the quality of book. 
Pavan Kumar: Got it. Thank you, all the best. I'll come back in the queue. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kaushik Agarwal from Haitong. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Agarwal: Yeah, hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. Hope I am audible? 
Moderator: Sir you are audible. You may proceed. 
Kaushik Agarwal: Yeah, So, I have two questions. So, firstly on slide number 16 referring to the consumer finance 
business, there the net yields number you have mentioned are broadly sticky at around 15-odd percent. 
In the last slide I was seeing that this number was roughly the targeted range which you indicated was 
marginally higher. 
 So, just wanted to know has there been any reduction on the yield side over here? Second piece on the 
consumer finance business only what I wanted to understand is from the partners which you have 
mentioned there are roughly 28 partners. So, anything if yo u can mention around the color if there is 
any concentrated exposure towards any particular partner? Like I wanted to understand whether the 
book is reasonably diversified or not, and if you can mention something on the asset quality piece as 
well. And then the second question is on the borrowing side. 

===== PAGE 15/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 So, on the borrowing mix, I can see that from December to March quarter you have your borrowing 
mix from the banking channel has gone down. This seems to be slightly counter -intuitive because 
broadly the market yields have moved up. And even on the banking  data when we see that lending 
towards NBFCs have actually gone up. So, what what's your strategy in terms of raising money from 
the borrowing side and on the cost of fund side if you can broadly give some color on these two 
questions? 
Ashish Mehrotra: Okay, sure. We've always said that the risk -adjusted yield on the consumer finance book will hover 
between 15 to 16%. If you refer to the some of the previous conversation and my original comment, 
we continue to calibrate our customer selection and underwrite each customer which comes in through 
the door. But consciously over the last, if I look at it over the last 24 months, few things we've 
consciously avoided and you know, actually brought down short tenure portfolio to almost zero one. 
 We want to ensure little bit of sticky for 15  to18 months kind of a book rather than short term book 
which we thought while gives us high yield but also comes with a higher cost. The second we've also 
put a cap on the end APR given our reputation for nature of business we do. So, obviously we let go 
of some segments which we thought may not be long -term accretive in line with the Northern Arc 
values and principles. I think on the liability side I'm going to ask Atul to talk 
Atul Tibrewal: Earlier on Chintan's question, I had mentioned that we have been increasing our share of fixed rate 
instruments because we believe that the interest rate has bottomed out. So, in the last few months, we 
have been doing more of capital market issuances and a lot of offshore borrowings, which both have a 
fixed interest rate. 
 So, our share has gone up as far as the fixed rate is concerned and the bank borrowings has also come 
down. The bank borrowings used to be close to about65% of my total borrowing in March 25, this has 
consciously come down to around 52% as we speak in March 26. We should be quite okay with a 
lower dependency on bank borrowing and rather diversify more on the offshore and on the capital 
market issuances. 
 We have also been able to do lot of transactions under the securitization route, especially the PTC 
transactions, and I think diversification will be key going forward as well. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Thanks Atul. 
Kaushik Agarwal: Got it, sir. Got it, sir. Just one last question on the consumer business side. What would be your risk -
adjusted return or the ROA on this piece of business? I believe that this would be substantially higher 
than the overall business ROA. 
Ashish Mehrotra: Yes, it is, I said the risk -adjusted yield is 15% 15 to 16% range, return on assets will be obviously 
much higher if you look at it upward of close to about 4%. 
Kaushik Agarwal: Okay. Thank you, thank you so much, sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 

===== PAGE 16/16 =====
 Northern Arc Capital Limited 
  May 08, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Ashish Mehrotra: I just want to thank everyone for participating and joining us today evening. I know it's late on Friday 
evening and hence we wanted to respect the time. Thank you all, and myself, Atul, Chetan and Partha 
will be happy to engage if you have any other question to answer. Chetan will connect and ensure to 
answer all your questions. Thank you all, have a great weekend and a great year ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services and Northern Arc, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
