
===== PAGE 1/3 =====
 
 
IPO Review 
 
February 9, 2026 
Price Band: ₹ 122-129      
Aye Finance  
 UNRATED  
 ICICI Securities – Retail Equity Research 
 
  
Lender focused on small MSME loans…. 
About the Company:  Aye Finance Limited is a non -banking finance company 
focused on bridging the credit gap for the underserved micro, small, and medium 
enterprise (MSME) sector. Founded in 2014, by Sanjay Sharma and Vikram Jetley, 
the company primarily lends to under -served borrowers across manufacturing, 
trading and service segments. 
• As on September  2025, AUM stood at ₹6027.6 crore, catering to a wide 
customer base of ~5.9 lakhs.  
• As of September 2025, the company has ~568 branches across 18 states 
and 3 UTs.  
Key triggers/Highlights: 
• Aye Finance targets micro -scale businesses with annual turnover of ₹20 
lakh–1 crore and minimum operating history of two years, predominantly 
in semi -urban areas, across manufacturing, trading, services and allied 
agriculture. 
• The company maintains a granular portfolio with an ATS on disbursement 
of approximately ₹ 1.8 lakh. 
• Aye Finance’s AUM mix comprised of ~41% secured hypothecation loans, 
~38% unsecured hypothecation loans, ~2% Saral property loans and ~19% 
mortgage loans.  
• As of September 30, 2025, ~90.9% of customers owned their residence or 
place of business, ~37.2% of newly sourced customers were new-to-credit, 
highlighting deep penetration into underbanked yet established MSMEs.  
• Aye Finance follows a cluster-based underwriting framework built on deep 
understanding of 70+ micro -enterprise business clusters, combining field -
led cash -flow assessment, proprietary data science models to reduce 
subjectivity, and centralised credit approvals, supported by strong on -
ground vigilance and collections integration. 
 
Our View & Rating   
• Aye Finance is a well-established niche MSME lending franchise lending to 
under-served segment. While business growth remained robust, relatively 
higher credit cost remains a drag on return ratios. Stabilization in credit 
cost, with diversification in to secured mortgage segment remains key 
monitorable.  
• At upper price band, the company is valued at ~1.4x H1FY26 BV. We assign 
UNRATED rating on Aye Finance. 
 
Key risk & concerns 
• Unsecured loans at 38% of book (as of Sep 2025)  
• Company typically serves micro scale MSMEs in Tier II, Tier III and Tier IV 
cities, with relatively higher risk of default 
 
₹ crore FY23 FY24 FY25 Q2FY26 2 year CAGR 
(FY23-FY25)
NII 369 622 858 475 53%
PPP 145 359 514 255 88%
PAT 40 172 175 65 110%
BV (₹)* 41.7 68.1 87.8 99.9 45%
P/E 50.2 12.1 13.6 48.7
P/BV 3.1 1.9 1.5 1.3
RoA 1.5 4.3 3.1 1.9
RoE 5.5 17.3 12.1 7.6  
Source: RHP, ICICI Direct Research; Valuation at upper limit of price band  including fresh issue; *No. of shares adjusted for CCPS conversion in 
FY25; Numbers for Q2FY26 are non-annualised  
 
 
IPO Details 
 
   
Shareholding pattern 
   
Objects of the issue 
 
Research Analyst 
Vishal Narnolia 
vishal.narnolia@icicisecurities.com 
 
Nivedita Choudhary 
nivedita.choudhary@icicisecurities.com 
 
 
 
Key Financial Summary 
 

===== PAGE 2/3 =====
  
ICICI Securities | Retail Research  2 
 ICICI Direct Research 
 
IPO Review | Aye Finance 
 
 
 
 
RATING RATIONALE 
ICICI Direct endeavours to provide objective opinions and recommendations. ICICI Direct assigns ratings to 
companies that are coming out with their initial public offerings and then categorises them as Subscribe, 
subscribe for the long term, Unrated and Avoid. 
 
Subscribe: Apply for the IPO 
Avoid: Do not apply for the IPO 
Unrated: No View on applying for the IPO 
Subscribe only for long term: Apply for the IPO only from a long-term investment perspective (>two years) 
 
 
Pankaj Pandey Head – Research pankaj.pandey@icicisecurities.com 
  
ICICI Direct Research Desk, 
ICICI Securities Limited, 
Third Floor, Brillanto House, 
Road No 13, MIDC, 
Andheri (East) 
Mumbai – 400 093 
 
 research@icicidirect.com  
 
 

===== PAGE 3/3 =====
  
ICICI Securities | Retail Research  3 
 ICICI Direct Research 
 
IPO Review | Aye Finance 
 
ANALYST CERTIFICATION 
I/We, Vishal Narnolia, MBA, Nivedita Choudhary, MBA, Research Analysts, authors and the names subscribed to this report, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research 
report accurately reflect our views about the subject issuer(s) or securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific 
recommendation(s) or view(s) in this report. It is also confirmed that above mentioned Analysts of this report have not received any compensation from the companies mentioned in the 
report in the preceding twelve months and do not serve as an officer, director or employee of the companies mentioned in the report. 
 
Terms & conditions and other disclosures:  
ICICI Securities Limited (ICICI Securities) is a full-service, integrated investment banking and is, inter alia, engaged in the business of stock brokering and distribution of financial products. 
ICICI Securities is Sebi registered stock broker, merchant banker, investment adviser, portfolio manager and Research Analyst . ICICI Securities is registered with Insurance Regulatory 
Development Authority of India Limited (IRDAI) as a composite corporate agent and with PFRDA as a Point of Presence. ICICI Securities Limited Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number 
– INH000000990. ICICI Securities Limited SEBI Registration is INZ000183631 for stock broker. Registered Office Address: ICICI V enture House, App asaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, 
Mumbai - 400 025. CIN: L67120MH1995PLC086241, Tel: (91 22) 6807 7100. ICICI Securities is a subsidiary of ICICI Bank which is India’s largest private sector bank and has its various 
subsidiaries engaged in businesses of housing finance, asset management, life insurance, general insurance, venture capital fund management, etc. (“associates”), the details in respect of 
which are available on www.icicibank.com. 
 
Investments in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before 
investing.  
 
Registration granted by Sebi and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any a ssurance of returns to investors. None of the research 
recommendations promise or guarantee any assured, minimum or risk-free return to the investors. 
 
Name of the Compliance officer (Research Analyst): Mr. Atul Agrawal 
Contact number: 022-40701000 E-mail Address: complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com 
 
For any queries or grievances: Mr. Jeetu Jawrani Email address: headservicequality@icicidirect.com Contact Number: 18601231122 
 
ICICI Securities is one of the leading merchant bankers/ underwriters of securities and participate in virtually all securiti es trading markets in India. We and our associates might have 
investment banking and other business relationship with a significant percentage of companies covered by our Investment Research Department. ICICI Securities and its analysts, persons 
reporting to analysts and their relatives are generally prohibited from maintaining a financial interest in the securities or derivatives of any companies that the analysts cover. 
 
Recommendation in reports based on technical and derivative analysis centre on studying charts of a stock's price movement, o utstanding positions, trading volume etc as opposed to 
focusing on a company's fundamentals and, as such, may not match with the re commendation in fundamental reports. Investors may visit icicidirect.com to view the Fundamental and 
Technical Research Reports. 
 
Our proprietary trading and investment businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations expressed herein.  
 
ICICI Securities Limited has two independent equity research groups: Institutional Research and Retail Research. This report has been prepared by the Retail Research. The views and 
opinions expressed in this document may or may not match or may be contrary with the views, estimates, rating, and target price of the Institutional Research. 
 
The information and opinions in this report have been prepared by ICICI Securities and are subject to change without any noti ce. The report and information contained herein is strictly 
confidential and meant solely for the selected recipient and may not be  altered in any way, transmitted to, copied or distributed, in part or in whole, to any other person or to the media or 
reproduced in any form, without prior written consent of ICICI Securities. While we would endeavour to update the information  herein on a reasonable basis, ICICI Securities is under no 
obligation to update or keep the information current. Also, there may be regulatory, compliance or other reasons that may pre vent ICICI Securities from doing so. Non -rated securities 
indicate that rating on a particular security has been suspended temporarily and such suspension is in compliance with applicable regulations and/or ICICI Securities policies, in 
circumstances where ICICI Securities might be acting in an advisory capacity to this company, or in certain other circumstances.  
 
This report is based on information obtained from public sources and sources believed to be reliable, but no independent veri fication has been made nor is its accuracy or completeness 
guaranteed. This report and information herein is solely for informational purpose and shall not be used or considered as an offer document or solicitation of offer to buy or sell or subscribe 
for securities or other financial instruments. Though disseminated to all the customers simultaneously, not all customers may  receive this report at the same time. ICICI Securities will not 
treat recipients as customers by virtue of their receiving this report. Nothing in this report constitutes investment, legal,  accounting and tax advice or a representation that any investment 
or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your specific circumstances. The securities discussed and opinions expressed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, who must make 
their own investment decisions, based on their own investment objectives, fina ncial positions and needs of specific recipient. This may not be taken in substitution for the exercise of 
independent judgment by any recipient. The recipient should independently evaluate the investment risks. The value and return on investment may vary because of changes in interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates or any other reason. ICICI Securities accepts no liabilities whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind arising out of the use of this report. Past performance is not 
necessarily a guide to future performance. Investors are advised to see Risk Disclosure Document to understand the risks associated before investing in the securities markets. Actual results 
may differ materially from those set forth in projections. Forward-looking statements are not predictions and may be subject to change without notice.  
 
ICICI Securities or its associates might have managed or co -managed public offering of securities for the subject company or might have been mandated by the subject company for any 
other assignment in the past twelve months.  
 
ICICI Securities or its associates might have received any compensation from the companies mentioned in the report during the period preceding twelve months from the date of this report 
for services in respect of managing or co-managing public offerings, corporate finance, investment banking or merchant banking, brokerage services or other advisory service in a merger 
or specific transaction.  
 
ICICI Securities or its associates might have received any compensation for products or services other than investment bankin g or merchant banking or brokerage services from the 
companies mentioned in the report in the past twelve months. 
 
 
ICICI Securities encourages independence in research report preparation and strives to minimize conflict in preparation of re search report. ICICI Securities or its associates or its analysts 
did not receive any compensation or other benefits from the compa nies mentioned in the report or third party in connection with preparation of the research report. Accordingly, neither 
ICICI Securities nor Research Analysts and their relatives have any material conflict of interest at the time of publication of this report.  
 
Compensation of our Research Analysts is not based on any specific merchant banking, investment banking or brokerage service transactions.  
 
ICICI Securities or its subsidiaries collectively or Research Analysts or their relatives do not own 1% or more of the equity  securities of the Company mentioned in the report as of the last 
day of the month preceding the publication of the research report.  
 
Since associates of ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities as a entity are engaged in various financial service businesses, they might have financial interests or actual/ beneficial ownership of 
one percent or more or other material conflict of interest various companies including the subject company/companies mentioned in this report.  
 
ICICI Securities may have issued other reports that are inconsistent with and reach different conclusion from the information presented in this report.  
 
Neither the Research Analysts nor ICICI Securities have been engaged in market making activity for the companies mentioned in the report.  
 
We submit that no material disciplinary action has been taken on ICICI Securities by any Regulatory Authority impacting Equity Research Analysis activities.  
 
This report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where 
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or which would subject ICICI Securities and affiliates to any registration or licensing requirement within 
such jurisdiction. The securities described herein may or may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certa in category of investors. Persons in whose possession this document may 
come are required to inform themselves of and to observe such restriction. 
ICICI Securities Limited has not used any Artificial Intelligence tools for preparation of this Research Report 
 
