GANESHA ECOSPHERE LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL — VERBATIM TRANSCRIPT (as supplied by operator; host Antique Stock Broking Limited)
Management on call: Mr. Gopal Agarwal (CFO); Mr. Prashant/Sasham Khandelwal (Senior Vice President); Mr. J. Sharma (Director, Ganesha Ecopet). Moderator/host: Mr. Manish Mahavar.

[NOTE: This is a machine-generated transcript supplied as text. Preserved verbatim; spelling/ASR artifacts retained. "AIA"/"AITA"/"Victa"/"a bita"/"IBIT"/"EA"/"path" are ASR renderings of EBITDA / PAT etc.]

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ganesha Ecosphere Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahavar. Thank you and over to you sir. Thank you. I am pleased to host today's earning call of Ganesha Ecosphere. From the management we are Mr. Pash Mr. Gopal Agraal CFO, Mr. Prashant Kandelwal, senior vice president and Mr. J Sharma, director Ganesha Eopet on the call. Without any delay, I would like to invite Mr. Sharma to start with opening comment post which we will move to Q&A. Thank you and over to you.

Uh thanks a lot Manish and good afternoon to everyone. everyone and we welcome you to our earnings conference call for the first quarter of FI27. We would like to take you through our Q1 FI27 numbers along with the key developments of our company. The first quarter of FI27 has been marked by a complex and rapidly evolving market environment. The global geopolitical developments particularly the tensions in the Middle East resulted in a heightened volatility in the crude oil prices as well as the downstream polymer markets. This has had a significant impact on the broader polyester value chain affecting the demand patterns, the pricing dynamics as well as the customer procurement decisions across several end use industries. Despite continued volatility in the XM environment, uh I am pleased to say that the company has achieved another strong quarter of very strong operational and financial results and we are hopeful in maintaining the momentum going forward as well. At the consolidated level, the production reached 42,826 tons up 3.8% quarteron quarter driven by a strong performance from the subsidiary businesses. However, a 11.2% drop in the sales volumes has offset some of the gains resulting in a flatter top line. Despite this, the AIA we have achieved is 59.8 crores and the bottom line of 29.03 crores and have registered a sequential growth of 14.2% and 25.1% respectively. The Victa margins have improved consequentially to 14.1% from 12.4% and the PAT margins have improved by 138 basis points. This is a tremendous improvement across all our financial matrices over over the corresponding last quarter. In the standalone business, there is a slight impact on production volume though the sales volume down by 13.4% from Q4 FI26 which we also highlighted in the last call. This was primarily due to the normalization of the elevated demand experienced in the previous quarter. Software demand from the textile sector. Higher fiber prices prompted downstream customers to defer purchases which adversely impacted the volumes. Nevertheless, the improved realizations and the margins have more than offset the decline in volumes resulting in a stronger financial outcome. AITA has increased by 13.7% sequentially to 23.8 cr. Other income has declined to 3.52 crores from 9.86 crores due to the discontinuation of the interest income followed by the conversion of subsidiary loans into equity at the end of the last quarter. The decline in interest income resulting from the conversion of loans into subsidiaries into equity. weighed on the path despite higher standalone AITA on Y basis revenue has increased by 18.4% and AITA has increased by 155.9%. Net profits are up by 79.4%. We are pending the PAI approvals for the food grade uh latest line that we have installed which is 22,500 tons RP facility at Vangal. It has already commenced production and is currently catering to the export markets as well as the domestic non-food applications. Another production line of 2 to 500 metric tons is underway. With these expansions, company's operating leverage is going to improve substantially and thereby enhancing our ability to sustain and even potentially improve the operating margins. Global uncertaint uncertainty seems to have absorbed by the broader market and the demand of fiber is also now reviving quite well going forward. We think are both the uh uh standalone which is textile business as well as subsidary businesses are going to go well and are quite uh well on track. track. This reinforces our confidence in achieving the targets and guidance shared uh during our previous calls. Alongside the ongoing wrongfield expansions, the company is actively evaluating and planning the future expansion opportunities to sustain our long-term growth trajectory as well. With this, I open the floor for the questions which you may have. Thank you.

Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to To remove yourself from the question Q, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we wait for a moment while the question Q assembles. The first question comes from the line of Dhira Ram from 361 Capital. Please go ahead.

Hi sir, thank you for taking up the question and congratulations for a great result. So the series of questions are Uh do you expect this in subsidiary business which has significantly included?
Seriously, your bias is not clear. It is very very low.
Can you hear me sir? Can you hear me now?
Yeah. Yeah, we can. Yes. Yeah.
Uh so a series of questions sir uh is do you feel this per kg uh the improvement that you have seen in oneu is going to sustain for fi27 can we expect an iota per kg around 202 plus? Yeah. So D uh uh we we as we already commented so our uh with the expansion of brownfield capacity and waring our operating less are going to improve substantially and uh so so we we are quite hopeful to maintain the VA margins which we have achieved going forward also.
Okay. And uh since we are uh putting up a capacity of one lakh tons which is an additional odd 60,000 tons. So do you do you see any demand softening or do you expect any software demand post commissioning or do you feel that the capacities are already booked? How's the customer response with this?
Yeah. So see as of today we don't see any uh demand or issues as such to be honest we have a very uh good optimism in the market regarding the regarding optic or arpet material. Uh since the mandate of the government is now there you know more and more adoption of arpet is constantly increasing. Uh I would say there's still a very high room for the demand to grow from here and as of today you know uh we don't see any to be honest and any uh challenges in the demand of the art because even today the demand of arpet is much higher than the supply.
Yeah. Got it. And on the standalone side sir uh uh there is a slight volume rework but that has been offset greatly by improved realization and then nipa per k has improved to 9 rupees. Do you see this 9 to 10 rupees per kg sustaining for the standalone segment for the entire year.
Uh so so basically uh the we have given the guidance of about uh 70 to 80 crores ea for the full year. So so it uh so basis that it is around 7 to8 rupees a kg.
Got it. And so do you feel any normalization uh going forward for the next quarters?
Uh so these are the at least the the price volatility are uh much uh uh in case of the raw materials as well as the finished good prices in our industry. So so giving any uh short-term guidance is uh is actually uh not feasible or practical but uh going forward we are quite hopeful to achieve uh whatever the guidance we've gained the last quarter for the full 27. So so we are quite hopeful to get to achieve that.
Sorry understood. Okay this last question sir uh Yes, we we have not put FAI approval uh notification. So for the additional 22,500 ton line. So is the FAI approval done and uh we have you started commercial production. So uh hi Sasham this side. So for this uh uh the application has already been submitted with FSSAI long back uh once we have done the trial production and all all documentary audits has been completed by Fasai. Now uh only the physical audit is uh pending which we are uh expecting uh to be completed in this month. So by the end of the uh month we will certainly get the approval of SFSI and uh for the time being the line is running for uh export market where uh FAI approval is not required and USFDA approvals already we have for that line. So for export and non-f foodgate uh those material are being uh utilized.
Understood. And just just Just a follow-up question on this. Do we see any similar facade approval delays or can there be any potential delay for the upcoming lines? No. No. So, it is a procedural uh way to complete uh this and uh during uh last month there was a substantial change in uh FSSI official including uh CEO. Uh so that has delayed a little bit of the files moving. Uh but now uh I don't think that there is any any issue in uh approval of this a procedural uh work of uh one and a half one to one and a half month would be there for everyone.
Okay. Got it. Thank you sir. Thank you and all the best for your future.
Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.
Hello. Am I audible, sir?
Yeah, you are audible.
Yes. Yes. Thank you so much. for this opportunity. Couple of questions. So uh so I think in the previous given a guidance of around 20% plus stagger if you could just break this down into how much of volume growth will we be expecting this year versus the realization growth?
Uh uh so I couldn't get uh can you please come again?
Yeah. So this 20% I think 20% plus growth that we guided for in ter for the revenue how much of this are we expecting for volume and how much of this will be driven by realization for this entire year? Uh so so we are expecting it in volume terms.
Okay. So this 20% worth is entirely volume.
Yes. Yes.
Okay.
Because because our business the the the sales sizes are actually quite volatile. So we so we we we me we measure we gauge the uh the growth in terms of the volume.
Okay. Okay. And how should we look at the price growth for this year? Any you could provide any sort of broad range. See I think it's very difficult to comment on that because you see our prices are determined by the petrochemical prices the polymer prices the uh you know each stock uh prices there is a volatility of about 20% or 20 odd% from you know in the last 3 to 6 months uh time frame itself. So it's you know really difficult uh to you know predict anything on that it doesn't make any sense.
Okay. Okay. But in terms of demand we not any problem?
No demand. Uh so obviously you know in first quarter we faced a little bit of demand uh you know challenges from the textile industry but now I think that has again come back to you know good trajectory and the style industry since the pipeline was really really low and empty now the again textile industry is going uh quite decently well. So again the demand is back on track
and the next thing is on the sourcing. What sort of are you seeing any challenges currently? What will be the current scrap prices? If you could just give me that number. Oh, so the current scrap price is in the range of 48 to 50 rupees.
Sorry, 48 to 50 rupees, right?
Yes. Yeah.
And we don't see any challenges in sourcing now.
Uh so basically we are we are uh looking forward delta because of the prices uh uh going up and going down in case of RM as a strange but we are uh we are looking uh for our uh our delta. So that that's quite decent. Okay. Okay. And so what will be the what is the total capeex that is planned for this year and what is the capeex that you're targeting for the next year?
So this year we are going to uh uh install another line of control 500. So uh that is around 150 cr uh capex outlay planned for that which yeah out of which most of the uh the capex has been done and part of the capex is will be done over next two two three months. It is done sir.
Hello.
Yeah. So uh so so most of the caps has been done till now for that line and some of the capitals uh the the remaining capital will be done in next 2 3 months when the line will come to
yeah I was just asking if you could give me the number as to how much we already spent.
So almost almost uh 60% we have already done.
Okay. Okay. And for for the next year sir? Next year we are finalizing the the next year expansion plans and we'll come back on that.
Okay. Okay. That is it from Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Navnit Saluja Duza from Complete Circle Wealth PMS. Please go ahead.
Uh thank you for the opportunity. Uh congratulations to you all for a good operating performance during this quarter. Uh I just wanted to know are we looking to revisit the guidance that we had given for FI27 in terms of IBIT of 225 to 250 cr and also if you could give us a mix of it how much of this would come from legacy and how much from subsidiary.
Uh so so the our guidance is in depth we have guided for the 225 to 250 crita for FY27 that is intact and out of which uh uh 70 80 cr will come from our legacy business and the uh remaining will come from our uh subsidiary business.
Okay. So the larger chunk will and will this trend continue in the coming uh years as well?
Yeah. So so going forward the the the mix would be tilted in favor of the our subsidiary business. So because we are increasing the capacity of our subsidiary subsidiaries so the the margins will uh will be improving.
Uh sure in one question I think in the previous answer you all had mentioned the textile demand is getting back on track. On back of that, uh will quarter two see better volume numbers coming from the legacy business?
Yes, certainly we are expecting the the the better volume uh in the current quarter.
But are you seeing the trends with that already?
Yeah, it start it started already. Yeah.
Okay, great. Thank you so much.

Thank you. We have the next question from the N of Dolly Chri from Nveshai. Please go ahead.
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity and uh congratulations on good set of numbers also. So I had a few questions. First of all uh I was uh trying to understand one thing that we I was just seeing that we generally keep uh 2 3 months of inventory. Please correct me if I'm wrong. So did we saw any kind of uh inventory gain also this quarter because like the prices went up from January to uh maybe May to May June for this quarter. So uh for varangal numbers specifically did we saw any inventory gain?
Yes. Yes. Jolly. So basically there is a uh uh very high price volatility during last few months. Uh so uh so certainly we got some uh inventory gain also uh uh in these numbers. Uh but the prices are very volatile and so so working out any a great number is not possible.
So like to mitigate this uh are we like are we still maintaining two three months of inventory or uh are we still following the same procedure we may get benefit of this?
So when we talking about two months yeah so we when we talking about the inventory two three months so basically it is a finished goods as well as the ramen both are there. So yes so it is a need of our business so we have to maintain the about two two and a half month inventory anytime. also and so any update on approved SSI capacities as you like mentioned in your presentation also 15 lakh demand is there and 40 to 50% recycling demand is coming uh due to the mandate so two things I wanted to understand on the uh on the first of all customer side how much penetration did we saw like uh I don't think it must have reached like 40% yet so any number on like uh if we can quantify like uh in terms of industry like maybe 2.5 lakh three lakh demand is coming and what are the approved capacities uh if we can highlight that number. Yeah. So see according to our basic uh you know data collection it's obviously it's not verified or you know exact data but the tentative numbers that we have from the market intelligence is that currently we are running at about 20 to 25% adoption currently uh and that is because obviously the global brands the global you know buyers they are trying to follow the compliances whereas still the uh regional players we are still catching up of you you know started using more and more arpet they've just started very slow so I think today the average uh we are at about as a country is between 20 and 25%. So uh but still you know what is happening is that uh the the supplies um demand and supply today are almost I would say um kind of at par because you know the supply is today at about The capacity is at about four 4.2 lakh tons. Uh but obviously you know because what happens is that people are not able to run the run everyone is not able to run the plant so efficiently that we are able to and so the actual output doesn't end to be the same number right so because of that today the demand supply almost kind of matched up.
Got it. Got it. So like if I if I just uh kind of try to get an overview like uh past one year to year as a like Ganesha as a company as a mode of that side also that that there was a demand supply gap huge. So like current we did for this year but for like next year in our evaluation stage of capeex for maybe financial 28 29 are we still going to expand in arpet only or are we seeing new uh new categories of recycling or other sectors as capex also as a company?
Uh no for for for the for the time being we are we are focusing on our pet business. And but certainly we are uh looking for uh other recycling avenues uh uh after after two four years timeline.
Okay. Okay. What is Thank you. That will be all and all the best.

Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vat Gulati from Dalal and Brocha. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I just had a question regarding the sequential degrowth we've seen in our subsidiaries volumes. Uh what is that? Is that purely to do with seasonality or is there some other element behind right?
No. So there is a very slight decline in volume of subsidiary business. The the uh the decline in volume is basically in our legacy business.
I see there's a 7% decline Q on the subsidiary business and the standalone has grown 13%. So uh Understandable that the degrowth is not significant but just trying to understand the reason behind it. Is it purely to do with seasonality or uh should we what should we expect the run rate going forward on a sequential basis? Do we expect similar sort of volume growth flattish or should we see that that is because of our fiber business and that is because of in fiber business where the prices has gone up very very high. So some uh so the the the downstream buyers uh uh uh choose choose to uh defer the purchases and so that that that is the oneoff I think it is not it is not uh proceeding so in the current quarter the uh uh the sale has the the sale has been revived.
Got it. Got it. And uh just can you give a sense of what sort of uh realization should we go for continue to see within our subsidiary business going forward? Uh should these be similar sort of realizations that we should continue to bake in? or do you see them sort of settling down as the supply demand situation has sort of uh neutralized now?
Uh so see in this you should actually you know not really look at the realization number because again again reiterating what I've said before the uh industry is in a very volatile uh situation right now because of the oil price is moving so radically up and down the polymer prices are also moving radically up and down which includes our arpet prices our fiber prices there's a huge volatility that is happening on a month- on- month or week on week basis. So we would rather I would rather like to reiterate that what we are aiming for is to maintain healthy AITA numbers in our both legacy as well as subsidiary businesses in in in the subsidiary businesses. We are looking at a much better improved combined AITA margin um range uh you know as we've guided before. So we'll be able to meet that uh or maybe slightly better but but that's what we are aiming for rather than for the exact realization. It can go up, it can go down.
So you believe that this sort of AITA per kg of 24 rupees on the sub business is something we should continue to maintain going forward.
Uh so u see not exactly uh we have guided that at combined a bita level we are aiming for a bita between 16 to 20 at a combined level in the subsidiary business that's what we are uh aiming for in the long long term.
Got it. Got it. And just can you help understand what sort of utilization levels are we targeting to hit in the varangal facility by the end of this year if you're currently at 72% so where do we see that on the obviously I understand that new capacities would come in I'm trying to understand on the 64500 uh mtpa capacity where do we see that uh so on overall basis on overall overall basis we we are looking at about 85% capacity by the end of this year
so this would be at a one lakh t capacity we are looking at about 85%.
Uh no no so basically uh presently we are having a 64,500 in capacity and our uh uh next capacity will come in uh December January only. So we are talking about the current capacity.
Got it. So about 55,000 tons is where we are hoping to be at in terms of production level. Would that be fair to say?
Correct. Correct. Correct.
Got it. Got it. That's it for my sir. Thanks a lot.

Thank you. We have the next question from the line of of Burma. from Varia Investment. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Uh yes, just a couple of questions. Uh one is a follow up on the previous participant. You mentioned that the current capacity is uh 4.2 lakh metric t. This I'm assuming the name plate capacity. Is that right?
Right. Right.
Okay. And uh by uh FI27 end let's say what is your estimate of how much this name plate capacity can grow up to by 278 we are looking yeah by by by by end of this year it could ramp up to to 250,000 tons
so total name capacity of niche of RPC between uh around 5 and a half 5.2 to 5.5 lakh tons
5.5 lakh
okay and uh when you say that uh in in today's scenarios the supply and the capacity are matched uh this is added 20 to 25% adoption right
yeah against against the government mandate of 40%. Yeah, that's right. So by again FI27, I'm just trying to get an idea about what is the will there be a supply demand mismatch or this will again be kind of matched by FI27A. So in your I think I think now so yeah I I will I'll go on. So I think now the industry has started maturing you know quite a bit and uh the supply and demand is going to grow quite well handled. hands you know as at as at the end of the year we will see you know how how is the industry really looking to increase the usage of arpet so and we we are increasingly hearing that from our current customers as well as new customers regarding the expanding demand on a daily basis so I think that now we you know our pet capacity is coming in and the demand expansion will go hand in hand quite some you know quite a bit yeah
unders that is clear uh one more question about the new line when you get the SSAI uh approved because it's a new line I'm assuming that the stability batches would be needed right so the the line is already running for export market so uh I don't think there would be any issue it is uh the material is well established on the line and uh as soon as we get the approvals uh it is ready for the uh Indian market as well
okay so as soon as you get the approval you can start commercializing for the domestic market is what I'm using and already new commercialized for uh export market. So the stabilities also happen parallelly of nish like along with the approvals coming in the stability test also happen already parallelly and they they're already in fact they're all already complete so we just awaiting understood and you have no idea about the timelines of fi approval or did you mention it in the call I might have missed it.
Uh so it must be done uh in this month only because uh initial stage of uh documentary audit has been done uh as per uh SSAI. Uh so I think uh the final physical audit has to happen uh for this plan uh which should be planned in this one month and uh after post that uh we should get uh the final approval. We are expecting this month also.
Understood. And last question Gopal G uh this subsidiary sales volume of 14,800 um can you just break it down into you know B2B and filament yarn? I'm just uh trying to see whether a major ramp up in filament yarn volume has taken place or not.
Uh so uh basically we we don't give the break up of the volume because of the specific regions.
Okay. Okay. That's fine. So uh fair to assume that this improvement in a cover to 24 rupees is uh say not really driven by filament yarn ramper but more driven by inventory gain. Uh uh it it is it is because of vote.
Okay. Understood. Thank you. So I'll get that in the Thank you.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Hash Vidhani from India Capital. Please go ahead.
Hi sir, congratulations on good set of results. Sir, just wanted to get your perspective on long-term goals for RPAD. Uh what are the long-term aspirations in terms of RPAT and how much what is your three-year outlook on RPAT and what is the possible market share that we can corner. Uh so see uh in long-term planning perspective we what we are foreseeing is that uh the industry of the ARP capacity the industry of ARP is going to go grow to about uh 10 lakh tons by 2030 and we are targeting to capture around 25% market share of that capacity. of that market.
Thank you sir. And how has been the upate for uh the other uh other subsidiary businesses that is Retan and RPSF. So uh the see RPSF business is we are already quite mature in that we already have a capacity very high capacity in the over 100,000 mess in RPSF. So currently we are not planning to grow that capacity as such. I think I think it's quite good today in in the mature market that would probably grow at about a stand very you know standard 3 4 to 5% uh growth according to the industry demand uh dynamics what we are doing in zer is we are investing and we are building a more wider basket and you know value added functional uh fibers portfolio increasingly in our product basket to improve the value addition and the realization and the net uh margins of uh you know of the product that we are selling today. there in the market today. So that's what we are working on in the RPSF as well as the filament segment.
Understood that. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikil Gupta from VU Capital. Please go ahead.
Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I'm loud and clear.
Yeah.
My first question is on uh I think the last because there was a guidance of around 2500 K peak revenue from the Vangal facility. Uh so basically we uh so for for this year we uh the guidance was for the next uh FY 28 for the consolidated numbers 2300 to 2500 cr.
Sorry I missed your line but still my question was are we targets uh Excel year we are targeting this particular peak revenue and what is current shares in in in this quarter. So for for this for the current financial year we have given the guidance about 1700 1800 cr turnover. So we are we we are already on the track. Uh
okay. Uh my next question is on uh that you I think in the previous participants question you answer that we're looking to recycle other materials as well in future can can you throw some light what we are considering and what's the basic uh discussion happening on that front
so so see we are working on a couple of materials for example we are working on polyol and recycling already uh we are trying to you know establish some niche products and markets for that uh so yeah that's that's the current current you know project that we are already working on going forward we are looking at various other materials as well my last question is maybe this may be a nice thing but just let's say let's consider this a hypothetical scenario let's say let's let's say we in future we have a mixture we have a different technology of material with let's say polyester or plastic we percentage of uh uh percentage of some percentage like we are seeing in petrol. So how our current lines are insured? How our current technology is ensured that we will be still able to recycle the same uh a minor change in the raw material? How how how you are expecting the raw material to be changed because uh you see the polymer chain is uh different. It is not uh that you can change it easily. So I I I I am not getting your uh correct can.
Yeah. Uh I know see polymers polymers are polymers are very different in their nature. You cannot do that. You can mix HGP with a PET and make a bottle out of it. It's not possible. It's not technologically possible itself. So the polymer whenever the polymers are used they are used in uh you know as a as a prime material in itself to make the whatever packaging you have to make from that. So And uh the our lines are designed for recycling you know PT as a material. Uh obviously there are modified forms of PT like PBT like PTT they can be recycled very easily um because they you know follow in the same family. Um I mean yes that's I don't know how to exactly answer your question.
That's fine. I got your perspective. Thank you so much.

Thank you. The next Next question comes from the line of Dendra Kumar Patro from Spark EMS. Please go ahead.
Uh hi sir first of all congratulations for a good set of
sorry to interrupt sir as your voice is very low. May I please request you to use a handset?
Yeah. Uh so congratulations sir for a good set of numbers. So my first question uh would be uh on the um plan side. So Last last quarter we had guided that uh we have tied up with a customer on the uh yan side and uh we were ramping up with that customer. So how is it going now? Um we are seeing any slowdown there or is it going as per our expectations?
Yeah it is it is going strong. Uh basically you know there was a disruption due to the whole uh prochemical industry situation and you know a lot huge volatility in the prices and everything. So the whole supply chain was uh of you know was a little bit in uh in disarray but it's going good as we have planned and we're slowly ramping up the the volumes.
Okay. And uh uh my second question would be on the uh difference between the virgin pet and rpet prices. Um can you let me know the prices which is going on now?
Uh so as of today the difference between rpet and vet is somewhere between 5 to 10%.
So our pet is it's very it's very volatile. It's very volatile. See it's very volile last year last month the prices almost matched there was no difference in the price this month there is a difference of about 5 to 7% so it's very it's in a very volatile state uh you know it's changing uh on a weekly basis I don't know what to say so basically that the what what is happening that the polymer prices because of the code is changing daily basis almost on daily basis so you see one day the crude is 80 another day is 95 and another day third day it is 92 so it is like that Okay. So, uh our pet is uh 10 rupees uh expensive more expensive than the virgin pet that is what you are saying now.
No, no. Currently in for the last 3 months on an average our pet has been cheaper by 5 to 10 rupees than we bet in the last 3 months.
Okay. Okay. Uh my third question would be on the inventory. Uh so uh in this quarter we are we have got that uh uh inventory uh gains uh because of uh two to three months of inventory inventory which that we are holding. So So uh considering now crude is cooling down a bit uh so once crude goes to 70 or $80. So uh so we can see uh in 2Q or CQ uh this uh high cost of inventory hitting us in our margins. Is uh is that assumption correct?
No. So we we don't expect that because uh when there is any shar any very sharp fall or fall or the uptake in the uh prices only then we we have some inventory gain or inventory losses but when the situation is normal so when every day there is some fluctuation so so we we don't expect any inventory gain or loss in that sense uh uh it is very very minor so see what really happens in the normal course of business is that we buy at every level and we sell at every level that's what happens in the general course of business when you talk about textile in case of subsidiaries like filaments or you know arpet what happens is we have a we have a we have formulas you know which is averaging averaging of the last month's inventory and the price is determined by the average cost of the inventory. So the every every months of inventory cost is basically passed on uh to the consumer. So it's only textile where it's all spot where what the strategy that we follow is we buy at every price and we sell at every price and we try to match uh and maintain the delta. That's how it works. Only only in case when there is a very sharp yeah uptick or downturn yeah in the prices only then it impacts us. Okay. Okay. Got it. Uh, thank you sir.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of British Shira from Lucky Investment. Please go ahead.
Sir, uh, can you tell us when exactly are the ARP capacities coming in which quarter? And from the current 64,000 tons, you are adding another 60, right?
Uh, no. So, uh, so we are adding uh 22,500 capacity and they are making from DB making total capacity 200,000 tons. So currently it is around 65,000 ton and the 35,000 will come and when will these come?
So that would be available by by December January.
Okay. So basically in quarter four you will have the expanded the entire incremental 40,000 t expanded capacity of 36,000.
So so in case of our new capacity of 2,000 510 certainly we we have to get the approval from the Fasai. So uh so it depends on the FAI approval we will be making the full uh March quarter will be starting from the April okay so 22,000 is brownfield okay which will come maybe in quarter 1 of next year and uh 14 13 14,000 T is the bottlenecking which will come in quarter 3 10 12,000 10 to 12,000 will be come from what I mean which will be available as soon as it is completed there we don't we don't need any SI approval in that case okay and in that 10 lakh tons of 2030 that is assumed at 40% mandate or at what mandate that 10 lakh t demanded
50 50% mandate that's at 50% mandate
50% and industry's capacity today at 280,000 tons is it fully utilized or what is it?
Uh so the current capacity industry capacity is 4.2 lakh tons and uh actual output is not obviously not that high actual output is much lower as and what is the mandate deal to in by the players sorry the the mandate capacity requirement as of today is somewhere between five and a half to six lakh tons. And at what mandate? That is also at 40%. Mand 40%. Yeah.
Okay. So mandate is 40. Capacity needed is 5 plus. Capacity today is 420. But capacity used is less than 420. Which means the mandate is not fully implemented.
Uh correct. It's not. I mean the people are not using as much uh as the mandate should be.
Okay. Okay. Thank you.

We have the next question from the line of Naim Patel from Bastian's research. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi, thank you for this opportunity and congratulations on good setup numbers. So my question is around the legacy business. So in the earlier calls as well you had mentioned that we were looking towards the textile to textile conversion basically. is shifting away from arpet you know because arpet not sorry arpet but the fat bottle scraps because uh you know the industry arpet industry is volatile and the scrap bottle price is also volatile. So we had ventured into textile as a as an alternative. So is that uh what we are still looking towards you know or uh is the plan sh has the plan shifted.
So we in the last call we discussed we have started to use some textile waste. Uh uh that that is the the postindustrial waste here. Uh so so we have already started yes to consume 20 25% of the industrial waste industrial waste.
Understood. And what challenges do we have you know using textile waste compared to pad bottle scrap when implementing that as a raw material?
So you see uh there are some uh necessary uh technical changes required in the plant in process and uh that are uh very well taken care in uh most of the lines. Uh so whenever you are changing raw material from one set to another set uh yes uh some technical things has to be modified and it has been done and and in the present uh present technology we textile waste cannot be used beyond a certain number certain percentage.
Uh could you be able to quantify?
It would be quite difficult to quantify it. Yes. Uh we are presuming uh up to 50 55% uh average must be okay. Uh for some products it it depends on product to product. In some product you can go uh beyond 50%, in some product you can consume only 20 25%. So it all depends on the product what you are making.
Understood. But uh we are assuming that you know in the long run when you know uh our pet and EPR mandates takes uh requirement mandate up to 60% and the volatility might you know inflate or elevate the scrap bottle prices. These measures would insulate the legacy business up to a certain extent. Uh is that a correct way to look at?
So you see uh with the um there there is an incremental growth in consumption of PT bottles as well. Uh so uh and uh the maximum uh uh maximum arpet uh mandate is up to 60%. So rest 40% would be available uh for uh this textile business number one and uh with the incremental consumption of PT bottles the total volume available for uh both recycling would be higher and uh in uh recycle uh textiles now the new capacities would not come uh they they are not coming that is that is uh where uh so somewhere it will be a trade-off the trade-off will come uh uh in next to three years the trade-off will come everything will be uh and both both the both the industry will go Correct. Yeah. Understood. Understood. And just one last question. I think in the past was as well you had mentioned that the kur facility we were experimenting with recycled HTTP as well. So is there any development going on towards that?
So it is it is still under uh progress. We are we are working on uh some u other recycling process as well apart from HDP and uh polyololis. Uh so uh we'll uh update this uh once it is finalized.
Understood. Understood. That's all from my side. That's on the good side of things. Thank you.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shukam Toat from Perpetual Capital Advisor. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity.
Sorry to interrupt sir. Uh as your voice is very low. May I please request you to use a handset.
Yeah. Am I audible now?
No, sir. Yet there's a lot of disturbance in your voice.
Hello. Is it better now?
Yes, please go ahead.
Yes. Uh so thank you for the opportunity. Uh I just wanted to know what is our current working capital cycle and uh uh how are we expecting that to fare for this financial year?
Uh So, so, so in case of a legacy legacy business, the working capital cycle is about uh 75 to 90 days and u and in case of our uh new businesses uh the subsidiary business is 45 to 50 days.
Sorry. And uh I just wanted um to know the uh so I just joined our call late so I might have missed your comment around just wanted an overview around what uh graphics plans are currently undergoing and what kind of capacity we are targeting to build with that.
Yeah. See basically as going forward as we've already detailed out we are already working on the bottlenecking and uh ground field capacity expansion. So we are going to increase our capacity from current 65,000 tons to about 100,000 tons by next year. That's already in on way and well on track on time uh for us to execute faster uh and uh going forward the next phase of expansion we are already working on quite closely uh quite substantially and pretty soon we'll be finalizing the next uh next year's plan and just one final clarification you mentioned that we are trying to enter into a new recycled product after our pet uh I just miss that product name if you can uh just re Right.
So, so I think we have already we have already answered this this question.
Yeah. So, so the product name I just uh missed that. So, so so the currently we are we are working working on polyphen recycling.
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.

Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dolly Chri from Nveshai. Please go ahead.
Uh hi sir. Thank you for taking the phone. your question uh so as uh we have guided for 20% volume growth uh this year and uh uh and we have like uh so I wanted to understand that uh we are we getting new clients in the domestic side or uh the current customers are only increasing sourcing from us.
Yeah. So both are increasingly we have I mean the current customers have also increased the volumes and as well as we have onboarded new customers as well but started now using uh our pet at some extent. So it's both.
Uh can can we see our volume? Can you see that volumes are also sorry what again?
Uh which clients have you onboarded? If you can name um I'm I'm not comfortable taking the names to be honest publicly here.
Okay. Okay. Uh and uh sir like an export market uh which geography are we exporting to currently and how are we seeing traction there as well? Yeah. So we see we regularly work with different geographies like the US market, like the Middle East market. Um more more mostly and uh both of them we are already working with uh from since the last two and a half years.
So like are we also onboarding new clients on export side? Uh yeah definitely definitely definitely and what would be current contribution from export business?
Uh see it keeps on changing basically because of the you know geopolitical uncertainties the ocean phase being so volatile it keeps on changing on a month-on-month basis on an average I think we're able to do 10% uh but it keeps on really you know changing sometimes it's 15 sometimes it's 20 sometimes it's even less to five you know because there are so much uncertainties and volatility in the you know freight and seafares as well so like as a company are we you know seeing this portion to increase are we targeting aggressively or uh see we are working to develop. See, we are working to develop more and more markets and more and more customers for our product and obviously we try to tilt towards the market which you know uh where we are able to achieve better numbers economically financially right so but we are obvious we obviously try to maintain you know both the markets obviously we tilt the volume slightly towards the one where it's more attractive that's how we work got it got it thank you

Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ram from 361 capital. Please go ahead.
Thank you for taking up the followup sir. Uh this alternative feed stock of textile waste. Do we see any cost savings uh when we shift from bales to uh textile waste?
Uh yes yes definitely you know there is a little uh cost saving when we obviously use uh textile waste materials of different and different qualities. But see obviously there is those textile ways they cannot be used directly. They have to undergo a certain process transformation or process change to be able to include it in our production process. But definitely it does offset some part of the cost when we use more and more of that.
Got it. Great. So uh currently what is the percentage of textile waste that we use and what could be this next two after next two three years?
Currently currently there's about 20 25% uh we are able to use uh tech against average on an average.
Okay. And we plan to ramp it up sir in next two two to three years.
Of course. Of course. Of course we are planning for to ramp up but as as we have discussed uh earlier also uh it depends on the products we are making. So product to product the uh the ratio different. So certainly we are trying to uh expand but uh it is very difficult to uh give any specific numbers.
Understood. And the last question is uh do you have any uh update on on the new land that you were looking for for the future capacity expansion beyond FY28.
Yeah. So we are finalizing our our expansion plan. So accordingly we will uh we will uh work on the land and all those things.
Okay. Okay. Sure. Thank you sir.

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bat Gulati from Dalal and Bracha. Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi, thank you for the followup. I just had a question uh regarding to my previous one relating to volumes. So just trying to understand that the sort of volumes that in the subsidiary business that we've been for the past two quarters which is in the range of 15 to 16,000 should that be the run rate going forward. Uh just trying to understand have we sequentially sort of hit a peak in terms of volumes or do we see the sequentially further improving?
Yeah. Uh so so so we are we are looking for the sequential improvement in the uh volume see because the fourth RPAT line currently is not fully utilized as of yet. Uh overall we are at about 72% utilization levels in the subsidiary which uh we can we are looking to take it to around 85% levels in the coming months.
Got it. But but it would be fair to say that let's say a 16,000 sort of volume run rate on the uh Vangal facility is roughly 80 82% utilization. So from that Q4 number we shouldn't be significantly seeing any growth. Would that be fair to say?
Yeah. So so basically uh in in uh in Q4 there was some pent up demand. So we are having the inventory which which was cleared at that time. Uh so the the proion level was much lower. So so you if you compare the proion so we have yeah we have uh achieved a decent increase in pro level in our business. But the the volume is same because whatever we have produce we have sold we don't have the much inventory with us in subsidiary.
Got it. Got it. And just on competition are we seeing any sort of uh threats you know are we seeing some sort of market share that is being taken away or intensifying in terms of you know pricing pressures and also you spoke earlier you spoke about the supply demand mismatch sort of now evening out. So how do we read that through for FI28? India and how do we take that into consideration when planning KPEX?
Uh so see see you definitely right I think the competitive pressure which was to come has already came last year to us on us and uh you know last year was particularly difficult year because one there was competitive pressure intensity as a lot of new plants came online as well as the demand you know went really really low as there was a lot of confusion regarding the industry the mandate and everything. Uh you know uh uh now uh you know since the industry has started using more and more arpet and the utilizations have gone you know really up we are in fact facing more and more increasing demands um you know obviously because the level of capability the consistency the supply security that we are able to provide it's it's difficult for a you know small recycler to provide that to the uh global brand owners. So in that from that sense of and point of view we are increasingly facing you know much higher demand today than in our capacity that we can serve the customers and that was the major reason for us to convert our green field project to field project so that we can cater to the demand you know immediately. So in fact now more so than ever we are in a much more better competitive position in the industry.
So yeah should it be fair to say that we are a number one supplier for all of our customers or are we in certain customers a second tier vendor also?
So if you talk about the global brand owners uh you know the glo majorly the all the global brand own donors and the biggest volume ones uh you know in in terms of the size I would don't want to take any names here we have the highest market share with respect to our suppliers
got it got it that's helpful as a thank you we'll take that as the last question and I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments thank you and over to you Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Uh the entire executive team joins me in thanking you for your valuable perspective and support. We remain fully focused on driving operational excellence and capturing the clear opportunity of us. Thank you. Thank you on behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited. That concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
