[page 1]
23rd March, 2026  
The General Manager
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department           
Listing Department 
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,
Limited 
Rotunda Building
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249
NSE Symbol: KSB 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet. 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
In continuation to our intimation dated 11th March, 2026 and 17th March, 2026 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 17th March, 2026. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
Encl. as above 
Mail to 
: 
 (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India)  
Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000 Fax : +91 20 2742 6000 Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office : Office No. 601, Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91 (022) 2168 1300  
Zonal Offices 
:     Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA 
CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
SHRADDHA 
SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHRADDHA SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2026.03.23 
17:23:29 +05'30'

[page 2]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Shraddha Kavathekar - Company Secretary 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome you all to the CY 2025 Institutional Investor Meet of KSB 
Limited. Today, we have with on the dais, Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing 
Director, Mr. Mahesh Bhave, Chief Financial Officer and Shraddha 
Kavathekar, Company Secretary. We'll start with the detailed 
presentation, which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good morning, all. So we'll start with the institutional investor 
presentation. A cautionary statement regarding forward-looking 
statement. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements 
relating to company's future business developments and economic 
performances. 
 
Such statements may be subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and 
other important factors, such as but not limited to competitive pressures; 
legislative and regulatory developments; global macroeconomic and 
political trends; fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general 
financial market conditions; delay or inability in obtaining approvals 
from authorities; technical developments; litigations; adverse publicity 
and news coverage. This could cause actual developments and results 
to differ materially from the statements made in the presentation. 
 
The company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-looking 
statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or 
otherwise. So, with this we start a snapshot of KSB India. You can see 
on the screen, how really KSB India established. This is in 1960 where 
industrial pumps division started in Pimpri, followed by 1974 our 
foundry we have started. 1978 we have started Erstwhile PPD energy 
division which is now converted into a SupremeServ after sales 
business unit. 
 
1994, we started our Water Pumps division that is on Sinnar. 1997, we 
started MIL. In fact, it is taken over by KSB Group. And KSB Tech, it's 
a tech centre engineering unit which is started in 2005. It is in Pune 
City. And Shirwal, we have started 2017. And another milestone is 
BP&CL technology which we acquired in 2023. So KSB Limited, as I 
mentioned established in 1960 and headquartered at Pune, Maharashtra. 
We have six manufacturing plants, six service stations, around 350 plus 

[page 3]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 29 
 
service centres, 22 warehouses, four zonal offices, 14 branch offices, 
and 800 plus authorized dealer. 
 
So this is the overall setup. KSB Tech as I mentioned, is a tech centre, 
which is situated in Pune City. KSB MIL Controls, which is acquired 
in 1997, and this is into manufacturing of control valve and having a 
plant in Kerala. Bangladesh, we have a liaison office. These are some 
pictures of this is a Pimpri headquarter and industrial pump division. 
 
Shirwal, Satara, you can see the state-of-art plant, which is recently built 
in water pump division in Nasik, Vambori foundry unit. Coimbatore 
valve division, Chinchwad which is as I mentioned after sales which we 
brand as a SupremeServ division and Kochi MIL factory. So 
introducing our Board of Directors of KSB Limited, Mr. Gaurav 
Swarup, who is the Chairman. Dr. Stephan Bross, Non-Independent and 
Non-Executive Director, he is the CTO of KSB Group, Germany. Dr. 
Matthias Schmitz, Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director. He is 
CFO of the Germany Group. 
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain is with us today, Managing Director. Mr. Ulhas 
Yargop, Independent Director is carrying a rich experience from 
Mahindra Group. Mr. U. C. Muktibodh who is Independent Director 
and who is ex-nuclear specialist and ex-Technical Director from 
NPCIL. 
 
Mrs. Sharmila Barua Roychowdhury, Independent Director. She carries 
a law degree and a lot into social activities. Mr. Vishal Kampani, 
Independent Director is a finance wizard associated with KSB since 
2024. Introducing the management team from left, Mr. Nitin Patil, who 
is Vice President, IPD and EPD operation and nuclear business. He's 
the COO. 
 
He's the Chief Operating Officer of nuclear business for pumps. Mr. 
Mohan Patil, Vice President, HR. Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director, 
myself as a CFO. Mr. Sunil Bapat, who heads our WPD and Foundry 
operation and who is the COO of solar pumps business and Mr. 
Prashant Kumar, Vice President, Sales and Marketing. So financial 
performance, EBITDA, you can see a good growth from ₹350 Cr to 
₹387 Cr as of December is our year end and this 31st December 2025. 
Revenue also we have grown from ₹25,331 million to ₹26,957 million 
and profit before tax you can see again from ₹322 Cr to ₹352 Cr. A 
good steady financial performance, which we have been plotting here, 
revenue from operation, you can see 17% CAGR. You can see 
EBITDA, again 17% CAGR. 

[page 4]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 29 
 
 
Profit after tax, 22% CAGR, a very steady profitability ratios. Net 
financial position also robust. We ended at ₹283 Cr and our nuclear, 
which is a long gestation project, which is also showing a very positive 
cash balance. Further few ratios, which are again net worth, you can see 
16,128, it is steady growth in net worth. EPS is 15.2, ROCE you can 
see it is in the range of 23, in fact it is 24 if we take out the labour impact 
which is a one-time impact which happened last year and dividend is 
declared as 220%. 
 
So business highlights, the applications where our pumps and valves 
are used mainly be categorized into six market segment, Energy, 
Building Service, General Industry, Petrochemical and Chemical, 
Mining, and water and we have around 21 sub markets. Order intake, 
so this is upward trajectory you can see 14% CAGR. So this is average 
order intake per month, you can see it is around ₹249 Cr for this year 
2025. And steady, and this is mainly driven by supercritical 
conventional energy export, water wastewater, commercial building, 
SupremeServ service. Again, order in hand, very good positive and 
robust situation. You can see without nuclear, we are at ₹13,032 million 
and nuclear is ₹12,816 million to overall ₹25,848 million orders on 
hand as of December 2025. 
 
Overview of order intake, just a pie chart which shows where are we. If 
you see the 2025 chart around 48% is standard pump, engineered pumps 
would be around 19%, SupremeServ around 15% and valves is around 
18%. So overall bifurcation of order intake actually. So, again, another 
good performance on exports, CAGR of 22% and you can see in 2025, 
we have 17% export which is the highest overall. So talking about solar 
business, 112% order intake CAGR. 
 
Some of the major highlights, we have started in-house manufacturing 
of solar controller making ourselves more competitive and technical 
leader. First central warehouse which we have started in Chhatrapati 
SambhajiNagar and supply chain diversification of the key components 
that is what we have achieved. And you can see the product range what 
we are offering into solar business, which includes solar controller as 
we discussed and HBCN, BPN, UMA and UPF and so on and so forth. 
Energy conventional, as you are aware that we got first super critical 
power plant order. Another milestone is localisation of LUV, Boiler 
Recirculation Pump. 
 
This is again a remarkable achievement. And we also received export 
order from USA. And here also, you can see we are growing with 14% 

[page 5]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 29 
 
CAGR. And, you can see the important products like HDA, CHTR, HG, 
CHTD, YNK, into energy division. Talking about water and 
wastewater, again a very good 30% CAGR growth. And we received 
first order that is for our Sewatec vertical turbine pump. 
 
These are the new product actually and we launched B Pump which is 
another milestone that is Vertical Turbine Pump in this year and 
breakthrough orders from Municipal Corporation of Kolkata, Amritsar 
and Navi Mumbai in this segment. And you can see the product range, 
Amarex, Amaporter, KRTU, Sewatec, Amacan and VT Pump. 
Firefighting, another segment, which last two, three years we have been 
talking as a sunrise, but now it is already there and you can see the 
growth in this segment 68% CAGR. 
 
Major highlights include Etanorm, we received FM/UL certification for 
this. This data centre we got this order which is approved firefighting 
pumps and so this is a starting because you know the growth in data 
centre business in India. 
 
And we have received the order for major commercial building for our 
airports, metros, AIMS, etc. The product range, Gamma, Etanorm, 
Helio, MFMO. So talking about ESG and CSR. So we continue to 
highlight this important segment. You can see 59% is GHG emission 
reduction what we achieved and eco-friendly packaging we are almost 
there and green energy generation is 65% what we achieved. 
Sustainability assessment 84% again is a good number and we 
identified key 71 suppliers and 59 audits which we completed and we 
are of course targeting, targeted was 80% which we already surpassed. 
 
Zero waste to landfill that is another milestone and we won a MCCIA 
Sustainability Award in 2025. CSR highlights, KSB continue to work 
on all field in CSR. You can see the photographs, welding lab. So this 
is basically a skill development which is started in ITI. Wayanad School 
in Kerala, this is a reconstruction after the flood in Kerala. 
 
Digitalization of the schools in Nigdi, Pune near to our plant. You can 
see hydraulic and pneumatic simulator in this is an ITI again a skill 
development project. Skills for employability of tribal women, you can 
see the photographs and ITI Satara, again a soft skill trainings. Yeah, 
this is again another very pride certification, great place to work as 
many of you must be aware and getting this for a manufacturing 
company is itself is a milestone and you can see we are among Top 50 
large manufacturing. So, we are leading here which is again I think very 
important achievement. 

[page 6]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 29 
 
 
This shows our employee engagement and our efforts towards the 
employees. So, I think this is overall presentation and we are open for 
question-and-answer session. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Kunal: 
Hi, good morning. Kunal from 361  Mutual Fund. Just if you can give 
us a brief rundown of how are you seeing trends in terms of domestic 
demand, which are the key sectors contributing? And follow-up to that 
question was because of the disruption that we are seeing in The Middle 
East, what are the kind of supply chain issues or any procurement issues 
that you are seeing or expecting? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Good morning and I think an expected question on the present 
scenario. First of all, the growth drivers for this year in the domestic, 
yes, energy as we presented Power segment, especially the thermal 
power plants, which are coming up of different users, NTPC as well as 
Adani as many other projects, JSW. So, energy projects in the thermal 
power plants is a big growth driver for this year. 
 
Apart from nuclear also, nuclear will continue and with the initiatives 
seen recently on the changes which are being done, I think this will open 
a lot of opportunities in the coming years. So, I would say energy leads 
the way with infrastructure, infrastructure in water, waste water. I think 
that is one of the other segment which is opening up a lot of 
opportunities for treatment plants, linking projects river linking 
projects. So with our expanded portfolio, pump portfolio that is another 
segment which we are seeing as coming up and lot of inquiries and lot 
of projects where we feel this will be also a growth driver in these 
coming years as well. 
 
And the third, maybe I have to single out is the building segment, 
infrastructure related with these metros, hospitals, hotels and all these 
infrastructures. So commercial building services is another segment 
which is very attractive and where we are a bit gaining market share 
slowly and steadily where we were not so much present in the past. 
These are three segments which come to mind, of course, all segments 
throw up opportunities that way, but these three segments is where we 
are looking forward to. Of course solar I did not mention, because solar 
we have already mentioned in the past and solar we'll have to see after 
what comes up in the KUSUM 2.0 scheme and, but we continues to put 
our efforts there, and we think we will grow also this year compared to 
the last year in the solar business. 

[page 7]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 
 
Coming to the present geopolitical situation and the supply chain. Yeah, 
I wouldn't say that we are not affected that that impacts has started 
coming a bit in the supply chain, especially in the foundries where there 
is restriction of the LPG and the gas supply, our furnaces are gas fired. 
So those supply chains may get affected, but that we are mitigating, 
because we also have electric furnace. We are mitigating that risk, but 
it's not only about our foundry, it's also about other foundries, third 
party foundries. So, we expect if this situation continues for some more 
weeks and months, then we would have issues related to our supplies of 
castings, especially castings and then of course it affects indirectly 
affects other sectors also. 
 
So, that is one impact. The other is of course our supplies, our exports 
to Middle East region. That is also we are trying to mitigate and try to 
find another way. But that is also under review and discussion. So, our 
exports to Middle East may get hampered temporarily because of 
shipments. But of course, we are working on that to find alternative 
routes and ways to make our goods reach there. So, these are the two 
first things which come to mind about the immediate impact on our 
business today. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. If I may add one more question. If we look at the presentation, 
you have shown water, wastewater, firefighting, solar, all of our three 
of them have grown at a significantly higher pace than what KSB has 
grown. So would it be right to assume that large part of our growth in 
the last two, three years has come from actually new product introduced 
by KSB. And so if one were to understand what part of growth has 
actually come from new products and what part of growth for KSB has 
come from the market growth. How would one define it or understand 
it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, I would say a major part has come through the new products, be it 
solar, be it water, wastewater, firefighting. The percentage you see high, 
because I think the base has been very low. We have not been so 
actively involved in those businesses. For example, firefighting now, 
we have got the UL and FM listed for our end suction pumps. We are 
going in for further products. So this market we see as a big market 
growing and so, the other market is data centres which are coming up, 
green hydrogen. So all these new products what we are bringing out and 
with that entering into new segments. This is definitely helping the 
growth. 
 

[page 8]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 
And I would say percentage wise, maybe I would just say majority of 
the growth is coming from these new segments whether it is these 
segment, whether it is SupremeServ products, whether it is solar. So all 
that growth majority is coming out from the new initiatives which we 
have taken. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I will fall back in the queue. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Good morning, Mohit Surana from Monarch. Sir, one question is with 
respect to NPCIL orders. Roughly half of our orders are coming from 
NPCIL. And last quarter, you mentioned that the test bed at Tarapur 
plant is almost near to completion. Any update on that? Have we 
received any confirmation on the approval of the first two set of pumps 
that we have already delivered? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The latest, this is especially the latest. Today, this is morning's news. 
So that's why I say it's latest, because In every meeting, I little bit am 
apprehensive how I will answer this question. So the latest is that we 
are going to start the testing on 22nd March, because the test bed is 
ready. They are doing the software checks and the initial checks. So, 
22nd is the date they have start given and I have also been invited for 
the testing. So, I will be going with theirManaging Director, 
engineering also and we will be witnessing that test. 
 
So, it has got the management attention. I was in NPCIL meeting their 
CMD and the senior team and they are all focused on that. They are also 
very much aware of it. And it has got that attention and definitely I feel 
March we should start the testing. The testing itself will take some time 
because the first pump has to go through a rigorous testing of 500 hours 
and with whatever starts and stops and things like that. So, the first one 
would take time, but once that is completed, then the future ones would 
be much faster than the first one. 
 
So, I hope at least minimum two, maximum four pumps we should be 
able to invoice in this year if all goes as per plan. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Perfect, I think that's a good news. If I may pitch in with another 
question with respect to the Q4 results. Q4 is seasonally strong for us 
every year, but this time, top line growth was 7% to 8%, whereas we 
did well on the EBITDA side. I just wanted to understand what's the 
reason for a modest growth on the top line and what's the reason for the 
EBITDA margin expansion in Q4 and is that sustainable? 
 

[page 9]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, top line in our planning, we had these nuclear orders in our 
forecast, in our planning and that unfortunately did not happen. So, that 
spills over to this year. So, I would say the top line of a modest 7% was 
limited due to the fact that the nuclear sales revenue which were planned 
did not happen. I would mainly give that as the one main reason. 
 
And of course, project orders, there are sometimes these hold, but this 
is a part of business that you have some orders delayed and customers 
not lifting. I wouldn't say specifically that. It would be mainly the 
nuclear orders, which got delayed or postponed to this year. 
 
On the EBITDA side, I think what could happen was also the product 
mix, what we could deliver last year. For example, Kudankulam, we 
could deliver something, some of that order. You remember 
Kudankulam, we have got that order worth almost ₹280 crores, ₹290 
crores. We had also planned a big top line there, but it happened only 
₹30 crores or ₹40 crores. But that was a good profitable orders which 
happened plus DMD orders which is also good profitable orders. So I 
would say aftermarket and nuclear orders, whatever they happened last 
year, they added to the profitability of the company and helped us to 
keep a good profit level. 
 
Continuing in this year, as I said, nuclear orders have spilled over to 
this year. So, we are all very keen that at least this year it should happen 
major part. And profitability with a good mix of aftermarket and nuclear 
orders, I think it is quite sustainable that these orders. The only concern 
is the commodity prices, which I did not mention earlier. But with this 
market geopolitical situation, we would  there is a chances of the spike 
in commodity prices. And this is something which we will have, we are 
watching very carefully and that may be the only, let's say today's 
external impact which may come, but we will have to act accordingly 
on that. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
So what are the chances that we may be able to pass on the rising cost 
to the consumers? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, of course, it is very natural that for our standard business, which 
is 50% of the business, we can pass on this increase. But the remaining 
50% is project business. So except the nuclear business where there is 
a PVC clause, there we are safeguarded. But the other nuclear business, 
other project business, domestic business that would be maybe 30, 
because export business you also gain by the exchange rate. So export 
business and nuclear business are bit taken care. Only the domestic 
project business also would be having a bit of that issue, but I would 

[page 10]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 29 
 
say as long as most of the equipments have been ordered, bought outs 
and everything, then and we don't have PVC clause with our suppliers. 
So that also the risk, I would today evaluate it as low risk for at least 
this year. 
 
It is only the new order, new businesses which may get finalised. We 
will have to be very, very careful at what levels because those 
businesses are without PVC and those are long deliveries. And how this 
thing shapes up in future, we are not very clear at the moment till this 
thing. Hope I have answered. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. That was very helpful. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Have you got anything especially on the Mahi Banswara tender? We 
expect it to be a single tender, we expect it to be a fleet model? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
There is some discussion going on, which is not yet officially out, but 
all the options are being considered, I think. But that is a high priority 
project that is. So, I don't know nothing officially has come out. There 
are various news also that it could be fleet, it could be separate, singled 
out as a fast track project. But nothing official yet on that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Second question is it possible to quantify the PVC towards in terms of 
revenues? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Today, in this year, ₹50 crores to ₹60 crores. So, in this year, so maybe 
not very big. It is maybe, yeah, I would say 3% of our total turnover or 
something. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Is it possible to quantify the solar execution in CY '25 and also possible 
to share the CY '24 number? And the last bit, is the growth in the solar 
contingent on PM Solar KUSUM 2.0 approval I am talking about for 
CY '27 forward, you say CY '26 is covered, is the CY '27 growth is 
contingent on the KUSUM 2.0 approval? Is that right assessment? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, first CY '24 I think it was ₹189 crore. Last year it was ₹245 crores. 
This year we are planning much higher, more than ₹300 crores. And 
yes, your point is right. It is dependent on KUSUM 2.0 where the 
category of that replacement is also going to be very predominant, 
replacing existing electrical pump sets with solar. I think category B or 
C, I don't recollect properly. That would get more major impetus on 
financing. 
 

[page 11]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 29 
 
Apart from that, individual state schemes are also there where we are 
participating. We are, we have got new businesses in Northeast 
especially and MP market, Haryana, Rajasthan. So those are areas with 
the things are continuing. So we expect this year also a healthy growth 
in that. CY '27 onwards, we presume that this KUSUM 2.0 Yojana, this 
will continue. There will be similar  there have been announcement in 
the budget and as well as later on. So, maybe the mix may change 
instead of integrator business, it would be more of replacement. And 
with our dealer network, we feel we have that reach and the installer 
base. The values and all or the things we have to see, but we feel that 
we can, where our share is today low, we can also reach that business 
as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Dhawan: 
Hello. So Dhawan this side from AlfAccurate Advisors. So my question 
is, if we look at the ex-nuclear order book, this year, we did roughly we 
ended up with ₹1,300 odd crore kind of the order book, which was ₹960 
odd crores in CY 2024. So there is a strong order book growth of 
roughly 30 odd percent. But if we look at the revenue, revenue is hardly 
in the single digit. So I think majority of the business is like the 
execution time frame is between six to 12 months. So when can we see 
the revenue can mirror the order book growth? And also, if you can help 
us to understand out of this current order book, how much is the project 
business right now versus the last year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Majority is this project business, which consist of the main 
reactor coolant pumps. This is what the major part. Apart from that, 
there is auxiliary pumps, which are there in the primary cycle, which is 
a part of it. So and the third constituent is the aftermarket, where we do 
at the end user level, where we go and do the spares business, the 
replacement pump business. 
 
That is maybe ₹30 crores to ₹50 crores per year. That is a small portion 
compared to the project business. Now, how this order book situation 
will convert into sales revenue? This will happen starting this year, from 
this year to in the coming years constantly, at least for the next three 
years, I see it. There is a business from NPCIL, there is business from 
Kudankulam.  
 
So, our parent company is participating there and they also offload some 
of that business to us. So, these are the three major customers where we 
are doing the nuclear business. Of course, there is other customers like 
DMD and end user business, which we are continuously doing. But that 

[page 12]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 29 
 
is not very major when we compare to that. So, the revenue I mentioned 
earlier, it should start this year with the testing of the pump and more 
RCP is going. 
 
So, value wise, we will have. Kudankulam project also substantial 
portion will get converted into revenue this year and next year. And 
once this RCP's and the auxiliary pump start, then the revenue will 
happen also in next year and '2028 also. And the order intake, I think 
both for Gorakhpur, Haryana as well as Kaiga projects, these orders are 
also getting finalised for the auxiliary pumps. The Gorakhpur Haryana 
is with BHEL, they are ordering the pumps, other pumps. 
 
And the Kaiga project is with Megha Engineering, which has also come 
at the final stage now. So all these businesses will get finalised and the 
revenue may come in 2027 or 2028. So I've seen a good amount of 
conversion in these three years, 2026 to 2028. And for the future 
projects, as we heard Mahi Banswara and other projects, and if we are 
successful there, then this would have the continuity beyond that. But 
nuclear business, I think for the next decade from here, it is a good 
potential and opportunity for KSB, where we have a range, complete 
range. 
 
We are one company which has all the pumps required in a nuclear 
power plant. And so, this gives us a good opportunity to participate with 
all EPCs as well as MPC. 
 
Dhawan: 
In ex-nuclear, we did roughly ₹2,200 odd crores of the revenue in pump 
business. So this is largely, there is no nuclear revenue in the last year, 
right? So on that basis, if we exclude the nuclear part, is it fair to assume 
that we can do roughly 15%, 20% of growth in the Pump segment in 
CY 2026 because we have the order book in hand and that will be 
largely executed during this year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, we are aiming for that kind of growth in this year based on our 
order book position. 
 
Dhawan: 
And in terms of the margins, if you can help us to understand because 
the product mix is changed, right? So, the high value margin or the 
product, how is the proportion right now versus the last year? And how 
do you see, how it will be changed because this power business and 
everything will go upright, the nuclear will also come into the picture? 
So how do you see the overall margin accretive business as a proportion 
of the overall order book or the revenue mix? How it will be changed? 
 

[page 13]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, to explain this thing very transparently to you, see, 50% of our 
business is dealer OEM business, standard business, we call it. This 
year-to-year remains same. The margins remain same, the good margins 
because of low fixed cost and having a distribution channel and high 
turnover or a fast turnover gives us good profitability and a good cash 
flow for this. Then there is other portion, we call it aftermarket 
SupremeServ, which also year-by-year we are growing. 
 
This also is the most profitable portion of our business and helps us to 
offset some of the low margin orders which we take for project business 
or engineered business as we call it. Valve business growing at a healthy 
rate 15% to 18% and having a good profitability, 13%, 14% is also 
contributing this. 
 
So, the only thing which becomes and plus nuclear as I said will 
continue in the revenue, which is also a reasonably good margin. The 
challenges in the engineered business where there is high competition 
in refinery petrochemical API business as well as coal fired thermal 
business. These are the two businesses project engineered business 
where there is very high competition and a big orders where everybody 
is focused and desperate to fill up their plants and take these orders. 
 
This is where we face also a price pressure. But these businesses bring 
a lot of aftermarket business in the future. So, we definitely have to 
invest in it for the long-term continuity. So, to answer your question, I 
think these things will keep on changing, but overall with this mix, 
something pitches in and we want to maintain our healthy EBITDA 
level of around 13%, 14% which we are there. We are more focused of 
growth in the top line and keeping this EBITDA level at this level of 
13% to 14%. 
 
This has been my message in the previous things also that to keep a 
good EBITDA but focus more on the top line, so that we can get market 
share and all the opportunities which the market is offering today 
without bringing or compromising on our present EBITDA. 
 
Dhawan: 
And in December, the nuclear revenue was ₹30 odd crores, you 
mentioned? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Dhawan: 
Okay. Which led to the higher margins? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct. That helped us to have a good profitability in the last quarter. 

[page 14]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 29 
 
 
Dhawan: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Nilesh: 
Hello. Yes, hi, this is Nilesh here. Hi. A couple of questions from my 
side. We have been seeing your exports and I remember a few years 
ago, you had absolutely zero visibility of exports. And now we are 
seeing at 17%. So what has changed over years in terms of your parents 
are able to source from you? And how do you see as we go forward? 
So, this is first question, then I'll follow-up with the other. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Exports has always been our priority and we have been talking 
on it in our board discussions also. This topic comes up every time 
because India with its very competitive position and having a big 
product portfolio, there is a good opportunity to export to other markets 
also. So, yes, there has been a good support from the group to allow us 
to export into new markets and continue to do that. If I have to give 
examples, let's say, talk about submersible borehole pumps where we 
do business in India. And we started last year exports to Africa region, 
which we were not doing earlier. 
 
So, we almost did seven to eight crores of exports with our submersible 
borehole pumps, dealers together with that region. We made an entry 
first time after many years. So that is a Africa market for developing 
our submersible borehole pumps, which has started. The second 
opportunity came in the U.S. with our gas fired power plants and our 
boiler feed pumps. Those business, we got almost $5 million to $7 
million. We got also some equal amount got cancelled also because of 
the tariff. 
 
But now, with the tariff back at same level as others, we are back in 
contention. If everything, this situation a bit improves, then we are in a 
good position to continue that business. Apart from that, API business, 
Middle East, with our product development, we have got new customers 
like ADNOC and many other customers where we have started entering 
into this business as well. So, to summarise, I would say that our 
additions in the product portfolio and also our support from the group, 
our internal marketing and with our efforts, I would say the team's 
efforts, we have been able to grow the export business. One important 
also aspect is the quality. 
 
Quality is very, very important and this is very critical. Quality of 
painting, quality of packing, these are small, small things where we 

[page 15]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 29 
 
usually falter and this is something which always an international buyer 
gives a lot of importance and so that mindset culture change is also 
happening. I wouldn't say that we are perfect there. It is happening. We 
have put external inspection agencies. 
 
So, step by step, we believe our acceptance or acceptability will 
improve for our standard and other business. And with our vast range 
of product business, product portfolio, we have a very vast range. To 
give example today, we started mining in our foundry, mining product 
for years. We were not doing in white. Now, have started getting 
inquiries from Australia and Indonesia also for this business. 
 
So, as in when we bring out products, the market is changing from that 
Western world to the Asian, they look for products from Asia. And we 
are there with those products developed. So, it's a market which is 
forcing us to change and the group also supports that. So, I think this 
export business, the only challenge would be the geopolitical situation, 
the relationships with the countries and things like that. But from a 
competitiveness point of view and the support, I think we are very much 
there now. 
 
Nilesh: 
So, where do we see exports could be 30% over next few years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That percentage is very risky to say because we also grow in domestic 
market. So, if I have to do 30%, then I have to nearly double the 
turnover. 
 
Nilesh: 
If I exclude nuclear, can still that be a 30% of that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Right now, we are trying 25%, I would say. But 30% in a good 
year is also possible. But it will take some time. It will take some time 
because as I said on time delivery and quality is still work in progress. 
Deliveries have to be and those on time deliveries can be done with our 
internal efficiency improvement, automation, digitisation. 
 
Because in an export, four to six weeks is all gone on the ship. And this 
is also a challenge which is there. So, we will take some time to reach 
that kind of efficiency and the systems we have now S/4HANA being 
implemented. So, I would say, it will take couple of years to reach that. 
I wouldn't be very ambitious there understanding the ground realities 
which are there on time delivery and quality. 
 
But definitely a big way we have come today but to be reaching that 
level, we will have to be really the best in that business. 

[page 16]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 29 
 
 
Nilesh: 
Again on exports, so major exports is done through your parent 
company or your marketing arm globally or you do marketing from 
India and approach customers directly? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Transaction wise, it is done through our KSB companies, transaction 
wise. So, it is inter-company, 70% to 80%. Some big projects we take 
on directly, transaction wise. But marketing wise, relationship building 
is we have a dedicated export department and even at management 
level, we are involved because many decisions have to be taken on 
strategic level. So, there is an internal marketing team, dedicated export 
team which travels. We have lot of group meetings. That is the plus 
point of KSB that you have readymade global sales network, which is 
supporting and helping us. Some inquiries just land on our table out of 
opportunities. We don't have to go and search for it. 
 
So, it's a combination of a global sales organisation as well as our local 
organisation, which is travelling and making those relationships and 
reaching out in these locations. 
 
Nilesh: 
And lastly, on exports only, does the margin would be better than the 
domestic market? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. I would say it has to be from a related party transaction. It has to 
be and but, yes, the price levels are much better outside than in India, I 
would say, definitely. And plus, when you get a lot of when the currency 
depreciates, it gives us also an advantage to be competitive. So 
definitely, I would say margins are better compared to the domestic 
market. 
 
Nilesh: 
The next is on the data centre and the thermal power plant. Will you be 
able to quantify like per megawatt of data centre, what could be the 
opportunity size? And per megawatt of thermal power plant, what 
would be the opportunity size in terms of value, if you can? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Difficult for me right now to quantify. I would say, normally, pumps in 
a thermal power plant is 3% to 4% of the total size of the power plant 
and same would be in any maximum up to 3% to 5% in any project 
would be the quantum or value wise of the pumps, which are there. So, 
huge potential for thermal power plant. Today, the customers in their 
decision making, the first thing they ask us to show is their our capacity 
and our readiness. And once they are convinced, then they start 
negotiating. So, it's all about capacity today. 
 

[page 17]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 29 
 
And luckily, we have our Shirwal plant, which is where we have 
invested. So we are doing that. And in data centre also, we are step-by-
step data centre and this green hydrogen, electrolyser. We are building 
up our business. More than us, I think our parent company, Germany, 
they are very much into that data centres and so their experience, their 
references, their association with global players is helping us to get 
better acceptance and participate in that [indiscernible] [0:48:03]. 
 
Nilesh: 
And in case of thermal, we are in all category, boiler feed, fire water, 
cooling water, everywhere we have a… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Except cooling water. 
 
Nilesh: 
Except cooling water. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Cooling water, vertical cooling waters, we are not there. That 
historically, we have never but in the other pumps, boiler feed, 
condensate, heater drain. Now, the recent case, there is an boiler 
circulation pump. And so we are in the final stage of approval. I would 
say that these pumps were always supplied from overseas. And KSB 
has been a pioneer in localising and bringing that thing. So we are 
optimistic that this boiler circulation pump, which was so far an 
imported pump, also we will be successful in getting business. 
 
And the localisation has already been approved. It's a matter of now 
clicking on some orders and now bringing that also to the portfolio. 
 
Nilesh: 
Including super critical? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Including super, all these are super critical only now, because today, the 
earlier was 660, now more and everything is changing to 800 megawatt. 
So all of them are super critical. 
 
Nilesh: 
And lastly, if you can spend some time on the two businesses, 
reciprocating pumps and the mechanical seal business, how do you see? 
Because we are not seeing any real growth happening in both the space. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I think you are very deep into our business. It's good to hear that 
those questions, because those questions I also ask my team. 
Reciprocating pump business we acquired from BP&CL and it was 
good acquisition. Initially, we thought to sell it off, luckily we did not 
and we decided to build it ourselves. We made the first prototype on 
our own and it has been approved by NPCIL also. So we will be 
participating in all the future requirements and the one on the table is as 

[page 18]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 29 
 
I mentioned is mega engineering. They are going to finalise that as well 
as the other things. 
 
So, in NPCIL where this pump is required is definitely now as we 
finalise, we hope to get some share. We supplied one pump already to 
GAIL, Pata and so that pump is not yet commissioned. We recently got 
also a good order from Numaligarh Refineries for complete unit. With 
that unit order and once we supply it, the big challenge for us in all this 
business is getting EIL approval. So, once we have these pumps 
commissioned, then we will be on all PSUs vendor list. 
 
So I would say this business goes, especially API business goes through 
a big not a learning curve, but a gestation period till you get those 
approvals. And we are halfway through it. And this business in '27 '28 
should flourish much better. Today, we are in the stage of sowing those 
seeds of getting, putting that and having the approvals. 
 
Next question was on the mechanical seals. Mechanical seals, it is 
growing. It is a very good business for us. Today, we have, if I have to 
give a figure, around ₹15 crores of it is business. It is a starting and 
because we are not into API seals, we are more into non-API seals. So 
that business is growing healthily. Almost we manufactured 9,000 to 
10,000 seals in our plant in Chinchwad. 
 
We have invested in a machine, Mazak machine specifically for that, 
which is running three shifts almost an investment of ₹7 Cr on that 
machine alone. So the non-API mechanical seal has been quite a good 
growth and having being manufacturing those pumps ourselves, it 
becomes easy to kind of create your own installed base with that seals. 
So, as and when we create this installed base, this business will grow, I 
would say, much faster than our pump growth also. 
 
Nilesh: 
You said ₹15 crore or ₹50 crore? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
₹15 crores. So, it's still a small baby. It's but it is a big, big future ahead 
because this is a very high profitable business. And as I mentioned, we 
are not into an API seal which is more value wise, much more bigger 
and attractive. That is  that business we are not there yet. 
 
Nilesh: 
But no acquisition opportunity in API? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I'll  keeps on discussing. We keep on talking about it. There are partners 
with which we are. So, it's a topic under discussion. I wouldn't be able 
to say more than that. But, yes, all these options are open. 

[page 19]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 29 
 
 
Nilesh: 
Thank you, Rajeev. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Dinesh: 
Thank you. Yeah, afternoon sir. This is Dinesh here from Union MF. 
So, while you mentioned nuclear as a decadal opportunity, is it some 
way possible to quantify the size of opportunity both globally and in 
India? And could you throw some light on the competition as well, both 
global and India perspective? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
If I talk of global, I think it's a good opportunity for KSB Group as well. 
Our Frankenthal plant, which was downsizing, which was not 
downsizing, but the workload was reducing. Suddenly, there is a good 
hope of this SMR business, and they are investing into a big test bed 
also for specifically that. So a lot of investment coming up. And as you 
know, KSB is the leading pump supplier for these nuclear business apart 
from the people who already make themselves, that means the reactor 
companies like EDF, and they make those pumps themselves. 
 
Apart from that, KSB as an individual supplier has the maximum share. 
So KSB Group is very much looking forward and for this business and 
they are they have secured orders as also on these things. So good 
opportunities and good traction there in the nuclear business for the 
group. And same for us in India also. And I think, as I mentioned, when 
you take both the nuclear island and the turbine island, both we have a 
complete range of pumps. And it's a comprehensive range where we are 
now the reciprocating pump also is a part of our range. 
 
With BP&CL technology also, our range is complete, I would say. And 
there may be one odd, two odds pumps like can motor or something, 
which may not be there, but that also, maybe in future, it may come with 
us also. So, as a range, we are completely there as a reference PTR 
installed base, it's there. So, the aftermarket business is there. 
 
To quantify it into per annum, yeah, it could be up and down, I would 
say, in a good year. In a good year, it could be ₹300 crores, ₹400 crores 
maybe per year. So it will vary. It could vary from 100, 150 to 300 per 
year, 300 maybe more, depending on how the fast the business develops 
or comes up. But today, if you see, we have an order on hand of ₹1,300 
crores, which we feel we will deliver it in the three years. So, but it 
depends now how fast the next orders are finalised. 
 

[page 20]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 29 
 
And that way, that speed can be maintained. And I also mentioned to 
you that Kudankulam and Paks, these are additional customers where 
we are continuously getting the orders apart from nuclear. So difficult 
to quantify, but maybe 300 to if you want to figure somebody, I can 
give a ballpark, it could be more also. But I am just judging it from 
today's orders on hand situation. 
 
Dinesh: 
Thanks for the answer. Next, you mentioned data centre as an 
opportunity. So within data centre, there is only the firefighting pumps 
that we are into or are there any other categories? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
All pumps, all the category of pumps because you see cooling pumps, 
especially cooling of the heat generated inside that data centre. That is 
a big subject on that dissipation of that heat. So HVAC system or 
whatever is there, since we are there also in the building service market, 
we have developed all the products and also the HVAC system. So I 
think all the pumps required for data centre is something which we have 
in our portfolio. It is adapting to the OEMs technology or the process 
or the system. It is how fast we can adapt it and also participate there. 
 
Dinesh: 
And when you mentioned 3% to 5% is the pumps cost of the total data 
centre or thermal power plant, this includes the entire bucket of pumps 
that we deliver to them, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
True. Correct. 
 
Dinesh: 
Thanks for the answers. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One question with respect to the finalisation of orders you mentioned 
about NPCIL, the new orders. So in the past, we have the NPCIL issued 
tenders for pumps for Gorakhpur Haryana as well as Kaiga. Even going 
forward, we expect similar tender approach or the private companies 
who get the orders, they can reach out to you directly for these reactor 
coolant pump orders or will it be a tender approach? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
For the 700 megawatt, for the 700 megawatt 12, the power plants which 
are coming. The reactor coolant pump, I think will be in the scope of 
NPCIL for the 700 megawatt. And all the other pumps will be with the 
EPCs, whether it is mega, whether it is BHEL, whether it is XYZ. So, 
those will be procured by the EPCs. And for the private sector, which 
is entering into this market, I think the pumps that is not yet been 

[page 21]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 29 
 
decided. But I think most probably the pumps will be in the private 
party's scope. 
 
The guidelines and the requirements will be still governed by NPCIL. 
But they will be procuring the things. We have to wait and see, but that 
is what my information or thing is right now. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have one question. So, the government approved the Jal Jeevan 
Mission extension from 3 lakh to almost 8 lakh crore now. So, just 
wanted to understand because KSB mentions it has a top three player in 
water pumps. So, what is our exposure specifically to the scheme and 
overall water pumps? How much comes into the revenue and the 
immediate benefit will be there from the allocation? Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, this was a very positive, it's good that you mentioned that. It was 
a good announcement which came up and with that scheme, all the 
submersible borehole pumps, the water transfer pumps which we are 
doing government business in different states. Now, that gives a good 
opportunity in states I think Bihar and all MP. So, I think this business 
will continue and I don't have quantifiable amount of how much that 
business is, but it is a good opportunity because we are doing business 
and we have the product basket for doing that. 
 
So that investment in that Jal Jeevan Mission, I think will also give us 
opportunities for growth. And as I mentioned in my earlier statement 
that water wastewater business is going to be a huge growth segment 
for us. We have identified that and brought many products in that 
segment. If vertical turbine pumps, we never used to make, now we are 
making that, got good orders also for that. Horizontal drive motor 
pumps, Sewatec type, we have got orders. 
 
We were only making those submersible sewage type pumps, but also 
the split case pump, now we have a much bigger range. So all these 
steps which we have taken in the last two, three years is helping us to 
grow in the water segments. And somebody asked us a question, what 
is the growth in these new segments or the new products? And majority 
of this growth is coming due to all these product additions and 
supported by those market segment, water wastewater growth 
specifically. 
 

[page 22]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 29 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yes, Thank you. And just wanted to confirm the revenue from nuclear 
for the year because there was a slight mismatch when you stated it after 
the initial slide. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It's very difficult to give a figure to a nuclear revenue. It could be 
anywhere between ₹100 crores to ₹200 crores. It is something as a 
figure which I have got. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No, sir. For the current year, CY 2025, I was asking. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
CY 2025, see we have January to December. Our sales recognition is 
from January to December. So, that's why I said our year ending is 
December. So, current CY 2026, I would say. CY 2025 was hardly 
anything, ₹30 crores to ₹50 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay, okay, that's what I was asking. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That's ₹30 crores to ₹50 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, please. I think you have been delayed by that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No worries, thank you. Any progress on the river linking side as to you 
mentioned in your comments that there is some movement there. So, 
what will be the kind of opportunity? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think those businesses specifically from EPCs if I talk like for 
example, L&T. L&T is in Chennai, they have a water division and they 
will be participating and they projected to us a big amount of business 
to come and they asked us to be prepared with the pumps. So, those 
things, I think will happen in this second half and next year as well. 
Amount of business again difficult to quantify, but I would say that in 
the past, we were not participating in this project. In the water business, 
we were mainly with irrigation, submersible borehole pump. That 
scenario has changed today. We have got our big products also, big 
sized products and that is helping us to participate in with EPCs and 
water contractors like L&T, Wabag, many infra companies who are 
there in this business. 
 
We are now known to them and we have got those beginning orders. 
And I think once we establish our customer network and references, we 
can grow much faster there. 
 

[page 23]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 29 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One other thing on nuclear side. Other than Kaiga 5 and 6, for the other 
three projects like Gorakhpur, for Rawatbhata and for Kudankulam, the 
ordering for primary coolant pump is still pending. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, all is ordered. KSB got the orders for Gorakhpur, Haryana and 
Kaiga. Kudankulam that has been supplied by the Russians. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
By the Russians and for Rawatbhata also for expansion? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, that is not yet ordered. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
That is not yet ordered. So, apart from Mahi Banswara and Rawatbhata, 
all the primary coolant that is for the plants that are under construction 
is already ordered. For these two? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, for Mahi Banswara and Rawatbhata, I don't know which unit you 
are saying. Those will be ordered next year. The tendering may be 
ordered this year, but I don't know. I'm just giving a safe figure that all 
those new tenders will come out this year. But ordering, I think will be 
happening in 2027. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And just going back to Jal Jeevan Mission 1, how good this business 
was for us or if you can give a perspective in terms of numbers also that 
was it a meaningful thing and now with the changes, will it be a 
meaningful thing? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I am sorry, I don't have the figures with me. But I can only say that this, 
with the new product additions which we have been doing, this business 
will, we should get a better share. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Earlier, we were doing mainly the submersible borehole pumps, but 
now, and other tenders which come out in these schemes, we will be 
able to do much more business. So our share should improve in the 
coming year. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And last question is on the thermal side, what would I mean, if 
you are able to say that, what would be your market share on the thermal 
power plant side in terms of pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Share, again it's a project business. It's either 0 or 100. It's something 
now boiled feed pumps today, which is our main forte, we were 
successful. So, with all the business coming up, if I were to put a figure, 

[page 24]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 29 
 
if that answers your question, then I would put a figure of 50%, for 
example. It would be my boiler feed. Same is for condensate extraction. 
Cooling water pump zero. And other miscellaneous pump maybe 15% 
to 20% is something which we would put in a thermal power plant. This 
would be there. This is put a percentage. Value wise boiler feed pumps 
are quite big compared. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, apart from BHEL, if others win it, there is a potential market for 
you as well, right, for L&T, JSW and all? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Now, specifically, L&T as a EPC contractor, JSW with their own power 
plants, JSW with Toshiba. So, these two customers private, BHEL 
doesn't. BHEL only may buy in future with us. Earlier they used to buy 
FGDs, which they will continue to buy wherever it is sanctioned. And 
now, we have an opportunity of the boiler circulating pumps with them. 
So, these are two opportunities with BHEL. 
 
Otherwise, they make all other pumps. And with L&T, and JSW and 
Toshibas, we have opportunity for all except the cooling water pumps. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Perfect. Thank you very much. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. Yes, please. 
 
Kamlesh: 
Hello. I'm Kamlesh from Asian markets. You touched upon solar, you 
started manufacturing. So, just wanted to check what all has changed in 
terms of the business which we used to do earlier and how now we are 
looking at that business from manufacturing point of view. Also wanted 
to understand the profitability profile of that business as well as working 
capital profile. I understand is it more of a government focused business 
than how these things look in the overall scheme of things. Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, to give you a very, again a clear and a transparent perspective, 
we entered solar business hesitant to enter because we are basically a 
product driven company and the systems business was not very 
comfortable because of these questions which you raised. But the 
market move was very much oriented towards solar and we felt that we 
cannot keep out of it. And it's good that we did that because today, you 
see lot of agribusiness being converted to solar. 
 
So when we started, our share of manufacturing was very less, was only 
the pump portion. Step by step, we added the motor, DC motors, which 
we started making ourselves. Now we have added the controller, which 

[page 25]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 29 
 
we are making ourselves. So our share of that whole package has 
increased today, if you ask me, maybe 30%, 35% from initially 10%. 
 
The big share is of the PV panel, which at present we don't intend to go 
in that field because you need big volumes and big space, big 
investments for those things. So, we have kept a strategy of what we 
can do and digest those business, what we can do within our existing 
resources, within our existing manufacturing capacity. We are doing 
that and that I mentioned is almost ₹300 Cr today. And on the 
profitability and cash flow, yes, it's not similar like our normal pump 
business, it is something which we are monitoring. 
 
But I would say that it would be let's say, three to four points below our 
other business. This is what it is. But with the lesser fixed cost than the 
other plan things. So, and plus this market is growing and developing 
and it could not be fair to be out of that market. So, till today, we feel 
it's a good addition, a wise decision that we took and good sustainable 
for future. Yes, on the working capital and the cash flow, it has been a 
challenge specifically from Maharashtra. 
 
Other states, it has been good cash flow. But Maharashtra due to 
whatever reasons, the cash flow has a bit been behind. So we are 
addressing that issue. It was a learning curve, big learning curve 
because the payment becomes receivable only after you have uploaded 
all the things report, installation, satisfactory performance in that portal. 
The portal acknowledges it. That day, it starts the thing. So, our team 
had to get over that mindset of just dispatching it and installing it. So, 
that documentation took time. 
 
So, I would say that last year has been a learning curve which today we 
are much better. So, step by step, it's our internal goal and target to 
reduce that working capital also. If you ask me, it is a difference of four 
or five days between the working capital of normal business and solar 
business. So, that is a big sum which we want to bring it at least to one 
or two days maximum. 
 
Kamlesh: 
Sure. So, last year, you said, it's ₹300 crores revenue, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Last year it was ₹240 crores, ₹245 crores to be precise. 
 
Kamlesh: 
So, what kind of growth you are envisaging on this growth? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
At least 20% minimum, 20% to 25%. Solar, it is normal, I would say. 
So, we are expecting at least minimum ₹300 crores this year. Of course, 

[page 26]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 29 
 
it depends again on the decision-making. These are predominantly 
government customers. 
 
Kamlesh: 
Yes. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
All state governments and so it is something which comes with its speed 
and pace. Some state governments are very fast and doing it like 
Maharashtra. But we'll be dependent on that. But if everything goes as 
per plan, we have budget ourselves, budgeted at least minimum 300 per 
year. 
 
Kamlesh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
There are ASMR approved under nuclear energy mission. Have you 
heard something from the government on those pump tenders for that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, that is at an initial stage the government and there are discussions 
ongoing on these things, SMRs and they are doing that. But for us, we 
are not yet involved or started. Our parent company is quite advanced 
in that field. They have already got some orders and tied up with some 
international big bidders. And I think we'll move into it step-by-step. 
But today only our parent company is participating in this. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
My second question is, does the primary coolant pump differ materially 
between PWR and PWHR technology pressure. PWR which is the 
upcoming light expected to be the upcoming technology so, but it differ 
materially or it is almost similar? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In my information, there is not much difference. But I would not be the 
right person to answer that. But I as far as my knowledge goes, maybe 
you park this question for the next meeting, I'll invite the nuclear experts 
and we can. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
My last question. When does our supply of pump commence, is it linked 
to the first pour of concrete by any chance? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, of course. The first pour of concrete is a good sign that the project 
has started, because in a nuclear project, the site clearance for all the 
test and seismic and all those things have to be cleared. So the first pour 
of concrete is a very good sign of the project now moving ahead and 
which is I heard is happened for a Kaiga. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yes, that's what we are asking for? 
 

[page 27]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, may be Kaiga project may move ahead of the other one is chances 
are there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The Gorakhpur is still waiting, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Still waiting, I think, but it is also almost cleared. We will have to see 
when that happens. I am not updated yet on that. But what I understand 
is, Kaiga is moving much faster than Gorakhpur. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Again, continuing on nuclear, so far you largely had a 100% market 
share on RCPs, if right my information is correct. Now going forward, 
I am assuming NPCIL must be thinking of diversifying the risk of a 
single supplier, right? So, any progress on their developing a second 
vendor or somebody else coming in, you think future projects might be 
50-50 for you and somebody else? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, definitely, NPCIL is looking for alternative suppliers. So, I think 
there are development orders given and there are companies which have 
approached and which have discussed with NPCIL. So, yes, those 
vendors, if and when they are approved, will be a competition to us also. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Any your guesses on very slightly… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very difficult to say, because this development process is an extensive 
process and it depends on how NPCIL views it and what kind of things 
happen. Unless the final product comes out, it is never complete 
because this is the most critical product. If it was any other product, we 
could give a timeline. But it totally depends on how the company which 
makes that pump and also how NPCIL finds it acceptable. It's a mutual 
development together, right. And so, we'll have to wait and see how it 
happens. But yes, specifically in the future long-term, the NPCIL is has 
the plan to have more vendors, which is very normal and we will have 
to face that competition. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Secondly, SupremeServ, right, last three, four years between 8% 
to 9% of total revenues is what the SupremeServ revenues have been. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no, that is SupremeServ revenue today almost is 15%. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
15%, okay, because last year was ₹233 crores, if I remember right, that's 
about 9% of revenues. Maybe I've got some numbers wrong. 
 

[page 28]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 29 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, maybe in SupremeServ, we include replacement pumps also. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I see. Okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The pumps which you replace. See, when you do aftermarket, you do 
spare parts or you replace the pumps also. So, if you consider all that 
and you take out the valve business also, then the percentage is almost 
15%, because valve, you don't get much replacement than spare part. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And this number, where can it go? I mean, is there a potential or is there 
a limit? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no, there is no limit. Sky is the limit. And that's what we say to our 
team. So, because there are so many things and I feel, as we mentioned, 
reciprocating pumps, PSUs. There are so many things which we took 
from BP&CL also, the ammonia high pressure pump. So there are many 
opportunities, but this business happens very slowly because you need 
to find one order, you supply it, you get a PTR, then you get approved 
with all PSUs and then you supply that. 
 
So, the business will grow quite well in the coming years when we are 
establishing our PTRs, getting approved by EL, getting approved by 
PSUs. So if you ask me a figure, 25%, 30% is something which we want 
to grow because you see, we are going into mining. Mining is a very 
predominantly 70% of mining business is aftermarket business. So, now 
thermal power plant these are coming. So all kind of business are very 
attractive for aftermarket business. 
 
FGDs, we have supplied, unfortunately, FGD that stopped suddenly 
overnight, but otherwise that would have been also a good adder. But 
considering the fact that we have a dedicated division, dedicated team, 
the opportunities not only for replacement, spare parts, but also 
improving the performance. Today, companies are going in for energy 
efficient solutions. So that also is our forte and initiative. So, no, I don't 
see that 25% is also ambitious. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Lastly, is the aftermarket little more crowded from a competition point 
of view? Do we have kind of many, many people locally also doing this 
or, I mean, what's your pitch? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I feel competition is much lower in aftermarket compared to the new 
business. Normally, everybody rushes to a tender new business which 
is readily available. Aftermarket takes a lot of time and efforts. It takes 
cons, you don't get an enquiry in the first visit. It starts with an 

[page 29]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 29 
 
opportunity or a lead which you take to convert it. So aftermarket, but 
the customer values your product, your solution very much than only 
the price. So that is why I say the it totally depends on what solution we 
provide and what kind of service we give. 
 
And I also mentioned about mechanical seal going into that business. 
So that is also very service oriented business. The customer, if a 
mechanical seal is leaking, he will not negotiate the price. He will only 
say, when can your spare part and engineer come, I want it today. If it 
leaks now, you can get your price if it is available in the next few hours. 
So these are opportunities where your own it depends on your own 
organisation and your own service and readiness. 
 
So, that is why I say that competitiveness is much more in the new 
business. And aftermarket, there are many players. And there are also 
many players, but customers would segregate not only on price, but 
many other factors. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Rajeev, you spoke on mining pumps because earlier, we were not there 
in those slurry pumps, I believe, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, correct. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So what is the status in terms of development and how do you see. I 
think it is still a back end, right, because we don't see much happening 
over next few years. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would say quite progress has been done. What is the progress done is 
now our foundry is certified and started casting this white iron. We have 
been certified by our company GIW in USA. They have certified it and 
they will be also sourcing castings from this foundry. It is due to the 
tariff that it, but we have got a small order now starting. 
 
South Africa is another country which has started showed interest of 
sourcing under its under discussion. So this is in respect to sourcing of 
components, some major components from there. For our domestic 
market, we have developed the generation two pumps now under 
development. And KSB India is the one who is doing the development 
already. And by the end of this year, hopefully those products will be 
approved or ready for release. It is done in phases. 
 

[page 30]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
March 17, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 29 
 
Vertical pump for the mining market is only made in India now. It is 
KSB India is the global supplier for this vertical pump. We have got 
some export orders and we have started doing that. So a lot has 
happened. And as we progress, as I mentioned, there are enquiries from 
Australia, Indonesia. So the market forces will see that they come to the 
most competitive source and also the nearest source. For Asian market, 
we become an option. 
 
In the domestic market, we have got orders now. Recently, we have got 
some orders from customers. And it's a different market because we are 
a late entrant. People don't want to give up their share or customers. So 
it's a very cut throat competition. Plus also like mechanical seals, it 
depends on how strong we are in the aftermarket. So you may buy a 
project, but you will have to ensure that you do aftermarket also. 
 
So, I would say, to us the progress is satisfactory. It is the investment 
which we have made in our foundry and our product development. We 
hope this business will continue to grow. The order book position is 
maybe ₹15 crores, ₹20 crores is something which is there. It's not big 
when you compare to the other thing, other segments. But I feel it will 
grow year-on-year as we increase our installed base and also we grow 
in our exports. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So, we'll now close the event and we would like to thank 
the management, attendees here for coming to the event. And we'd like 
to thank the management for giving us a chance to host the event. And 
so that's it. Lunch is available outside. So, would you like to say a final 
words for the closing? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, thank you. It was very good interacting with you. I think the 
questions were very deep and it was good that I could also refresh 
myself with your questions. So, please keep continuing asking these 
questions and we'll try to be as transparent and open as always. Thank 
you. 

