[page 1]
21st November, 2025  
The General Manager
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department           
Listing Department 
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,
Limited 
Rotunda Building
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249
NSE Symbol: KSB 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet. 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
In continuation to our intimation dated 10th November, 2025 and 17th November, 2025 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 17th November, 2025. 
Please note that the above will be uploaded on the Company’s website 
www.ksbindia.co.in. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
Encl. as above 
Mail to 
: 
 (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India) 
Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000 Fax : +91 20 2742 6000 Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office : Office No. 601, Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91 (022) 2168 1300 
Zonal Offices 
:    Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
SHRADDHA 
SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHRADDHA SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2025.11.21 
13:50:25 +05'30'

[page 2]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
Page 1 of 45 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance, 
Controlling & DTC Head 
Prashant Kumar - Vice President, Sales and Marketing 
Raja M - Valve Segment Head and Coimbatore Plant Head 
Rajesh Kulkarni - Aftermarket SupremeServ Head and Chinchwad 
Plant Head 
Nitin Patil - Vice President of EPD and IPD Operations and Nuclear 
Business 
Shraddha Kavathekar - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Presentation 
Shraddha Kavathekar: Thank you. Hope you all have had a good insightful plant visit, and 
KSB welcomes you at its state-of-the-art plant, Shirwal plant. Every 
meet we have been bringing our segment heads to you, especially the 
Nuclear one. This time we have brought all, main all other important 
key aspects and segment heads here. 
So, we have with us, Mr. Rajeev Jain, no introduction required, our 
Managing Director. Mr. Mahesh Bhave, our CFO, VP of Finance, 
Purchase, DTC Head. And we have with us, Mr. Raja from Coimbatore 
plant. He is our Valve Segment Head and Coimbatore plant Head. We 
have with us, Mr. Rajesh Kulkarni. He is our Aftermarket SupremeServ 
Head, Chinchwad plant Head. And we have with us, Mr. Prashant 
Kumar, our Sales and Marketing Head, VP of Sales and Marketing. 
So, we welcome you all and we start with our first presentation. I 
request, Bhave sir, to come on the stage. 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good afternoon, and welcome, all. I hope you had a good plant visit. 
So, as usual we start with a cautionary statement regarding forward-
looking statements. This presentation may contain forward-looking 
statement relating to company’s future business development and 
economic performance. 
Such statements may be subject to number of risks, uncertainties and 
other important factors, such as but not limited to competitive pressures; 
legislative and regulatory developments; global, macroeconomic and 
political trends; fluctuations in currency rate and general financial 
market conditions; delay or inability in obtaining approvals from 
authorities; technical developments; litigations; adverse publicity and 
news coverage. These could cause actual developments and results to 
differ materially from the statement made in this presentation. The 

[page 3]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 45 
 
company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-looking 
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or 
otherwise. 
 
We move ahead with the KSB as a snapshot, you can see on the screen, 
KSB Limited established in 1960, headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra. 
You can see we have six manufacturing locations, six service stations, 
350 plus service centres, around 22 warehouses, four zonal offices, 14 
branch offices, and 800 plus authorized dealers. 
 
The downside you can see KSB Tech Private Limited, as most of you 
are aware it’s a technology centre and into IT and engineering services 
unit, which is providing to the group companies and this is also 
headquartered in Pune. 
 
We also have a MIL Controls, which is our associate company 
established in 1997 at Kerala. And we will see the manufacturing plant 
also going ahead and it is into valves. And Bangladesh, we have a 
Liaison Office in Bangladesh. 
 
Moving ahead, you can see Pimpri, Pune, our headquarter and flagship 
plant that is into Industrial Pump Division. Water Pump Division, we 
have a factory at Sinnar into standard pumps mainly. Shirwal, where 
right now we are meeting today. This is as rightly mentioned by 
Shraddha, this is a state-of-the-art newly established plant into Energy 
Pump Division. Vambori, we have a Foundry in Ahmednagar, that is 
Ahilyanagar now. 
 
Coimbatore, we have Valves Division, and Mr. Raja is with us to talk 
about it. SupremeServ, Chinchwad location, Mr. Rajesh is with us 
today, so we can talk more about it. And MIL, as we discussed, this is 
Kochi which is into valves manufacturing. 
 
We can see the Board of Directors, Mr. Gaurav Swarup, Chairman; Dr. 
Stephan Bross, who is a Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director; 
Dr. Matthias Schmitz, who is also a Non-Independent and Non-
Executive Director; Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director, who is with 
us today. 
 
Independent Directors, Mr. Ulhas Yargop; Mr. U.C. Muktibodh; Ms. 
Sharmila Barua Roychowdhury; and Mr. Vishal Kampani, and you can 
see their experiences, they are all stalwart and quite experienced in their 
respective fields, so which is really adding the values to the board. 
 

[page 4]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 45 
 
Senior management team from left, Mr. Nitin Patil, Vice President of 
EPD and IPD Operations and Nuclear Business; Mr. Mohan Patil, who 
Heads HR; Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director; Myself; Mr. Sunil 
Bapat, Vice President of WPD Plant and Solar Business; and Mr. 
Prashant Kumar, Vice President Sales and Marketing. 
 
Moving ahead, financial performance, employee headcount 2,206, as of 
30th September. Revenue, you can see again a sustained and very good 
growth from ₹18,067 million to ₹19,117 million. And so, as in profit 
before tax, we have grown from ₹2,282 million to ₹2,485 million. 
 
Again, a very robust and steady, you can see revenue from operation, 
with CAGR of 20% continue to grow. Profit after tax, again, with a very 
good 25% CAGR what we are growing steadily. And EBITDA, again, 
with 19% CAGR. So, very steady and robust and sustainable growth we 
can see from these charts. 
 
Net worth, again, you can see a very good number ₹15,371 million, this 
is as of September YTD. Left hand down the side, you can see ROCE, 
this is with cash and bank balance, which is again 23.45% continue to 
be a very robust number. Right hand side up, you can see EPS, 
September end declared results, it is 10.73. And dividend, which is for 
2024, that is 200%. 
 
Net financial position, we continue if you see with nuclear, the upper 
hand bracket, we can see around ₹300 million, ₹299.3 million, so we 
continue to maintain our net financial position, liquid cash. 
 
Business highlights, as you are aware the market segment, Energy, 
Building Services, General Industry, Petrochemical and Chemicals, 
Mining and Water, so we have six market areas and 21 submarkets. 
 
A quick glance at order intake, so generally as we provide this, this is a 
monthly average and you can see a very good growth, that is ₹254 
crores, that is a monthly average for YTD September 2025. And this is, 
as I mentioned, steady and driven by below segments, that is 
Supercritical; Conventional Energy; Export, we have a good growth in 
Export, these 9 months; and Water Waste Water. 
 
Coming to orders on hand, again, a good growth story, you can see 
without nuclear, we are ₹13,254 million; and nuclear alone, it is 
₹13,138 million. So total, it is ₹26,392 million. This is orders on hand. 
Again, a very robust situation what we have. 
 

[page 5]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 45 
 
10 top customers, you can see few additions, L&T, we have addition 
and we have a couple of dealers like Swastik Trading, who has been 
added this year. And Haryana Renewable, Solar also as you know, we 
have this time a government customer from Haryana. 
 
A good export performance, as I mentioned, which have been our 
discussion in last couple of Investor Meeting, so you can see YTD 
September ₹390 crores, and we are 17%, which is an export percentage 
to total OI. So, again, this is a good export performance in this 9 months. 
 
I would like to give the mic to Mr. Prashant Kumar to present on overall 
Sales and Marketing segment. Thank you. 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you, Mr. Bhave. So, I will be 
taking you through regarding the order intake as well as what are the 
sectors which we are concentrating for our business growth in future, 
which is this year as well as for the future. Because most of the time, as 
Shraddha was talking, we always look from KSB’s perspective, people 
talk more about nuclear. So, we thought this time we will tell you what 
is without nuclear. 
 
So, this is what Mr. Bhave talked about, we have got six market areas, 
basically Energy, Building Services, General Industry, Petrochemicals 
and Chemicals, Mining and Water. And, basically, I will take you 
through all the segments, what we are doing and what exactly we want 
to do and what are the growth stories where we’ll be concentrating for 
the future. 
 
This is the order intake trend, means if you look at this, this is basically 
give you an idea of what is the order intake with nuclear and what is the 
order intake without nuclear. So, the yellow highlights which you see is 
the order intake that has come without nuclear. So, there has been a 
growth of 16% CAGR of a non-nuclear business year-on-year and that 
also gives a comfort that we are not only dependent on the nuclear, but 
we are also dependent on standard and project segments, which form 
the core and the largest share of our business. 
 
This is how the various segments, the six segments which we talked 
about, the market areas, this is how exactly is the sales share. So, you 
can see that the Water is the one, which is the biggest of the lot of all 
the segments that we cater to, which is 29% of our sales. General 
Industry constitutes around 23% of our sales; Energy constitutes about 
18% of our sales; Building Services, 8%; Petrochemical and Chemical, 
21%; and Mining is 1%. 

[page 6]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 45 
 
 
In this business or in this six segments if you look at, Water, General 
Industry and Building Services is more from standard perspective; and 
Energy, Mining, as well as Petrochemicals are more coming from the 
project business. These are the various customers also whom we are 
catering. So in Water, we have Veolia, Wabag, Voith. 
 
In General Industry, Thermax, of course, with Praj and ThyssenKrupp. 
In Energy, Larsen & Toubro has, as Mr. Bhave talked about, this is one 
of the biggest order which we got this year; and Thermax and ISGEC 
are the OEMs to which we supply our energy pumps. 
 
In Building Services, we have been working very closely with most of 
the consultants and the contractors and also the builders like DLF, 
Voltas, Shapoorji. 
 
In Petrochemicals, we have been doing business with most of our PSUs 
as well as Megha and Petronet LNG. 
 
And in mining, which is our new baby, we have started this business 
only about 2 years back and we have started working with customers 
like ArcelorMittal, Hindalco, JSW. 
 
So, I will first talk about Energy. So, basically, if you look at this 
picture, means this is we are talking of a growth from 458-gigawatt to 
780-gigawatt and this is what, is the ambition that government is 
looking at. And, I will be more concentrating on the thermal part, 
because this is one business which we have been concentrating and this 
has also been one business for which we got a big order this year. 
 
So, you can see that nearly 43-gigawatt of thermal capacities are going 
to come up, which actually will mean that there will be more super 
critical power plants that will be coming up. People like Larsen & 
Toubro, JSW, NTPC, these are the people who will be coming up with 
more and more requirements in next 4 to 5 years and this will be the one 
growth story that will be there for KSB for the future as well. 
 
This has been our growth story, when you look at from the energy 
market trend. We have not only this time concentrated in the domestic 
market, but we have also been working with export market. We were 
also quite successful in U.S. market, where we got three or four big 
projects. And this is the product portfolio, which you can see is what 
we manufacture for the Energy division. 
 

[page 7]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 45 
 
Next is the Water, and as I said, the Water is one of our biggest segment 
that we have. So, why Water becomes the biggest segment, as the 
population grows, this requirement of water will not go down. So, you 
will require water for drinking, you will require water for sanitation, 
and you will also require recycling plants and desalination plants, 
because water is going to be a scarcity in the future. And this is why, 
this business is one business which definitely we see will be there and 
we don’t see any downside coming in. 
 
And typically when you look at India, where we are having very less 
desalination plants or we have now started concentrating on Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 cities for typically waste water treatment. This offers a good 
business opportunity for KSB in the future. 
 
So this is the trend that you see here. I’m only talking right now of 
Waste Water division, basically, I’m not talking about irrigation. 
Somehow irrigation was not very good this year, because of the 
extended rainfall, but Waste Water is one division where we have been 
growing quite successfully. 
 
The reasons for this is, of course, the infrastructure growth, followed by 
the introduction of the new products that we brought in, typically like 
Vertical turbine pumps, or Sewatec, or even our KRTs with K35 
motors, which are giving us a robust growth into this area. 
 
So, you can see that we have been working with a lot of municipal 
corporations and we were quite successful with few of them this year. 
Followed by even people like Wabag and Voith, and they have come 
up with the industry requirements as well, especially for Reliance, so 
we got big orders for Reliance for both Nagothane and Dahej for their 
both plants. 
 
Coming to the Building Services, basically, this is one segment which 
we definitely feel will be the future like the Water. As we move more 
towards the urban infrastructure side, buildings also will be coming up, 
so will be the metros, so will be new hospitals and accordingly the 
airports as well. 
 
So, in this segment, I’m not talking about hydropneumatics or those 
aspects, but I’m more talking of firefighting which we see as our 
Sunrise segment for the future. If I’m asked how exactly you look at the 
firefighting business out of – this is close to around ₹625 crore of a 
business and close to around 12,000 units are being sold annually. 
 

[page 8]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 45 
 
And the firefighting market is being divided into two, listed as well as 
unlisted. When we say listed, this means it is with UL and FM 
requirements, basically UL/FM means the insurance is done, this is the 
insurance part and for having that insurance, you need to have a product 
which is with UL/FM certified. And, most of, whether you talk of 
Amazons, or you talk of data centres, you talk of airports, this 
requirement is becoming more and more stricter and people ask for UL 
and FM. So this market is gradually increasing. 
 
When we talk about non-listed, as we grow, so has our fire norms 
become more stricter. It is now becoming very strict that each building 
above six floors required to have fire systems in place. And that is how 
this unlisted market also is likely to grow and that is how we see this 
business coming up in the future. 
 
If you see our business growth in this segment very specifically, means 
so I’m talking from 2021, we have grown at a CAGR of close to 50% 
and we see this growth continuing even for the future as well. 
 
I’ll just come to the next slide, where we talk about the new products 
that we have brought in. And, as I said, UL and FM will be required 
more and more as we grow up. So that is one of the reasons why we 
have also worked upon and brought new products, which are UL/FM 
certified and that helps us to have a competitive edge in the market as 
compared to against our competition. 
 
We have also brought this MFMO, which is a multi-stage vertical 
execution pump, usually when you look in cities like Mumbai, or 
Hyderabad, or Bangalore, where the space scarcity is quite high, having 
a big pump house is not an easy solution. And there, people look for a 
vertical installation rather than a horizontal installation. And that is why 
we have brought this product as well. We have also brought remote 
sensing monitoring people like to have things on their apps rather than 
doing it physically. So this all the digital innovations, which we are 
doing. 
 
And last but not the least is definitely the IE5 motor, it is considered as 
one of the most efficient motor that is available. And introduction of 
these motors also helps us to have a good advantage in the market as 
compared to against competition. 
 
Then comes to the General Industry, of course, this is always the 
backbone of any organization and for KSB, this has been one of our 
forte for years together and it will remain as our forte for the future as 

[page 9]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 45 
 
well. If you look what exactly is driving the industry, the demand is 
primarily coming from the infrastructure push. So iron, iron steel, 
cement, these are the sectors which we see on a growth trend. 
 
The second sector where we see a lot of things happening is definitely 
the ethanol and that is how with the requirement of 30% of blending. 
We see this growing and we have been quite successful in this particular 
distillery business, where we have supplied close to more than 1,200 
odd pumps in last 2, 3 years. And we see this trend still continuing for 
next 2, 3 years, until unless we see a stoppage coming from the 
government side. 
 
One thing that has changed a lot in last few years is the data centres. I 
mean, this has been one area which has come up in a big way in India. 
And we see a lot coming up in the future also and we are ready with our 
product range to cater to this data centre requirements. And we have 
been successful as well, where we have supplied the pumps, especially 
for this Tata project in Sanand and we are quite hopeful that for the 
further projects which are coming up in Assam as well as in Dholera 
and other places, means we will be also getting more and more 
requirements. 
 
And the industry has grown at a CAGR of 8% and as I said before, it is 
primarily coming from distilleries, paper, as well as from the steel and 
metals. 
 
In this segment, I have already talked about firefighting, but then I will 
also talk about the new initiatives that we have taken. And, first, I will 
take you to Marine, means these are the sectors which we introduce very 
recent. Maybe recently means 2 years back. And we are seeing a good 
growth coming into from these segments, which also helps us to bring 
a growth into the General Industry business. 
 
KSB India was not very present into this industry, but with the Make in 
India concept coming in and more and more indigenization of the ships 
and things happening in India. This is one sector which we see will be 
definitely propelling the growth strategy for us in the future. And these 
are not very standardized pumps, these are all kind of tailor made and 
we’re looking at the space requirements, you have to be very clear on, 
you have to fit into a specific space only, and that is how we have been 
working on these segments and the applications that are coming up with 
Marine. 
 

[page 10]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 45 
 
Commercial ships yet not a big business in India, but again, with Mr. 
Modi’s vision and we are also seeing now commercial ships also have 
started coming up in India, but still it’s a long way to go, but we are 
ready even for this segment as and when this starts propelling in India. 
 
These are the product range that we have introduced for our Marine 
business, the monobloc pumps, or basically ILN, and we have got three 
pumps tested. Because in Marine business, the requirement is that you 
have to type test the pump before it goes for your approval. So, we have 
already done the type testing and trust me, this is our long broad process 
and it takes a lot of time and efforts to get these activities done. 
 
We have more or less got approval from all the government agencies as 
well as all the ship builders who are manufacturing these ships. And we 
are quite sure that with the private shipyards also coming, this will help 
us to further improve our market share into this business. 
 
We have also been partnering with the OEMs like who manufactures 
the refrigerations and the HVACs for these systems and we have got 
good orders also from these players. 
 
Next is the new technology, means we are not only just talking about 
the old single-stage or multi-stage pump. We are also talking about new 
sectors where we see the growth coming in the future. First is green 
hydrogen, we have started working on this, we supplied our first pump 
to Larsen & Toubro for their 1-megawatt prototype green hydrogen 
plant. And, now, as the L&T’s new requirements are coming up, we are 
quite sure that this business also will definitely gain momentum. 
 
Train business, the Etaseco which we introduced uh last year, just to 
give you an information, we have close to sold around 400 pumps this 
year as well, typically to the OEMs like Siemens and ABB. 
 
Wind power is one sector which we are looking at for the future, means 
we are still not ready for it, but we are quite sure that we will be ready 
for it very soon and this also is a big business that is predominantly 
present into the coastal areas especially in the southern part of India. 
 
And last is the life science applications and as the population will grow, 
the requirement of the food will go, we will be getting more towards 
packaged food and breweries and those kind of things. So, we have 
developed the pumps also for these applications and they are kind of 
supporting, helping us also to get into the primary part of the process 
plants, which helps us also to increase our numbers into this business. 

[page 11]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 45 
 
 
Coming to Petrochemicals and Chemicals, nothing this year was not 
that great for this industry, specifically, when we talk about from 
refineries, the expansions were not that big, but definitely 2026 and 
2027 looks quite positive with the new expansions coming up in 
Reliance as well as BPCL Bina, uh IOCL Panipat for maleic acid and 
HCL Mumbai refinery expansion. So, we are quite sure that this 
definitely will also help us in 2026 and 27 for this. 
 
This slide is only just to give you also an idea that apart from the 
products that were available for us for this particular segments we have 
also, we are now developing a BB1 pump type for this particular 
segment and also the VS4 type. Of course, these are all a bit technical 
for you, but this will also help us in offering the complete product 
basket. And this also is helping this year in the exports market, which 
has given us quite good business this year, especially, in this particular 
segment. 
 
Coming to Mining, as I said, this is a new baby, only 1% of the sales is 
coming from this sector. But this new baby has started crawling and 
gradually it will stand on its feet. And the reason for this is definitely 
the introduction of the new products that we are now started 
manufacturing in India, earlier it was coming from U.S., especially 
GIW or South Africa. But, especially, this LCC, we already have 
developed the sizes, we have got orders for it. VMD, we will be making 
this pump, which is a vertical pump for mining industry in India, and it 
will be supplied to the world, so we will be the plants catering to the 
world requirement of KSB from India. And we see this as a good 
opportunity for the future. 
 
So, if you look at all my market segment discussion, we mainly talked 
about products, which is one P of our business. The second P is, of 
course, the place, and as Mr. Bhave talked about, I will just talk about 
our trusted partners, that is the dealer network and most of our business 
that happens is through our dealer network, which is close to about 800 
plus dealers catering to the standard business as I talked about 
especially Water, General Industry, and Building Services. 
 
And, definitely, Raja will talk about valves as well as Rajesh will talk 
about SupremeServ, how the dealers are helping to grow this business. 
And as we are growing, our network is growing, it is helping us to cater 
to the industry as well as it brings in a lot of accessibility to the market, 
otherwise it becomes very difficult to cater all part of India setting in 
Pune. 

[page 12]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 45 
 
 
The last part is, of course, the promotion. You cannot just rely on the 
products and then just the dealers. We do a lot of promotional activities 
to talk about what KSBs all about. We have been doing medias. We 
have been talking about doing digital. We are participating in lot of 
exhibitions. 
 
Even last Friday, we were at Calcutta for Industrial Plumbing 
Association Meeting, which was considered as one of the biggest kind 
of exhibitions for the Building segment, especially for the plumbing 
activities. So it’s not just only products, we are talking of products, we 
are talking of network development and we are also promoting KSB as 
a brand to everywhere. 
 
So, with this, as India is growing for $30 trillion economy, I mean, that 
is what the goal is. Definitely, this will offer more and more 
opportunities. And, since, we have brought in lot of products, which 
definitely helps us to cater to more and more market requirements. We 
are quite sure that this will help us to grow and this will definitely 
provide KSB an effective edge for any sectoral headwinds. That was it 
from my side. Thank you. 
 
Raja M: 
Thank you, Prashant. I’m very nice talking to you today here. Before I 
jump into the business, I thought I’ll give you a small perspective about 
the Valves Division, and then the business outlook and then the 
technology, what we are adapting and how we are taking on the future. 
 
So, this is the plant that’s located in Coimbatore, which was established 
in 1987, and here we make the SICCA brand, which is the German 
design valves, which we make in this plant. The total permanent 
employee strength is 325 and it’s spread over 28,000 square meters. As 
we reiterate the SICCA, we make wide range of gate, globe and check 
valves, which are towards the energy market and the general industry. 
 
So this is the genesis of the plant. This was started in 1987. I think the 
takeaway from this slide would be that we have been continuously 
looking at the market and developing the products that is required to the 
market, so that we consistently are aligned with the market 
requirements. So, we started off with a smaller size valves initially, and 
then we moved on to the bigger size low pressure, then we moved on to 
the high pressure bigger size, and now, we are continuously working on 
the market requirements as we go forward. 
 

[page 13]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 45 
 
This is the product genesis, the sizes as you would see, it’s moving away 
from the smaller size. What we see in the market today is both in the 
general industry and the power plants, the bigger power plants, the size 
of the valves requirement is going up higher, and we are geared up to 
beat the size ranges that are required for the general industry and the 
power market. 
 
Just a glimpse of few valves, so the biggest size that we do, I would just 
give you a weight range of almost 5 to 7 tons on the smaller size up to 
18 tons is what we have handled so far of a single valve. This gives us 
that sort of a reach to the customer that the customer can look at us from 
a 0.5-inch range, up to the 48-inch range. 
 
This is one more snapshot, how we cover all the ranges, starting from 
the class rating, which decides the application criticality in terms of high 
pressure and high temperature versus the size, which can handle the 
volume of the requirement. So, we have been continuously growing. 
The green segment that you see has been the last 2 years where we have 
been consistently growing on the bigger size ranges. 
 
A few success stories, I would say, we had a major order which we 
executed for Hyundai, which is for Orlen’s project. This is a huge 
project of 260 valves, which are all of bigger size, which called for a 
new development, which we could do it in 12 months’ time with the full 
development that’s involved. I think that reinforces our belief that we 
are geared up to the market in terms of both development and also in 
terms of capacity and other requirements. 
 
And, proud to say, the Chinese market is one big market for us in the 
exports, and they came up with the TSG certification, which is an entry, 
if you have to supply to them, I think we were the one of the first valve 
plant that could get this certification. It brings in its complexity, because 
the requirements are not very clear, and you know Chinese 
requirements, the other things have to be complied to before we do it, 
and we did it first time, right, when we had the audit, and now we have 
the certificate for that. 
 
Prashant highlighted this. I think 50% of our valves business comes 
from the dealer segment. And we believe they are our extended partners 
who reach out to all the nook and corner of the markets, with which we 
are able to grow consistently, and we have 46 dedicated dealers who 
only handle valves. So, this gives us a reach, which is required for us in 
terms of the market penetration and also look at the new markets that 
we need to grow on. 

[page 14]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 45 
 
 
The industries that we are present today, I would say, Energy and 
General Industry where we are very concentrated today, and we are 
slowly getting into the Oil & Gas, right? We have not been significantly 
present, I think, you are getting into it now. 
 
And just to give you the growth of the valves business, I think we have 
been growing at CAGR of 22% on the order intake and 21% on the sales 
over the last 5 years. I think this has been basically driven by the 
consistent order intake and sales that we have been able to do and a lot 
of range that enhancement they talk to you about. We have been having 
a product basket, which the customer can rely upon a single stop shop 
for the size ranges. That’s helping us. And we also have an agile supply 
chain, which is predominantly spread which helps us to know 
supplement the growth plan that we have. 
 
Technology adoption, the valves market is very tough, the delivery is 
the first one and also to handle the complexities is the second one. So, 
we look at our own best practices in terms of the lean. So, we have 
created a hybrid cell, which can help you to mitigate the risk of the 
product mix changing in the market between low pressure and high 
pressure. 
 
We are also investing continuously on the bigger size valves handling, 
including the imported grinding machine that’s helped for the valve 
seating arrangement. We also invested on laser technology for the 
welding technology which is overlay, which is a heart of the valve, I 
would say. So, this all is done in terms of improving our throughput and 
also the capacity and consistency with first time, right? 
 
We also take a lot of digital initiatives, because we are present in the 
project business and OEM business, and the requirements of all the 
customers in terms of the quality requirements, quality assurance plan 
and also the final documentations are totally different. So, we have to 
adapt to the requirement that’s how we can differentiate ourselves from 
the competition. So, we do what is important to us to respond very 
quickly, automate the routine processes and eliminate the hard copies. 
I think this has been our approach, which has helped us to really reduce 
the cycle time that’s required to handle these requirements of the 
customers. 
 
Supply chain strategy, I’ll talk to you about this. I think, we are 
continuously enhancing the vendor base Quality, we are also 
proactively investing on capacity by additional patterns that is required 

[page 15]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 45 
 
in the foundries. We are also looking at strategic alignment on the 
bought out like the actuators and gear boxes, which helps us to be 
competitive in the market. 
 
Quality. We have a four-pronged technology, typically we have an 
incoming inspection, we also have in process and final. What we have 
also built in is the vendor quality management, which takes care of the 
new vendor development and also maintaining the consistency of the 
quality through proactive alignment with the vendors. So, this is 
actually helping us to complement our growth that we are looking at in 
terms of our valves business. 
 
We give a lot of emphasis on safety as KSB India, and so do the Valves 
Division. So, we look at a lot of proactive measures and we also look at 
the requirements which are supposed to be complied and we also 
participate in the local domain in terms of understanding the best 
practices and we also are getting recognized for the initiatives that we 
take. 
 
ESG. It’s in KSB India’s guideline that whatever we do has to be 
aligned to ESG. So, we have been doing a lot of efforts in terms of 
moving to 100% solar, which is helped us to know avoid the carbon 
footprint and we also are consistently doing practices that will help us 
to reduce the energy wastage. 
 
We also wanted to differentiate ourselves in the market, because in the 
valves market, GGC is more like a commodity market. We should look 
at more towards solution rather than a product. So, we look at engaging 
our customers into knowledge in terms of understanding our product, 
USP’s of our product. So, we have a Valve Learning Centre that we 
have created which was originally incepted for the knowledge for the 
incoming new people. But, now, we have extended this to all our dealer 
front-end and also to our customers. This gives us a connect that is very 
important in terms of looking at a solution rather than just a product. 
 
The plant is equipped with continuously working on increasing on the 
capacity, which we do by our own efficiency improvements, and also 
lead concept implementation. 
 
We also have lot of initiative that we take in the local domain for CSR. 
The first is a skill development, which we have provided and simulation 
welding technology to the local Industrial Training Institute, which will 
help us to create the talent pool in the domain. Look at the core 
processors, where we don’t have people today taking the offering. So, 

[page 16]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 45 
 
this help us to really create that base for the talent pool. And we also 
work with the local schools, whatever support they need in terms of 
infrastructure. This is more towards giving back to the society from 
where we operate. 
 
All these does not happen without the people, so we have lot of 
extensive, I would say, every diversified employee engagement 
programs, which helps us to keep the team that’s behind just to be 
motivated. 
 
Way forward, we will continue to focus on the four quadrants we do. 
The new market, as I mentioned earlier, we have been strongly present 
on the General Industry and Energy, now we are getting into Oil & Gas. 
And we are also getting into General Industry, where there is a non-IBR 
requirement, it’s a huge market that we have seen, so we are getting into 
those markets. 
 
For getting into the new markets, API Monogram is required, so we are 
working on an API Monogram, which we will be getting in 2026. And 
also to the Saudi Aramco business, which is for the export. So these two 
certifications are, what we qualifications, what we will take forward. 
 
New products, we are looking at expanding our base in terms of bellow 
seal valves, which we are not present and knife edge gate valves and 
metal seated ball valves. I think these all have come through the 
customer requirements that we have received over the few years, and 
we are trying to build up as we have been doing in the years before. 
 
Manufacturing strategy, I think, we are continuously focusing on an 
efficiency and throughput improvement and that’s the only we have 
been growing so far. And, we also looking at adapting the smart and 
latest technology, which I explained to you about the laser technology 
that we have adapted and capacity will be a continuous process that we 
will do as deem to meet the customer requirements. And that’s it from 
me. Thank you. 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
Good afternoon. I’ll take you through SupremeServ overview. As 
Prashant explained, we have got so many products in our product 
basket. There are so many initiatives as far as the products are 
concerned, which are coming, which are already there. So, it’s very 
important to have these products to be served properly, the end users 
who are using these products, should be really satisfied using our 
products. 
 

[page 17]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 45 
 
So, this is what we are here for. SupremeServ is a brand name which 
was given in 2018 for the aftermarket business, once any product is 
sold, then the entire life cycle of that product has been taken care by 
SupremeServ. This was created in 2018 with a special focus that it has 
to be focused properly to give a proper justification or a vision to the 
customers. 
 
So, broadly, in earlier times it was only giving some services to our 
customers or supply of the spare parts, but it’s not the way now we 
operate at. What are these various initiatives? What we take care? I’ll 
just explain in next few minutes. 
 
Our location, you have seen this beautiful plant in Shirwal. Before 
inception of this plant, all these pumps which are manufactured in 
Shirwal. Now, those were manufactured in Chinchwad. As we moved 
from Chinchwad to Shirwal, we have got that plant available for us and 
we thought that why not to really make this plant dedicated for 
SupremeServ activities, for the aftermarket activities. 
 
So, this plant which is based at Chinchwad basically was a plant of 
manufacturing, which is now converted into SupremeServ activities. 
The total area of the plant is close to 15,000 square meter where we 
operate from. What is available in our plant in Chinchwad. 
 
So, these are the various things which are based in the Chinchwad plant, 
we have got central warehouse which is taking care of the standard 
spares distribution. We have got seal manufacturing which is available 
in Chinchwad. We have got reverse engineering laboratory, I’ll explain 
in the future slides, what is it all about? The seal repair centre, a 
dedicated machine shop for the various activities of aftermarket. Of 
course, the office area. Then, the boiler circulation repair laboratory. 
And the biggest repair centre. These are the various things which are 
actually located, which are the various particles of SupremeServ which 
are based in Chinchwad. 
 
We call this as SupremeServ tree. If you see in this tree there are many 
fruits, which we proudly take care and which have the various verticals 
which we focus on right from retrofitment to pump spares, right, from 
reverse engineering to reciprocating pumps and, right, from the MIL 
valve, which we replace to the in-house repairs. 
 
We will go quickly what we do slide by slide. These are the two things, 
which are a new addition to whatever we were doing earlier, one is the 

[page 18]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 45 
 
optimization services; and the second one is BP & CL pumps business 
for aftermarket. 
 
What are the offerings of the aftermarket? What are the offerings of 
SupremeServ? Broadly, it can be categorized as Spares, Services and 
Digitizations. In Spares, again, there are two sub-parts, one is the 
standard spares, which are required for our standard pumps; and the 
second one is engineered spares. In Service, what we give to the 
customer, mainly it is repairs, retrofit, replacement and the other 
services, which will come in the later slides. In Digitization, we have 
got tools to help the customer to really identify the problems well ahead 
once it fails or how to optimize uh the operation of the pump. 
 
Let’s go one by one about the first big vertical of Spares. Engineers 
spares are those spares which are really required for the engineered 
pumps and the genuineness of the spares is far more important. These 
are manufactured with our stringent quality norms in either in Shirwal 
or in our other plants to supply it to our esteemed customers. 
 
As Prashant also explained about the big network what we have of our 
dealers, most of our dealers are our authorized service partners also. As 
these standard pumps are rooted to the end users through our dealers, 
it’s important to really cater to these end users with the spare part supply 
and with the services what they require. And these are also rooted 
through our service partners. We have actually got 76 different service 
partners for the industrial spare parts, and for the submersible, those are 
more than 200. So, all the pumps which are going in the market are 
properly catered by all these service partners, which we have across the 
country. 
 
When it is important to serve the customer, it is important to serve them 
with proper spare part supply also. So, we have got a very big 
warehouse in our Chinchwad plant, which is called central warehouse. 
The total area is close to 2,500 square meter and the bin locations, the 
various spares which are kept in the warehouse are close to 14,000. 
 
This is mainly to increase the speed of manufacturing to supply to our 
end users. All these spares from our warehouse are the standard spares, 
which go to our service partners and then to our customers. Mainly, this 
is the mother plant, this is the mother warehouse, and all our service 
partners they are actually storing the necessary spare parts with them. 
So in this way, the distribution is flawless and then it is speedy to. 
 

[page 19]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 45 
 
We have got the new entrant in the family called mechanical seal, it’s a 
very important part of any pump. We have got the seal manufacturing 
facility as well as repair facility in our works in Chinchwad. We are 
expanding this actually the repair centre as well as the 5 Axis machine, 
which we have recently bought. It’s really speeding up the mechanical 
seal manufacturing line. 
 
Then about the Services, we talked about spares, when we talk about 
Services, there are various initiatives what we take to help our 
customers. These are those, right, from repairs, if you see the entire life 
cycle of a pump once it is sold to a customer right from the beginning, 
installation, commissioning, till the entire life cycle of the pump, the 
end user always needs support from KSB and with these initiatives right 
from the repairs, the retrofit or modification, the replacement, field 
service, reverse engineering, et cetera., with help our customers to run 
these pumps without any problem, which are those I’ll just explain. 
 
First is in-house repairs. If it is required that the pump cannot be 
repaired at site, sometimes it requires major overhauling, sometimes it 
requires major repairs, then we bring the pump back to our works to 
repair it. We have got these six different repair centres across India. The 
biggest one is in Pune, and then one in each zone close to the customer 
to repair the pumps in-house with us. 
 
Once the pump is sold it might be required that we need to retrofit or 
modify the pump to suit the requirement of the customer, may it be for 
changes of the parameters, may it be change in the metallurgy to suit to 
the process of the customer or for efficiency increase of that particular 
pump. So, we take care of these retrofit and modification jobs. 
 
Once the life cycle of the pump is over, it is necessary to replace the 
pump also. So SupremeServ takes care of replacing the old pumps with 
the new pumps, not only the KSB pumps, but majorly the competition 
pumps as well. What we do is, at the same footprint, where the existing 
pump is located, we match through our engineering services that the 
new pump is designed in such a way that there is no major modification 
of piping or civil which is required at site and the replacement thing is 
done without any problem. 
 
In the same line, we also do take care of the LSTK contracts, which is 
called Lump Sum Turnkey, which involves everything right from some 
small civil foundation to piping to instrumentation, of course, 
replacement of pump and then commissioning and handing over. 
 

[page 20]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 45 
 
Then, the field service support, the backbone of SupremeServ, we have 
got 40 plus service engineer working continuously at site. This mainly 
is for installation, commissioning, troubleshooting or any modifications 
at site. 
 
Some few examples of very prestigious project of flowline 
displacement pump in ONGC Kakinada, where on a floating platform 
the engineers were working 24/7 to run the pump and to make that 
happen on time. 
 
And a new vertical called reverse engineering, here, we have got 
various 3D cameras available with us for scanning. We not only scan 
and reverse engineer, but sometimes we change the metallurgy, 
sometimes we change the parameters of that particular product what we 
take to improve the performance of that product or even that pump. 
There are cases that recently we have reverse engineered a complete 
pump and supplied it to the customer and it is running without any 
problem. 
 
This is mainly for those customers who are facing huge problems of 
getting the spare parts in time or those are imported or they are not 
getting support from OEM, et cetera, wherein we help the customer to 
reverse engineer those parts and to supply it to them. 
 
The boiler circulation pump in a super critical or subcritical power 
plant, this is a very important product, it’s a big product called boiler 
circulation pumps. And the repairs of such pumps is very critical, it 
cannot be done at site, especially the rewinding. So, we have got a 
special laboratory of repairing these boiler circulation pumps in 
Chinchwad, where we not only take the pumps from India, but there are 
one, two cases where we get these pumps even from Malaysia, 
Indonesia to repair these pumps. 
In optimization services, there is a data logger what we install on a 
pump, that means it’s just like a cardiogram taking the health of a 
human being. It’s a cardiogram, which is taken by this data logger and 
we analyse it properly, and then suggests the customer what should be 
the remedial action to improve the performance of that particular pump. 
 
Mr. Bhave also informed about the MIL valves actually, there are huge 
number of this automatic recirculation valves, which are installed at 
site. We take care of replacement of these walls with our own MIL 
valves, which is giving long life to the customer about these valves. So, 
we not only take a care about the pumps, but some auxiliaries of the 
pumps as well. 

[page 21]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 45 
 
 
BP & CL, Bharat Pumps & Compressors Limited, we acquired this 
company, the technology knowhow in 2023 earlier, and then we started 
this business, the entire range of parts and services what we cater for on 
our own pumps. This has been done for the BP & CL pumps also. This 
acquisition really helped us to get a good installed base of BP & CL, a 
new product called reciprocating pump, where we are now developing 
the competence of supplying the spare parts and the pumps to our 
customers. 
 
This was about the part supply and the services what we provide. It’s 
important that the customer should have the digitization services also, 
everything works on mobile now. So if it is available, the health of the 
pump is available on the mobile, it will be far better. So KSB Guard is 
one of the product, which is a small online monitoring system, which 
gives the details of the pump, what is running about the temperature, 
about the vibration, about the running hours right on the mobile of any 
customer, and it helps the customer to know the health of the pump. 
 
In case if it is going to fail, there is a pre-intimation given to the 
customer that the bearing temperature is rising, so please shutout the 
pump, do something. This helps the customer to really increase the life 
of any pump. 
 
One more tool, which we have is a Sonolyzer, it’s a mobile app, you 
just take the mobile close to your pump and with the noise of the motor, 
it judges what would be running inside the pump and how can you 
improve the efficiency of that pump. So, the analysis can be given to 
the customer, and then the customer can run the pump efficiently. 
 
So this is in all as we are really focusing very hard on these aspects, 
spares, supply, digitization. Our focus is really to have a self-sufficient 
team. So we have got every team member right from sales to controlling 
and right from manufacturing to the warehouse. So, slowly, we are 
focusing on this aspect very well. 
 
As this plant is big one, we have got the initiatives for energy and health 
also, as Raja also explained, we have got the rooftop solar system 
installed in the Chinchwad plant and majority of our power is generated 
inside. 
 
The result here you see, actually, we are growing at 18% or plus in last 
few years, mainly with these initiatives which we have recently taken. 
We are very sure that this growth will continue further. These are some 

[page 22]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 45 
 
sales figures which are done only from our plant, in SupremeServ plant, 
as this is only from the warehouse, from the reverse engineering or from 
the repair centres what we do. 
 
Way forward what we are going to do in the future is, we will really 
expand our service partner network. As our standard business is far too 
bigger, it’s important to have all these pumps which we supply in 
standard market to be catered properly. So, we will really expand our 
network. 
 
People, performance, passion, were our three pillars, so people are 
really important for us. Their training, not only training of inside people, 
but training to the customer is far too important. So, we will really focus 
on the SupremeServ Academy, wherein we are going to build a proper 
training centre for our own people as well as our customers. There will 
be some development in infrastructure in our own plant. And through 
our digitize services, what I explained and coming more, we will really 
focus on the speed of what we give it to our customers. 
 
So, this was from my side about the aftermarket business, our motto is 
to really grow higher, faster, stronger and mainly together. Thank you 
so much. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar: I request the management team to come forward, so we can start the 
question-and-answer. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah, to start off just wanted your colour on the export strategy, 
currently, it’s around 15% of sales. And we have entities all over the 
world, right, the global entity. So, if we have to look at it, can you throw 
some more colour as how the parent is looking at the Indian entity for 
exports? For example, the order in the Middle East where we supplied 
from here. And so, is it looking at as a cost offset, because we can’t we 
are only assembling over there or it’s Europe and China, I mean, cost 
pressures or change in strategy. So, we get some export related from 
how the parent is thinking about it? Or the India entity obviously as 
well. But, yeah. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, KSB, has a global manufacturing network and the business 
globally supplied mainly in the regions. So, especially, plants in Europe, 
China, India, Brazil, the group ensures that the loading of all plants is 
adequate. So, it is we have an internal supply chain metrics, where we 
are allowed to export to some locations, where China is allowed to 

[page 23]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 45 
 
export to some location, where Brazil. So, they maintain a quite a bit of 
balance that all plants are given an opportunity to export. 
 
So depending on that, India also has some particular products which 
they are allowed to export. And you mentioned about oil and gas and 
that is one of them. Since we have a complete comprehensive product 
portfolio in oil and gas, we have started exporting to these regions, but 
export is not as simple to get into this region, you need to be on their 
AVL, approved vendor list, qualification of plants. So, there is a long 
process, also you need to have PTR. 
 
So that thing is started and China is also coming up with API plan. So 
it will be who performs better, customer acceptance, it also depends on 
factors, which EPC is successful. If Chinese EPCs are successful, they 
may prefer Chinese pumps. And if there are other EPCs from India, for 
example, L&T or somebody, then they are preferring. 
 
As a roadmap for group perspective, they are encouraging KSB India, 
China, Brazil, all factories to increase their share of business, and it is 
continuously increasing. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So just a follow-up on this, the Indian plant got that Level 3 rating, 
which was the only plant in emerging markets for that rating, right? Rest 
two plants are in Europe. So that also does that open up markets for and 
because there are no other plants in the emerging market related, I mean 
with that rating, so for the high precision parts. So… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Of course, if you have seen there was a slide on USA business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yes. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And this business came up this year. As the gas power plants in U.S. 
started, the acceptance, not only from the customer, from the group as 
well that they allowed India to export directly. It’s another thing that 
the tariffs came up and little bit, but still we have got orders, we are 
continuing that. So it is effective partly of the business, but having that 
Level 3 or the best certification of this plant helps us to get better 
acceptance within the group as well as with customers. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So export should grow robustly from around… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Export should grow definitely, because step by step more and more 
acceptance is happening. We are developing references. So, I see no 
reason why we should also grow in that. 

[page 24]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 45 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I have more, but… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Good afternoon. So my question is, sir, we grew very fast in last 4 years. 
But in last 9 months, growth has tapered down, right? We grew by, I 
think, probably 7%, 8%. And the pumps were especially very slow. Of 
course, the order book has grown at 22% in last 9 months. Can you 
please explain the weakness? Why there was weakness and this sector 
was weak in the last 9 months? And does this high order intake give us 
enough confidence that we go back to the double-digit growth 
trajectory? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I would like to clarify here, there is no weakness per se. There is 
a good orders on hand. It’s only a matter of delay of this nuclear order. 
In the order book is sitting, the orders from Gorakhpur, Haryana project 
and also Kudankulam project, which due to the nature of that business 
is a bit slow. We expected this to happen in this year, but it may not 
happen in this year, a very small portion may happen this year. So that 
delay has a bit of an effect in this year sales revenue, but I think in the 
last quarter we have also a good backlog. 
 
So I would say that this little bit slow down compared to the previous 
years where we grew at 15% to 17%, can be attributed mainly to the 
delay in dispatching this nuclear pumps, for the nuclear pumps. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
My second question is solar pump. I think you’re guided for global 
presentation, €107 million, right? €107 million by CY’27 for solar 
business. So what is the order… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
How much did you say? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
€107 million, I think. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
€107 million by 2027. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yes, by 2027. Yeah, I think so. The presentation is there on the website. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
My question is, where are we right now and what is the order book of 
solar as we speak? 
 

[page 25]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 45 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. I think solar business is growing well. There is continuation of 
the PM-KUSUM scheme also announced. And we are doing well. I 
would say we would, let’s say, grow from our last year at least 50% of 
the business. We are being careful here not to go too aggressively, 
because this business involves a lot of working capital and involves a 
lot of long period for cash to cash cycle. 
 
So, we are doing it in a step by step way, but we have made new entries 
into new states in Northeast. We are getting making entries. We have 
got entries into Madhya Pradesh. So, we are expanding our business 
which was predominantly in Maharashtra, we are doing it Pan-India. 
So, the future is good and whatever strategy we have made, we are well 
on track. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, do you have the number for the order book for the solar? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Are we allowed to give what numbers? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Order book for solar in the current order book. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It will be somewhere, order book would be around, let’s say, I would 
say more is on the sales revenue, order book is converted into sales 
revenue. So, we should be able to do something similar more than ₹250 
crores or something like that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. My last questions on the nuclear side. So, when we expect 
the dispatch of the Gorakhpur and Kudankulam and the and the Kaiga, 
if you can give some guidance, would be helpful. 
 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Yeah, I think last time we had said that we were hopeful to deliver few 
pumps in this quarter. But however, the progress at testbed has not been 
as we expected. So most of the things are ready, but some last minute 
issues remain. So, especially, related to electrical power and some 
auxiliary connections which are not in our scope of work. 
 
So having said that, I think, we are hopeful that the pumps should start 
somewhere in next month or first half of January. And then after that it 
is testing of 500 hours, customer has an option to increase it to 500 
hours more. So, I think next year first half we should definitely see. I 
know we are telling it – I think we are changing the dates. However, 
I’m still hopeful that for few of the pumps of Kudankulam, we will 
deliver this year. That progress is good there. We will deliver few of the 

[page 26]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 45 
 
pumps of Kudankulam, but the numbers may not be very great, but the 
deliveries will start. 
 
And Kaiga is still on, because the manufacturing clearances have been 
given. So, the main critical items, the manufacturing has started, but it 
will be only after we complete the deliveries of Gorakhpur. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. Here, sir. Sir, my question is on SupremeServ. We’ve done a lot 
of work on SupremeServ over the last few years. Is there a number in 
mind that we work with in terms of can SupremeServ become, say, 
15%, 20% of the revenue over the next 3, 4 years? And given that it’s a 
better margin business, I’m assuming, could it have a positive rub-off 
on the overall margin of the company? 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
At the moment, total SupremeServ would be close to 16%, 17% of the 
total business. And with these initiatives, surely, we will grow further. 
The way the standard industry is growing, it will be really challenging 
for us to meet that percentage, because, for example, say, submersible 
pumps, those are quite big in number. But in that ratio, the spare parts 
may be sold, may not be sold, but as you correctly told, yes, there are 
future plans to really grow it, say, up to 20%. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hello? Yeah. Because, historically, we’ve also talked about that the 
nuclear pumps and the FGD pumps are much more service intensive. 
And therefore, once that start to come up the SupremeServ contribution 
can go up meaningfully and profitability also. So, So, can it also have a 
rub-off on profitability and can nuclear and FGD contribute 
meaningfully to the SupremeServ business? 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
Yes, it will surely at least nuclear for sure, but with the FGD norms 
coming up now, FGD we are slightly hesitant whether it will really give 
us those results or not. It can start, say, after 2027 onwards, roughly. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
FGD or the nuclear? 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
FGD. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
FGD. Okay. Sure. And sir, my second question is regarding the 
engineering part of the business. While standard pump has grown over 
the last few years quite fast. Do you see engineering pump business 

[page 27]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 45 
 
contributing to the growth growing faster, given the fact that now we 
have seen a lot of petrochemical plants, especially, on the Energy and 
the Oil & Gas side, we have seen a lot of spend coming up? Even when 
we see engineers in they are talking about a lot of plants coming up. 
We, ourselves, spoke about lot of new plants coming up. Also, thermal 
power is picking up quite meaningfully. 
 
So, one, do you see engineering business growing faster than the 
standard pump business, one? And is theoretically, I believe that 
engineering business should be higher margin business than a standard 
pump given that it is customized, but in LED, does that happen? 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
I will answer your first question. Yes, engineered pump business 
definitely is likely to grow as compared to what it has been past few 
years. As rightly said, yes, both in Petrochemicals as well as in Energy, 
we see a big thrust coming because of the new thermal policy that has 
been announced where we are talking of more than 43 gigawatts coming 
up. 
 
And same is with the Petrochemicals, where a lot of refineries are 
having some expansion. So, definitely, we see a growth coming up in 
these engineered pump. But, definitely, this doesn’t mean that the 
standard pumps will take a dip. Standard pumps will keep on growing 
at the pace what we have been aiming for and we are sure that growth 
will remain. 
 
Coming to your second point, unfortunately, I disagree with your point 
that engineered pump business is more profitable business. If you look 
at any of the engineering industries, including Larsen & Toubro, who 
were one of the biggest engineering conglomerate in this. This is not 
having a big impact. But, yes, it helps you to put the pumps at various 
places, and then, it is Rajesh’s job to, at what that into a SupremeServ 
business. But that is not as profitable as is the standard business. 
Because standard business is more dealer business, where we have a 
better control as compared to dealing with EPCs or… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hello? Yeah. So I have two, three questions. First is on the valves. I 
think, you mentioned that we have applied for the certification for the 
Saudi Aramco, and there is also API certification. So, right now, that 
business is served by whom KSB parent and after the certification, is 
that going to come to the KSB India. And how do you see the oral 
opportunity for that business? Because Saudi Aramco is a very big 
player, so how are the other players who are supplying that valves to 
them right now and post the certification? How much incremental 

[page 28]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 45 
 
business that can come to the Indian entity? And how do you see the 
margins and all these things if you can help us from this? 
 
Raja M: 
Yeah. If you really look at, I cover that in two phases, the first one is 
API Monogram, just to give you an update, I think we are targeting to 
get that done in the first and second quarter of next year. And that’s an 
entry requirement for us to apply for Aramco approval. So, our 
approach towards API is not only Aramco, Aramco is the major thing, 
but like what you rightly pointed out, there is a huge competition, there 
are already existing players. So, we have to find our own core to take 
the segment that we can look at from Aramco, but we are also looking 
at other EPC majors and also the oil and gas companies in Saudi, which 
is what we would like to venture in once we get the monogram. 
 
So, today, I would say we are not very significantly present there. And 
there are other requirements which will unfold, like, today they want a 
localization there in terms of as facility there. So, we are now looking 
at the first level right now, but the market is big and the margins also is 
a challenge like what you said, because of the early entrants available. 
And, we are looking at that API Monogram as a stepping stone for us 
to get into the Aramco mark. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And if I look at the base business, I think the order info 
growth was there in the last quarter, order book was also strong, 
excluding the nuclear, but we haven’t seen the execution in the third 
quarter. So, how do you see the numbers maybe from FY’21? Because 
that is a low base post-COVID, we are seeing the 18%, 20% CAGR, 
but if we compare it with the 2023. I think there is hardly any growth in 
terms of the top-line numbers. 
 
So, how do you see this order book execution? Because product wise, I 
think we are more or less rightly placed across all the portfolios. Now, 
in terms of the numbers, when can we see the execution will go up as 
well as the order inflows? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, if I read the figures correctly that the growth is at least 8% to 
10%. It may not be as high as the previous year. So that statement that 
is hardly any growth is maybe not correct, I think the growth is lesser 
relatively to the previous year. Yes, this growth is a mix of standard 
business as well as engineered business. So, I would say that the 
standard business is quite okay, quite well, a little bit setback this year 
is because of this extended monsoon, which has affected a bit of our 
agri business and other businesses. 
 

[page 29]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 28 of 45 
 
And, I would say also the new segments which we are going needs a lot 
of approvals, certifications, which is happening. For example, 
firefighting, we need to have UL & FM certification. So, all these things 
step by step happening and that is why till these things finish, then the 
business starts really rolling over. All the new products which we come, 
there is a cycle. So, I see that the coming quarters or the coming time in 
the next years should be having with the orders on hand which we have, 
should show a good traction of growth compared to the previous 
quarters or years. Based on the orders on hand situation which we have 
already shown. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure, sir. Yeah, thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Questions on nuclear. So, how are you planning to increase the nuclear 
TAM in the coming years? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
I forgotten what the full form of TAM, please. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Total addressable market. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Yeah, sorry. So, we are already present in all the required pumps in a 
nuclear power plant. As new plants will be finalized, we will increase. 
However, we also have got this BP & CL technology now. So that also 
increases a part of the addressable market. Meaning, earlier, we were 
not addressing reciprocating pumps, that will be addressed now. By us 
that is available now. 
 
So, as the plants will come up, I think as the plants get finalized, we will 
address, but however to – since we are already present in all the pumps, 
except one moderator pump, KSB has the complete range. So, as they 
get finalized, I think we will look that that should get converted into our 
order book. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And also, sir, you have already got Gorakhpur 1 and 2 and Kudankulam 
and also Kaiga 5 and 6. We also have other projects in pipeline which 
are at various approvals which is Gorakhpur 3, 4, Chutka 1 and 2, and 
Mahi Banswara. Do you have any idea on the timelines of orders when 
you can expect? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
The exact timelines are not known. We are we are being told that the 
tender, issue of tender should happen anytime. But that we are hearing 
from quite some time. So, exact, I think, we don’t have. But I think, 
what fillers we have got is the tender should come before December. 

[page 30]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 29 of 45 
 
But that only once it comes, we can be sure because it is left to NPCIL 
to issue the tenders. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
That only for Mahi Banswara, right? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
No, what we understand or whatever we know of is there will be a fleet 
tender. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And also, sir, what kind of initiatives has been taken by the NPCIL to 
fast track the process? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Fast track the process, I would say the documentation approval has 
picked up, especially for Kaiga. And if we see Kudankulam, I just to 
clarify Kudankulam, we do not have the order for the main pumps. 
These are emergency pumps package. But if we see the NPCIL’s thrust 
on Kudankulam, they are quite uh quite fast, I would say in approving 
various documents and approving various vendors, they are quite fast. 
So it comes whenever the pumps will be on critical path for their 
projects, NPCIL does come up to that challenge and help us. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And sir, just last question, what is the refurbishment requirement 
for PCP and auxiliary pumps, I mean, like how frequently are they 
replaced and what kind of market size can we see in that? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Unfortunately, our PCPs are so good. So it’s not much. Only thing is 
we have entered into mechanical seal business of PCPs. That is the only 
part which normally gets replaced in a primary coolant pump. PCP is 
designed for 40 years. New PCPs, the design requirements are up to 60 
years. So other than these wear parts of bearing and seal, nothing is 
normally and we say to be changed. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Good afternoon, sir. A couple of questions. Just continuing on the 
nuclear side. So, sir, in nuclear, even flow serve is, we heard that flow 
serve is entering the space. So, from 2 to 3 years’ perspective, how do 
you intend to maintain your market share as and when the competition 
starts coming in, so what steps will you take to maintain your market 
share? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
So, I think we should already have a head start with the fact that KSB 
is the only major player worldwide having produced a primary coolant 
pump. So, I don’t know when the last the name, you said when they 
have produced the last PCP. So, I think that should give us a head start 

[page 31]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 30 of 45 
 
with the fact that we are currently producing, we currently have the 
orders, we are delivering and the infrastructure required we have. So, 
for any new player it should not be easy way I would say. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Secondly, when we speak with the in the channel, so the general 
feedback that we get is KSB is more stronger in the process industry 
side, whereas Kirloskar is more strong in the Water Waste Water side. 
So this is the general feedback that we get. So, two things, like why is 
it the case? And secondly, what KSB is doing to increase our presence 
or strength in the Water segment? 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
Just to answer this, yes, we are present in the process and we are also 
present in the secondary part, which is when we can talk about water 
and everything. What we have done in last 2, 3 years is I talked about 
the various products. We have got introduced the horizontal split casing 
pumps which was about 5 years back. We are seeing a good numbers 
coming from that. We have introduced vertical turbine pump, we have 
now got higher size of submersible pumps, especially KRTs, we talk 
about 350-kilowatt and more. 
 
So, we have also got into that league, where we are also considered as 
one of the player who can offer a complete solution when it comes to 
back kind of thing. So with this, I think we will have a complete basket, 
we are offering a complete basket which helps to get into the path. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The reason we were not that strong in this segment, is it because there 
was some technological gap in the product or the complete product 
range wasn’t there with us. That was the reason that we were maybe 
second to Kirloskar in this segment, Water segment. 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
I will say that we were lacking a bit on the products that were required 
for this market. And, now, we have more or less come out of that 
particular requirement and we know what exactly required and we are 
keeping now to with those products to the market. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, if I see from CY 2017 till CY 2024, so the gross margins have 
reduced by around 900 bps. But if I see on a EBITDA level, the 
EBITDA margins have been quite steady in all this 5, 7 years. So what 
would be the reason for, firstly, the gross margin is, was it due to some 
product mix change or anything that you would highlight? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
A gross margin is of course, as we know, it’s a product mix and in fact 
this year gross margin is better off, because of the favourable product 

[page 32]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 31 of 45 
 
mix. And when we come to EBITDA, it depends on the interest income 
and other factors. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
For last 7 years, if we compare the period that I mentioned, 2017 to 
2024, the gross margins have reduced from 54% to 44%, 43%. So 
around 10% dip, right? But on a EBITDA level, we see the EBITDAs 
are steady in the range of 12% to 14%. So, my question is why was so 
big dip in the gross margins for all these 7 years? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
I would not say it’s a big dip, because you’ll have to also compare 
comparatively with the numbers also. It doesn’t go only on a percentage 
basis, in absolute number if you see, so I would not say this is a big deep 
kind of a thing. And product mix, as we discussed, that always affect, 
because just now we discussed about engineering, standard and Mr. 
Prashant also explained in engineering business, how things are 
evolving, he gave an example of L&T. So, these are all reasons mainly 
related to product mix actually. And material component and all those 
things. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Maybe I add one point. I think there’s one thing which we have also 
done is internal efficiency improvement in the plants. So that means 
better capacity utilizations of the plant. The same plants, which we’re 
delivering X turnover, now they are doing 2x turnovers. So, a lot of 
internal efficiency improvements which has helped us to control our 
OpEx. 
 
And that’s why if you see overall with the growth, which we are 
handling and as Mahesh mentioned that it has when you do that growth, 
it comes, you go into new segments where you have to take strategic 
orders sometimes to make entries and those product mix affects it, but 
luckily with our better internal management of capacity utilization, 
efficiency and all. We are able to maintain a healthy EBITDA level. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. A question on firefighting segment, we are expecting 
growth in that segment, just wanted to understand what will be our 
market share in that category? And as a percent of total sales, what will 
be the contribution from the segment? 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
Right now, we will be in a single-digit, when I talk about the market 
segment, but definitely we will like to grow more and bring it to the 
double-digit. Regarding its percentage wise in terms of sales, I think, it 

[page 33]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 32 of 45 
 
will be close to around 2% roughly, I’m just giving a very rough 
estimate, but roughly it will be around 2%, 2.5% range. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And we are expecting to… 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
We are expecting it to grow to a different level. That is what we are all 
working at right now. It will be a very forwarding statement if I give 
you a number on this. But definitely, we are looking for increase in the 
numbers and increase in the percentage. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the second question is on Mining segment. How big is that 
category and what will be our market share, understand when new into 
it? 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
Right now, as I said, we are the baby just born, so it will take a long 
time for us to get to different levels where the other players are right 
now. You ask me the present share, we are hardly maybe 1%, or maybe 
slightly lower the target. 
 
But yes, with the introduction of the products, we also want to get into 
a different level and then give a push ourselves hard to get more and 
more business into this particular market. It’s a very niche market, it’s 
not dominated by too many players. But, yes, there are few who are 
quite, who had a start quite before. And that is where we have to see 
how we get into those marketing. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understand. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
These markets like somebody mentioned water project business, 
firefighting, mining. These are businesses where KSB was not so 
focused on earlier. And this business means addition of products, 
qualifying them, to bring them to an acceptable level. So, this process 
has more or less happened, and is continuously happening. And, we are 
beginners in this mining area. Firefighting, I wouldn’t say we are 
beginners, but our share compared to other competitors is less. 
 
With KSB’s entrance, I think there is a good scope for us to go into a 
double-digit market share. This is what we want to do at the end of the 
day. And it will not happen overnight, it is a matter of 2, 3 years, which 
means the being the product brings the customer acceptance, make the 
sales organization, make everything. So, I would say this is a journey 
on which we are there and we are investing today, so that this will 
become a part of our business like we have other segments, agri and 

[page 34]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 33 of 45 
 
industry and building service. So this will become a strong pillar maybe 
in couple of years in this space. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, just on the boiler feed pumps for the super critical thermal plant, 
which you have received from L&T, given the nature of thermal plant 
site, these would be more 2-year, 4-year long lead. So for you also 
similar execution cycle would be there. And second on that, in terms of 
for your order inflow visibility, because L&T further has orders. 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
Yes, these pumps are usually, you don’t have your lead time of close to 
12 to 14 months from the date of placement of orders and getting the 
approvals. And definitely we see a positive scenario, because L&T that 
sources have got 8 units of Adani for which the boiler feed pumps will 
come for ordering either this quarter or maybe next quarter. So, 
definitely the visibility is there and that is why I said next 4, 5 years 
look quite positive, especially considering the supercritical. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Export piece of it, export till now has been growing pretty well even 
this year, I think it would have outperformed domestic for you this year, 
right? So given whatever globally things are happening, do you see this 
momentum continuing and export outgrowing the base business, except 
nuclear? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. I can confidently say, yes, subject to geopolitical situation. That is 
the only hurdle which we will have, otherwise no other hurdle, we will 
grow. If the tariffs come back to normal, then it will go faster. And so, 
I don’t export is something where it is our strong point and it has to 
break those walls of resistance of customer acceptance, sometimes our 
internal preferences of some plants, cost structures and things like that. 
So I see a good journey. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But your balance sheet, we can see inventory and data have been 
increasing, right? So how do you see that going ahead? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Inventory, in fact, overall efficiency, I think we have improved if you 
see the number of days. Working capital, yes, as we have been talking 
due to solar business, a cycle of working capital, as Mr. Jain also 
mentioned, cash to cash cycle. That is definitely on the higher side. 
 
So, as we are bringing in this new type of business, which are having 
more working capital requirement, that is definitely and we will have to 
have that higher working capital to support this business. 

[page 35]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 34 of 45 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Does this also have nuclear, because that would be in WIP, right? So 
when you deliver it? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Nuclear, yeah, small, because nuclear has – this is a business where we 
get lot of advances also at each stage, so that compensate more. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But those would be lying in inventory, not in receivables, right? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
More or less. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Thanks. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. Sir, on nuclear side, sir, last quarter you mentioned that we plan 
to, I think send two pumps for installation, that got delayed, so it won’t 
happen this year, right? It won’t or next year. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Yes, I think once the first pump qualification test is completed, after 
that, I think the execution will be faster. I think you have gone through 
the plan today around four pumps are ready with us now. Once the first 
pump is completed, then the next cycle will be faster. And then, again, 
the qualification test will be repeated for Kaiga. Until that time 
delivering the GHAPV, it will be I think I would say smoother. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But testing has not started yet. I find it as still not started. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Not started, because as I said, two challenges of electricity connection, 
though it is in a power plant, but the 6-megawatt motor electric 
connection approval has not yet been given. And there are some 
remaining interfaces where NPCIL is to do some piping and cable. I 
know some of my colleagues may have answered to you during the shop 
visit, but normally we ask our people to be guarded and they are purely 
technical people. So, please, excuse us, if somebody else has given you 
some other message, but what I am saying is true. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And sir, last quarter, I mean there was heavy rain across the country. So 
project business work impacted, agriculture business was impacted, 
that’s why the growth was slower. Is it a right way to look at? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The solar business where we have installations, those get affected. Agri 
business got affected. So these are business which are very much 
monsoon dependent on these things. And maybe indirectly some other 
reasons also happened, but these are direct impact comes on these two. 
 

[page 36]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 35 of 45 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So these should actually come to this quarter or maybe next quarter. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, these are seasonal kind of business, not solar. So solar, yes, fourth 
quarter we are picking up Maharashtra government is aiming for a 
Guinness book of world records in this month. So, they are also pushing 
us to do as much installation as much possible. So, it should help us and 
due to the nature of the cycle last quarter is quite okay for agriculture. 
This is a good quarter. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, last question, I mean this plant has received a 3-star rating, I mean 
in the global. So I’m not able to understand, sorry, my ignorance, this 
is for a manufacturing, this is for processes, for what? I mean what… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
This is for a complete process manufacturing products. It’s a 
comprehensive certification. And it takes care of all these aspects. It is 
done by a KSB external team. They come from Germany, they audit the 
plant. And they do the audit of the complete manufacturing processes, 
overall quality processes and everything involved in this. And then they 
give this star rating, which is our internal benchmarking. And that’s 
how we get this Level 3 certification, which is only two or three 
companies in the group have got. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, it also depends upon the suppliers, because in the plant not much 
we do manufacturing. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
They also audit suppliers. Actually it is end-to-end, including the 
documentation, the manufacturing, the quality level, and including the 
feedback from the customer. So it is complete end to end process. The 
main intent of that is since most of our pumps are designed in by 
Germany. So, the design intent also is seen when they are auditing the 
process, whether the processes are in line with where they were 
envisioned to. 
 
So, I think from that perspective it is the good thing. And for us, it is a 
proud feeling that we are at the top in the group as well. So that is a 
good feeling. And for the customers also it gives a feeling that we are 
at par with our principle. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, is it forever or is it every year we are doing? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
No, no, no. I think they audit every 2 years. So getting it is just tough, 
but retaining also will be tougher. 
 

[page 37]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 36 of 45 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, first of all, thank you for the discussion on the non-nuclear side of 
business. So my first question is with respect to the non-nuclear 
business, as the first question was the first 9 months we have seen a 
slower growth, 107% [ph] [1:39:27]. So what’s the sustainable level of 
growth we are targeting in the non-nuclear business for this year and 
maybe for the next year? Can you give us some guidance? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In general, I would answer that is in our strategy that at least minimum 
double-digit if not more. And if we look at it, it should be more than 
double-digit. This is what we think is sustainable with all the measures 
which we explained, do you see, I’ll repeat them again, so many new 
segments we are going into firefighting, mining, mechanical seals, 
water project business, water waste water. 
 
Last week, if you are active on social media, you must have seen we 
participated in the plumber association conference, and that gave us a 
good visibility of our business in Building Services. So, all these 
segments which we were not so predominantly present in the earlier 
time, we are very active now. And so, I don’t see any reason for a 
minimum double-digit, but double-digit could also be a bit 
conservative, I would say better than that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, this quarter we have also seen some margin dip. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Margin dip. I thought that was… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I mean, I’m just particularly about this quarter. I understand the revenue 
growth was a bit on the softer side, mainly, because of the extended 
monsoon. But I mean, the margin dip, was there a particular reason for 
that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
But as I know, there was no margin, the gross margin is… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No, I’m talking about the EBITDA margin. I mean, it was slightly, I 
think… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
EBITDA margin is also on a consistent level, I would say, 13% to 14%. 
This is something similar. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Around that level. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And as I said, this is our range which we want to more important is the 
growth top-line and keeping this EBITDA margins on this level. This 
is we have explained earlier also that we are looking for top-line growth 

[page 38]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 37 of 45 
 
with a very good EBITDA margins. So, we wouldn’t see EBITDA 
margins of 15%, 16%, no. If it happens with nuclear, that would be 
good, but we are aiming that for a top-line growth mainly and having a 
consistent EBITDA in these ranges. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Right. Sir, in first quarter, you had mentioned that we are operating at 
close to 85% kind of utilization and we are in the process of doing some 
debottlenecking, because we have some scope for that. I wanted to have 
an update, are we looking at further capacity expansion from here or we 
are still in the process of debottlenecking? When would we go for the 
next phase of capacity expansion? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, good question. I think this is what we have been debating 
internally. There is internal push to have capacity expansion and we 
debate a lot and we have an exchange that let’s try to see how much we 
can extract more out of our things and valve is a good example. I think 
in your presentation maybe you must have shown how we have 
introduced those value stream mapping and increase the flow. 
 
So, yes, first of all, you must be seeing that in Shirwal, we are 
expanding, the land we had taken, that 14,000 square meter, that will be 
commissioned by March next year. The fourth or fifth shed in Sinnar, 
which got delayed a bit, that will be also commissioned by March 2026. 
So, these will be two capacity expansions which will be happening very 
soon in the next 4, 5 months. 
 
The question of further land and everything, I think it is in discussion, 
but nothing decided yet. It is still decision, but we are evaluating our 
internally de-bottling and seeing if we can extract more, then maybe it 
can be done after some years. But at present, no decision in this. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood, sir. Sir, last two questions, we used to give our revenue 
figures for mechanical seals, because that was a segment which was 
growing very fast for us within the SupremeServ segment. Is it possible 
for you to share again the mechanical seals revenue and what kind of 
growth we have achieved this year? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, we can do that. Mechanical seal numbers look good in the 
quantity. In the value, they are not as big. So, when even Rajesh presents 
it internally, he presents the number. Why? Because in mechanical seal, 
we are starting off, we are mainly in the standard business. We are not 
in the engineered API seals. When that happens, the numbers will be 
good comparable to the other industry level. But, today, these numbers 

[page 39]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 38 of 45 
 
would be smaller compared to others, but it is important that we are 
putting the foot firm and we are not rushing into it these things. 
 
Mechanical seal is a different type of business, very service oriented, 
speed is very important. So that dynamics we are trying to get inside 
our organization. It cannot wait till like a pump, a customer may have a 
standby pump and they may wait 1-day, 2-day, 3 days. But in a 
mechanical seal, it’s a matter of hours. So that culture to bring in an 
organization, so it’s that way. 
 
But to answer your question, the numbers, we can share it with you, no 
issues at all, but I would say it would not impress you right now. Give 
us some more time then we’ll make it and present here. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
A lot of our seals go into our own pumps. So how do we show that needs 
to be checked. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. So the last question is with respect to firefighting pumps. 
So, within the firefighting pumps, there was a recent stock exchange 
notification that we have got some certification. Was that the only step 
left for us to gain market share in this business? Because, until now, it 
has been insignificant part of our business. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
This is one of the steps. 
 
Prashant Kumar: 
One of the steps, yeah. It’s not the step. I mean, it’s one of the step and 
it will keep on happening, I mean, we’ll keep on adding products, we’ll 
bringing them more into your UL/FM listed or non-listed, I mean, this 
is how the process will keep on happening even for the future as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, share market has two categories. Listed and non-listed. Listed is FM 
and UL; Factory Mutual and United Laboratories, you got international. 
And the non-listed is without these things which follows the local. The 
market in non-listed maybe today 80% or 70%, and this would be 20%. 
But this listed is growing, as international company comes up with 
market [list] [ph] [1:46:15]. So, we felt the need that from the future 
perspective, we should have the list. 
 
But there’s a big chunk of market, which is in the non-listed and as we 
explain, this is a step where we are bought in product, we are adding 
product. So step by step, networking, dealer network, customer 
approvals getting on [indiscernible] [1:46:35] and this whole process, 

[page 40]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 39 of 45 
 
which takes a couple of years. And that will very, very [little gain] [ph] 
that should both in this listed as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood, sir. Sir, just one last if I can chip in. So, with respect to the 
nuclear power business, two pumps we have already delivered, for 
which we are waiting for the approval. We have the capacity to deliver 
four pumps in a year. So does that depend on NPCIL approval will be 
already received when the two pumps are delivered. But for the next 
four pumps, can we deliver as and when we make or we have to wait 
for NPCIL’s go ahead on delivery. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
You see these pumps are going to the testbed, which is built by NPCIL. 
So the first pump has gone, other pumps are ready with us now. So as 
the pumps testing gets completed, they will be sent to the site and then 
the invoice, the sales will happen. So, once the first pump is tested, then 
the main qualification tests are completed, then the routine tests, which 
is I think 24 or 50 hours will remain. That will be the only hurdle. Once 
the document approval for one project happens, there is no further 
hurdle. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So for the balance 14 pumps, you can send as and when your product is 
ready. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
No, only the one point here is the Kaiga project will again have a 
qualification test as these today. So it has to be again tested for 500 
hours. Because it is a new project, new tender; separate project, separate 
tender. So, we will have to again qualify for the pump that is not a 
critical issue for us. But as the process we’d like to continue that. And 
after that process, again, the next seven pumps will be smoother. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, my question was regarding the market share, as you mentioned, 
there are six markets in which KSBs present. If you can broadly 
mention, what is KSBs market share in each of the customer segment? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very difficult. Energy, we are the leaders. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Non-nuclear. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Also nuclear. Here also we are number one and conventional energy has 
been traditional forte of KSB. And you have seen there is a boom in the 
energy market. So, there is where we are very optimistic and looking 
forward for those years, because KSB traditionally and, today also is 

[page 41]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 40 of 45 
 
the leader in both conventional as well as nuclear. In nuclear, you’ve 
seen we are the only approved so far manufacturer for the main pump. 
And in the conventional boiler feed pumps, you see the L&T order, we 
have got this. So that is one. 
 
Industry has been traditionally a good strong point of KSB. It’s very 
difficult to – statistics are not so much – we can make an estimate, but 
I would say in the industry, we are within the top three, I would say. It 
could be first, second, third, it’s something a matter of doing the 
statistics. These are two segments where traditionally we have been 
strong. 
 
The third segment was the agri segment, where we have the submersible 
borehole pumps, where we were the leaders, then we went back, but 
now we are coming back again, we should be within, let’s say, top three 
or four. And valves also be in particular segment in gate, globe, check, 
we are the leaders in the Energy segment. So there are pockets where 
we are the leaders. 
 
In segments, where we are not in the top three or not the leaders or the 
market share is low is already mentioned is in the project business, for 
example, in Building Services related to firefighting, then Mining. So 
these are segments where we are now putting our more presence, felt 
step by step. Petrochemical is a project business. The market share can 
vary year to year. One year we may get a lot of projects or we may get 
nothing. So, it depends because the petrochemical market, there are a 
lot of players, four, five international players in the Indian market. And 
the market share can vary depending who gets the project. So, this is 
how the situation we would say. Overall, we would say that our market 
share in pumps would be somewhere 12% to 15% is something on an 
average, on a broader scale. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Got it. Second question, sir, was on data centres. So Kirloskar Brothers, 
they mentioned that they have this framework contract with Amazon as 
a hyperscaler, wherever Amazon sets up its data centre, they are 
included in the approved vendor list and they are one of the participants 
in the tender. So, similarly, because of our KSB parent advantage, do 
we have such kind of benefit when it comes to hyperscale the data? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. This is our parent company are very much into this business. 
And whatever international OEMs, we call them, they are there, we get 
that leverage out of them, then we get on those things. And, we are 
working closely with our parent company, we have created a separate 
cell called an OEM cell, where the team is dedicated to find this new 

[page 42]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 41 of 45 
 
technology and also data centre. Data centre is one of the smallest sub-
segment which we are focusing on, but it has a very good potential. And 
we are adapting our products also to their requirement. The products 
also have to be – because these are OEMs, you have to – they have their 
particular equipment and specifications. 
 
So, a standard product which we have has to be upgraded to their 
requirement. So, this process is continuously going on. And you will 
see, we can present next time our share on this data centre, because I 
see a good interest, we’ll be having a special slide on data centre next 
time on this. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
But yeah, please two, three questions. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Absolutely. Sir, the first question is on the nuclear side. With the 
visibility in hand, how do you see the execution of the current order 
book of nuclear? Across all the four projects what we have in the order 
book? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
I think GHAPV after once the first testing – you can take your seat. 
GHAPV after testing will pick up, and Kudankulam in any case is on 
fast track. So both are going. Kaiga, by the time GHAPV, is completed, 
Kaiga will also get ready. Documentation wise, Kaiga is still 70%, 80%, 
I would say roughly completed, remaining document needs to be 
approved by our customer. So once the first pump starts, I think, we see 
continuous smooth progress on all the projects. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But, is there any time period in mind up by which we need to by when 
we are planning to execute all the orders in hand? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
The delivery extensions which we have officially received for GHAPV 
are 2026 and 2027. Four pumps by made of 2026 and remaining by four 
pumps of 2027. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. 
 
Nitin Patil: 
We feel, we should definitely be able to do it before that, and after that, 
Kaiga will start. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And sir, second question is on the Valves Division. If we 
see that we have grown at very healthy rates for the last couple of years. 
And first, I just want to understand what has led to that strong growth 

[page 43]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 42 of 45 
 
and do we expect such growth to sustain going forward on the valves 
side. 
 
Raja M: 
Yeah, like how I covered the growth, if you really look at we have been 
increasing our product basket in the existing energy market and the 
general industry market. I think that has been helping us to do. Growing 
at the same rate, that’s why we are looking at the new markets, like oil 
and gas, which we showed to you, and also there are some competitive 
markets which we are getting into ASME valves, which I presented to 
you, which are in a very competitive range. 
 
This is required for us to increase the top-line, but we’ll have to wait 
and see how overall margins can come, because some are competitive 
markets, some there are niche markets. So, we are sure that we would 
be able to maintain this growth. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Sir, next question is on the SupremeServ, what we 
understand is that it’s currently 20% of the business from the parents, 
what we saw. So I just want to understand how has been the progress 
so far, let us say if there is any data or KPI you track like value addition 
per pump on the SupremeServ site or the number of pumps that you’re 
addressing today on SupremeServ versus 5 years back. Or any other 
KPI which you look at whether the SupremeServ is running on track or 
not, if you’d like to share. 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
Yeah, there is an internal system, a CRM system called C4C in KSB, 
wherein each and every pump which is installed with the customer, that 
is tracked. So, there are different categories, Type A, Type B, Type C. 
A, for example, is the engineered pumps which are installed with the 
customer. So the pump type, pump serial number, the details of the 
pump and the end user details, those are available with us. Using this 
data, it is we are really going ahead with all our offerings of aftermarket 
with the end users. So, this strong tool is giving very good results to us 
and we are developing this tool to automise many things in the future. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, but then how are we progressing like are we addressing more and 
more of the installed base or are we supplying more and more parts per 
pump, how are we increasing on that basis if over last 3, 4 years, this is 
what I’m with this data and automated system what we have made. 
 
Rajesh Kulkarni: 
Yes, with this system now almost each and every pump, which is 
installed has been tracked. The data is available. How many spare parts 
or services are given on that pump? So based on this historical data, we 

[page 44]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 43 of 45 
 
approach the customer proactively to offer our spare parts, to our 
services and then push for the orders to get more business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Sir, two questions for you is, one is on the solar pump site. 
You mentioned that these are higher working capital, but just wanted to 
understand, are these also good in terms of ROC considering the margin 
profile they offer. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In general, answer yes, but this fluctuates. This fluctuates based on, 
because these are fixed term contracts. And this fluctuates if the PV 
panel prices go up or down in the market, so that affects the profitability 
a bit. So, I would say, the time we started and the time today is a 
difference, let’s say the margins have gone down by a couple of points. 
But, we see that, again, the prices are going down. But, today, we feel 
satisfy that this margins are comparable with our pump product 
business, not very far away. So that’s why we see it as a good strategy 
to continue to go and do this business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And so, the final question is to you is that if you can just 
help us understand how important is India in overall scheme of things 
for the parent and what are the KPIs for the top management team, what 
parents look at? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, India plays a very important role in the overall scheme of the 
group. You see we have a dedicated 300 engineers here at KSB Tech. 
So, they are looking at a good amount of outsourcing their work. This 
plants, the investment which have been doing continuously. So, every 
year, our investment in KSB Limited is growing. At one time, it was 
₹80 crores, ₹800 million. Today it has gone up to ₹130 crores. So 
steadily this is growing. We are getting a better share out of the group 
investment budgets. So those are given priorities. 
 
And, yes, all the new products which we are getting, you see, I feel 
would say, I would use the word infamous. I am infamous in the group 
for asking and getting those products, because they worry me that 
whenever I go to Germany, I will ask a new product. And this is the 
support we are getting, that last month also we got approval for two new 
products, we are expecting more. So, the support has been fantastic. 
And they recognize, India is a growing market, and they see the 
potential. And so, we feel satisfied with the parent strength of knowhow 
in the products, and also the investment approval support they are 
giving, it is great. 
 
What was your second question? 

[page 45]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 44 of 45 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, finally, the KPIs on which the top management team is evaluated 
by the product? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
KPI is given mainly for the Indian market. So, it is as you see in the 
performance, they see. I mentioned it that they expect the minimum 
double-digit growth in our top-line and maintaining an EBITDA of 
what we have consistently over a period of time, 2013, 2014. And yes, 
continuously increasing the dividend year after year. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. KSB is around 30% of revenue from the SupremeServ 
segment. So is there any service gap between them and us? And can we 
reach like 20% or 30% in coming years? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I didn’t fully get your question. Now, 30% service agreement. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So this 30% is a revenue mix from the service. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. Okay. The group has a target of this SupremeServ business 
should be at least 30% if not more. In fact, have more 35%. But as 
Rajesh explained, in our case, the product mix is a lot of small, small 
pumps, submersible, domestic. So which the group doesn’t doing, 
group is more into the industry and energy and other pumps. 
 
So, today, we are hovering between 15% to 20%, but we have a KPI 
that we should go beyond 20%, 25%, 30% also in one day. And I feel 
as we supply supercritical power plants, as we supply nuclear, nuclear 
will not be much, but mechanical seal business should help us. So, as 
we supplied more and more engineered pumps, this ratio will definitely 
increase because the ratio of these business will become more and more. 
 
So I would say, to reach that 30%, 35%, it may take quite some years, 
but we are happy as long as there is a good absolute value growth, 
because everything in SupremeServ is a good benefit to the bottom-line. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, what is the contribution from the Sunrise segment as we speak? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very less, I would say, less than 5% today of the total thing, but it would 
be not fair to see it today. If you ask this question, maybe 2026 or 2027 
more appropriately, then I think we can say it in a much better way, 

[page 46]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors’ Meet 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 45 of 45 
 
because I think this is the graph of establishing that business and I would 
say that step by step we should increase our share much more. So, today, 
it’s less than 5%, but definitely we want it to be a much more evenly 
distributed segments. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Can you like also touch upon the margin profile of these new emerging 
segments, like how are they? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It would be mixed, mechanical seal, good margins, definitely, no doubt. 
Mining, good margins, because this thrives on spare parts. 80% or 70% 
is spare parts, 20% on this. Firefighting, it’s a system, it’s not the pump. 
And system is bought out, so the margins cannot be high. It’s more – 
would be a systems margin like we have for solar business. So when 
you do product business, the margins are good. 
 
So, I would say mixed margin throughout this segments, and that’s why 
we overall maintain a good EBITDA level by having these some very 
good margins, some on a normal level. And maybe if nuclear also 
happens, those business will be at a better margin. So, it’s always a mix 
of some segments having a better margin. 
 
And SupremeServ, Nuclear, Valves, these are at good margins. And 
system, solar, and firefighting would be at a normal level, but these are 
all business are interrelated. If you wanted to do good in Building 
Services, we have to be present in firefighting. We can’t be only in one 
segment. So, that’s why overall, I would say, the return which we 
always target is that EBITDA level what we have. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar: So, sorry to discontinue this good question-answer-session. Thank you 
so much all of you for taking out time and visiting our plant. I also thank 
ICICI team for supporting the arrangements. And, thank you so much 
Senior Management Team for taking out the time. 

