[page 1]
 
                    
 
26th August, 2026   
The General Manager                                        
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department            
Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                                         
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,                                       Limited 
Rotunda Building                                               
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers                                                         
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort                                               
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001                                               
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249                                
NSE Symbol: KSB 
 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet. 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated 13th August, 2026 and 19th August, 2026 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 19th August, 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
 
 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mail to 
: (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India)  
                                 Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000 Fax : +91 20 2742 6000 Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office :   Office No. 601, Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91 (022) 2168 1300  
Zonal Offices 
:  Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA 
CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
 
SHRADDHA 
SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SHRADDHA SHAM 
KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2026.08.26 
17:26:00 +05'30'

[page 2]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
Page 1 of 30 
MANAGEMENT:             Mr. Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mr. Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Nitin Patil - Vice President for IPD/EPD Operations, and Chief 
Operating Officer, Nuclear Business 
Presentation 
Moderator: 
Good morning, on behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the 
Q2 CY 2026 Institutional Investors Meet of KSB Limited. Today, we 
have with us on the dais, Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director; Mr. 
Mahesh Bhave, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nitin Patil, Chief 
Operating Officer, Nuclear Division; and Shraddha Kavathekar, 
Company Secretary. We will start with a detailed presentation, which 
will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Mr. Mahesh Bhave: 
Thank you. Good morning, all. We start with a cautionary statement 
regarding forward-looking statement. This presentation may contain 
certain forward-looking statements relating to company’s future 
business developments and economic performance. Such statements 
may be subject to number of risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors, such as but not limited to competitive pressure; legislative and 
regulatory development; global macroeconomic and political trend; 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general financial market 
conditions; delay or inability in obtaining approval from authorities; 
technical developments; litigation; adverse publicity and news 
coverage. 
These could cause actual developments and results to differ materially 
from statements made in this presentation. The company assumes no 
obligations to update or alter forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
So, KSB India snapshot, I think most of you know, but just to have a 
repeat. We started in 1960, our Pimpri Plant, which is a flagship plant. 
1974, we established Foundry in Ahmednagar, Vambori, ferrous and 
non-ferrous castings. 1978, we started our PPD, that is Chinchwad 
Plant. Initially, it was a power-driven pump plant and now it is 
converted into SupremeServ Division, that is after-sales division, where 
we have our spares, warehouse and after-sales activities. 1987, we 
established Valves Division in Coimbatore. Then we moved, 1994, we 
started our Water Pumps Division, that is in Sinnar, Nasik, which is a 
standard pump factory. 

[page 3]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
We acquired MIL Controls Limited in 1997, which is in Kochi, Kerala. 
We started our tech centre, KSB Group Tech Centre in Pune City in 
2005, which is into engineering and IT service, providing captivity to 
the group. Shirwal, the new state-of-the-art plant, which is in the Energy 
Pump Division, which we started in 2017. As all of you know, we 
acquired BP&CL Technology in 2023 and very recently, maybe a few 
weeks before, we started our new shed at Shirwal. 
 
So, presence of KSB in India, KSB Limited, as I mentioned, we started 
in 1960. Six manufacturing plants, six service stations, more than 350 
service centres across India, 22 warehouses, four zonal offices, 14 
branches and more than 800 authorised dealers who dealt into our 
products. KSB Tech, we discussed, it is in Pune City, it’s a Tech Centre. 
We have a liaison office in Bangladesh. And MIL, we discussed, we 
acquired in 1997. It’s to control valves, basically. It’s a manufacturing 
plant. 
 
Pictures of our facilities, Pimpri IPD, you can see Vambori Foundry, 
Chinchwad Plant, Coimbatore Valve Division. WPD, we call Nasik 
Factory. Kochi, our MIL factory. Shirwal, you can see the helicopter 
view of the Shirwal plant and also a factory view and new shed 
inauguration which we have done recently in Shirwal. 
 
The management team from left side, Mr. Nitin Patil who is with us 
today, Vice President for IPD/EPD operations, and COO for Nuclear 
Business. Mr. Mohan Patil, who heads HR. Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing 
Director, who is with us today. Myself. Mr. Sunil Bapat, Vice President, 
Sinnar, and also Foundry Factory, and COO for Solar Business of 
Pumps. And Mr. Prashant Kumar, who is VP, Sales and Marketing. 
 
Our Board of Directors, Mr. Gaurav Sarup who is a Chairman and is an 
industrialist. We have Dr. Stephan Bross, Non-Independent and Non-
Executive Director. Dr. Matthias Schmitz, who is a Non-Independent 
and Non-Executive Director. Mr Rajeev Jain, Managing Director. 
 
Independent Directors, Mr. Ulhas Yargop, you can see his experience 
and we associated from 2024. Mr. Muktibodh, who is from nuclear 
background and he associated with us from 2025. Ms. Sharmila Barua 
Roychowdhury, Independent Director, Lawyer and Expert in Social 
Studies in Human Behaviour. Mr. Vishal Kampani is Independent 
Director, associated from 2024. 
 
Financial performance in nutshell, you must have already gone through 
the numbers, half yearly. So INR 12,920 million half year ended, which 

[page 4]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
is the revenue from sales. EBITDA INR 1,465 million and profit before 
tax INR 1,279 million for the first half of June 2026. 
 
Continuing growth story, you can see revenue from operations, 17% 
CAGR. You can see the PAT, profit after tax, that is also 22% CAGR 
and continue to grow, and EBITDA 17% CAGR. 
 
Value creation for investors, net worth you can see continuous growth 
up to June 2026. EPS, ROCE which is 22.8%, but if I take out the one 
time labour code impact it is actually 24%. And dividend what we 
declared last year is again 220%. 
 
Update on SAP HANA, you are all aware that SAP HANA is a new 
platform which is kind of mandatory from SAP and lot of benefits what 
it gives to us, real time insights, faster and data driven decisions, process 
automation, higher efficiency, lower manual efforts, integrated 
operations, one platform across companies, functions, scalable and 
future ready, supports growth and digital transformation, enhanced 
control, better transparency and governance. So KSB worldwide as a 
global company is implementing HANA somewhere in H1 of next year. 
And we, of course, the model is a revenue model and we expect cost 
allocation in the next year. 
 
Business highlights, as you are aware we are into six major market 
segments: Energy; Building Services; General Industry; Petrochemical 
and Chemical; Mining; and Water. So these are six market areas and 21 
sub-markets. Order intake, generally we have this order intake per 
month which gives us a clear picture. You can see again 14% CAGR 
and continue to grow in order intake. H1 first half 2026 without 
Nuclear, we are INR 15,307 million OI. Very strong orders on hand, I 
think this shows the very robust orders on hand and you can see it is 
continuously growing, June 2026, we have INR 27,445 million orders 
on hand. 
 
Just to overview how we distribute the order intake, you can see 
Standard is 51%; Engineered, 14%, SupremeServ, 16%; and Valves is 
around 19%. 
 
Export business continued to grow despite of geopolitical kind of a 
pause or hassles what we faced in H1 2026. However, we hope to come 
back in H2 as the situation becoming more normal. 
 
Key growth drivers, first is Energy Conventional. There are four 
important key growth drivers, we are saying Boiler Feed Pump package 

[page 5]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
for thermal power projects; Condensate Transfer that is CTP pumps 
package which is for power generation application; Refinery and 
Hydrocarbon processing pump packages; and first localized LUV boiler 
circulation pump order. So this is the localization what we did recently. 
And you can see the product profile into Energy Conventional market. 
 
Water and Wastewater, this is again a very upcoming market, municipal 
water supply distribution project, desalination applications, rural water 
supply and infrastructure projects, strengthened presence in sustainable 
water management and infrastructure investments. You can see range 
of products which are already available with us. 
 
Commercial Building Services, another very important segment where 
we see lot of opportunities, metro rail, urban infrastructure projects, 
commercial real estate development, residential township and large 
institutional building service application where we have a good product 
range, you can see the fire-fighting range which we have been 
discussing like Gamma. 
 
Petrochemical, gas separation and processing application, we see lot of 
opportunity into these areas also with recent changes of government 
policies. Petrochemical capacity expansion project, refinery process 
pump applications and strengthened presence in large scale domestic 
and international petrochemical investments. And you can see the 
product range which is already available. 
 
Some of the emerging segments, Marine business which we discussed, 
commercial ship building applications, battery electric and green 
marine propulsion projects, coast guard vessel applications, growing 
presence in India’s marine and ship building sector. So this is the 
emerging sector, we have product already developed and ready and I 
think we have also approved in some of the areas by Naval. 
 
New technologies, one is green hydrogen, railways, renewable energy 
and strategic participation in renewable energy ecosystem. So product 
portfolio, Magnochem is for green hydrogen, for railways we have 
Etaseco, and renewable energy we have Movitec, so these products are 
available. 
 
Data Centre, the buzz word, we are, our pumps goes into cooling 
infrastructure in Data Centre, precision thermal management 
application. And also commercial building services, mission critical 
water circulation system, strengthened participation in hyperscale and 
enterprise Data Centre developments. And the product portfolio like 

[page 6]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
HVAC and fire-fighting, plumbing and liquid cooling, these are the 
applications. 
 
I think I would request Mr. Patil to talk about the Nuclear Business. 
 
Mr. Nitin Patil: 
Yeah, good morning to all of you once again. I will take you through 
the updates from our Energy division. You see we have the – I think, it 
could be repetitive kind of nature but I will just go through. We have a 
dedicated state-of-the-art facility for the energy business in our Shirwal 
Plant where we have a dedicated organization for Nuclear. We are, I 
think, one of the leaders in having the complete infrastructure for 
Nuclear Business, including the required manpower in engineering and 
quality as per the required code. 
 
We were the first pump company to get ISO-19443 certification, which 
was again renewed some time back. This plant is 115,000 square metre 
area. It is 100,000 is written, but I think we have added 15,000 square 
metres which was also recently announced. It is best-in-class and state-
of-the-art facility. I also say that it is one of the best pump facility 
worldwide. Within KSB Group for sure and also worldwide in any 
pump industry I would say it is one of the best pump plant. This plant 
is also certified as platinum rated as per IGBC Green factory building. 
We have very dust free environment which is required for such kind of 
critical pumps. We have our own rooftop solar in this plant of 1-
megawatt and we have dedicated base for critical testing of large 
pumps. 
 
These are some photographs of the shop. So we cater to mainly three 
segments from this plant. One is nuclear power plants, thermal power 
plants and oil and gas petrochemical industry. I think we recently also 
announced we expanded this facility by building one more shed 
approximately 7,000 square metres on this recently bought out land of 
15,000 square metres. This will approximately add to capacity of 20% 
in this plant. 
 
As you are already probably knowing KSB is a leader in providing 
pumps for nuclear power plants worldwide as well as in India especially 
for the PHWR plants. If you see this figure KSB worldwide is present 
in all kinds of reactors. Though in India it is mainly pressurized heavy 
water reactor and pressurized water reactor which is Kudankulam. But 
KSB is present in all required nuclear application. 
 
So these are some of the products which go into critical application of 
primary and secondary. Primary being the main coolant pump which I 

[page 7]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
think we have been discussing for past few years. Then emergency core 
cooling system, residual heat removal, safety injection, reactor clean-
up, volumetric control. And in secondary side, which is similar to a 
thermal plant that is feed water and condensate pumps. 
 
Similarly our product basket is covering the complete energy sector. 
Say the first two one are the CHTD and YNK, which are mainly for 
thermal power plant which is boiler feed pump and the booster pump. 
Then the condensate pump, then in FGD as you are aware we were the 
leaders in FGD pumps though that opportunity is currently not much. 
And then the pumps are for oil and gas API pumps that is CHTR, 
CHTRa, and the last three are for the nuclear pumps. 
 
So if you see this is our nuclear journey in India. KSB started with 
nuclear pumps in 1977 with a tripartite agreement between KSB 
Germany, KSB India and the Department of Atomic Energy, where this 
agreement envisaged localization of these pumps for 220 megawatt as 
well as 500 megawatt at that time. 500 megawatt was later on upgraded 
to 700 megawatt. So we have done progressively. So all pressurized 
heavy water reactors after Narora that is 1978 are equipped with KSB’s 
main coolant pump or primary coolant pump. This was done 
progressively. First few pumps came from Germany and then 
progressively we localized completely. 
 
Another milestone is 2017 looking at the India growth story and the 
growth which was foreseen in energy. We commissioned our plant in 
Shirwal 2017, and then after that the nuclear orders also started coming 
in 2018. In 2021, we also were the first local company to completely 
localize the boiler feed pump for 700 megawatt. The earlier plants, the 
pumps were imported from KSB Germany. And then we also acquired, 
as Mr. Bhave also said, BP&CL technology. During this acquisition, I 
think, we also had the nuclear aftermarket or nuclear installed base in 
our mind, because BP&CL also had a strong presence in Nuclear 
segment. And it also gave us exposure to reciprocating pumps which is 
basically not in KSB Tech, but now in KSB India we also can make 
reciprocating pumps. 
 
As already said 2024 we got this ISO-19443 which is again recertified 
recently. 2025 our first indigenous pump was made and 2026 the testing 
is happening in NPCIL test bed. So this mainly Germany shows KSB is 
at the forefront of localizing any technology required in pump 
especially this slide covers the nuclear pumps. These are our main 
installed base especially for primary coolant pumps 220 megawatt as 
well as 540 and 700 megawatt PHWRs. 

[page 8]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
 
Our first pump started with Narora and up to Rawatbhata 7, 8; and then 
the last two projects are the completely indigenized pumps for Haryana, 
Gorakhpur as well as Kaiga 5 and 6, which are under manufacturing 
currently. 
 
So this is our order on hand if you see. The current order on hand is INR 
1,235 crores which mainly includes pumps for GHAVP 1 and 2, Kaiga 
5, 6, and the safety package which we got for Kudankulam project. 
 
So, yes, I think Nuclear is a buzzword nowadays. Every day you see 
some or the other news coming up in newspapers. So we also see great 
times going ahead I would say. Though we have currently around 8.8 
gigawatt with 24 operational reactors. The plan is by 2031 it will be 23 
gigawatt and then 2047 it will be 100 gigawatt. 
 
So what we see how this is developing is this will always be mainly as 
I think you are all aware that the mainstay of the Nuclear program is 
PHWRs which will be the mainstay where KSB is strong. And the 8 
reactors are under construction, 10 reactors are under pre-project stage. 
This is as per available data. So long-term goal is 100 gigawatt. And 
also government has announced five indigenous SMRs to be built that 
is for Bharat Small Reactors also that is 220 megawatt which are 
originally already built and operating for more than, I think, 40 years 
now. So that also is being planned. 
 
And recent policy initiatives if you see SHANTI Act was passed and 
then recently the rules have been published for comments from the 
public and the stakeholders. And then we also have, I think, NTPC also 
is with joint venture with NPCIL as well as they are independently 
looking to add around 30 gigawatt, which is part of the total 100 
gigawatt targets. 
 
So how we are prepared for this opportunity is we have invested in 
capacity to meet the expectation as recently announced this additional 
shed will give us a comfort that we are already at 80% to 90% capacity 
utilization. So whenever the next orders come, we will be prepared for 
that. We have access to all the latest nuclear designs whenever it comes. 
Currently it is being mainly based on PHWRs as well as the pumps 
which are already delivering for Kudankulam. But any new technology 
which comes up KSB will have an access to that from our principals. 
We have more than 47 years of experience of making pumps in India 
for nuclear power plants and having the stable supply chain for that. 
 

[page 9]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
With the acquisition of BP&CL, we also have the reciprocating pump 
in our ET, and we can offer that for the upcoming plants. And 
Kudankulam safety package pumps which was I think sometime back 
announced are under manufacturing. Some pumps have already been 
dispatched from that order. 
 
So I want to conclude by saying that we are fully prepared and 
committed for this vision of 100 gigawatt by 2047. So that’s it from my 
side. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir, for your presentation. We will now begin the Q&A 
session. Please request to raise your hand to ask questions and please 
introduce yourself. 
 
Saurabh Mehta: 
Hi, sir. This is Saurabh from East Lane Capital. I have a sort of a slightly 
macro question. Just want to understand the pump industry, the size 
would be say about $2.5 billion, $3 billion and growth is probably GDP 
or in the long run less than 1 time GDP. So just want your outlook for 
next 2, 3 years, 4 years, which sectors do you think could break this 1 
time GDP kind of growth, thermal, nuclear or any other areas which we 
think which will and like slightly macro picture but we have not seen 
pumps sector seeing the growth we are seeing with the other cap goods. 
So just some overall macro picture and then I have one question on 
nuclear. 
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain: 
On the macro level, I think if you see the different segments, Energy is 
of course leading that growth level. Energy means both nuclear, 
conventional as well as renewable. If you see the conventional energy, 
those orders or those businesses started since last year and in the coming 
2, 3 years you will see more visibility of those orders. Nuclear is 
separate and renewable also. Solar you must have seen good growth due 
to this KUSUM Yojana and which is a bit paused and should come in 
the last quarter again. 
 
So I see Energy leading the pack on a macro level and apart from that 
the infrastructure, the infrastructure which I mean is the Water, 
Wastewater sector where a lot of projects are being announced and 
being executed. This is another segment in infrastructure which will 
pave the way for growth. Then, in infrastructure, it’s also about airports, 
metros, railways. All these sectors are also giving those or throwing 
opening those opportunities for growth. 
 

[page 10]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
And, of course, it’s apart from these you always also see other areas 
related to the geopolitical situations which spur that growth on 
localization and being self-sufficient whether it is fertilizer policy, 
whether it is biofuel. So all these aspects will continue to have a big role 
and increasing capacity for storage. So these are things which are 
continuously happening and I think in the last previous years you have 
seen pump companies, which were very small, example, growing to big 
companies also in solar for example. 
 
And also other companies also showing a very healthy growth. So I see 
that on a macro level a good opportunity is all around in all segments 
and this will also continue, I think, in the next coming years as well. 
 
Saurabh Mehta: 
So any breakthrough sector, so we understand Energy is an important 
sector, but can thermal, say, 50 gigawatt under construction, can it like 
really lead to in terms of the total value of the power in pumps, can it 
lead to a higher growth, say, versus a 8% it can lead to a 10%, 12% kind 
of growth for the sector? 
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, definitely. We are looking forward for that. Thermal will play a 
very important role, because KSB is a very leading player in this Energy 
segment. And also with our recent success in also getting the first order 
for the boiler circulation pump which was so far imported. So what this 
thing means is it is a process where you need to establish yourself and 
make that prototype and do that first step and once you do that then the 
momentum picks up. In the boiler feed pumps we are already there, we 
have got now Nabinagar and Gadarwara. 
 
And so, there are many other projects under discussion. So, this will 
definitely spur that extra over our normal growth to show quite a good 
visibility of growth in the thermal power sector. 
 
Saurabh Mehta: 
Sir, my last question is on nuclear. So just want to get an update in terms 
of the execution of the existing orders which we have. These projects 
have seen a big delay already, so what do we think now? And also for 
the future ordering next 12 months, which is the project we think which 
can get ordered out and are we going to face three people, like two more 
additional players like Kirloskar Brothers and Flowserve as a 
competition now this time around for the primary coolant pump? That’s 
it. 
 
Mr. Nitin Patil: 
Yeah, to update you on the execution of the Nuclear projects, the 
Kudankulam safety package progress is good. We have started 
deliveries last year, this year also deliveries are continuing. As far as 

[page 11]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
GHAVP is concerned, the pumps were tested somewhere in April and 
– the testing had started in April and May, but some issues were 
encountered in some other equipment in the test bed which was built by 
NPCIL. Somehow that has not yet been solved. What we are given to 
understand that by end of August that should be solved and the testing 
should start in September. 
 
But the comfort which we have is during the limited testing which was 
carried out in April and May, we see the pump performing as per the 
expectations which we had and what were the requirements of the 
contract. So from that perspective, I think we are very comfortable. I 
also want to update you that based on our discussion, we have also 
started some deliveries of equipment which is not required for testing. 
So that has also started. So I see that this momentum gaining now going 
forward. 
 
As far as new tender is concerned, I think I don’t know when it will 
come, but what we are given to understand that it should come in next 
few months. What we understand is this will be for the projects in Mahi 
Banswara, which is under ASHVINI, that is NTPC/NPCIL JV, as well 
as some other projects. So it will be probably for eight reactors. As far 
as competition is concerned, as of today, I think we are the approved 
supplier. What NPCIL will do, I think we can’t say. It is finally left to 
them. 
 
But one thing is that we are at, I would say, leaders in this because we 
have already gone through the learning curve of the localization, what 
it means. So we have been doing this pumps for past several years now, 
but the completely localized pump also we have done and we are quite 
satisfied with that. 
 
With that, I think we are comfortable on that front, I would say. 
 
Shubham Murade: 
Good morning. Shubham Murade from ICICI Securities. So I have a 
couple of questions. First being, can you please help us with the 
subdued performance during the quarter and how much of the exports 
were for the Middle East during the quarter? 
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, the first half has been affected by the geopolitical situation, the 
war, and especially on the exports. So there were exports pumps ready 
which we could not deliver. And step by step, we are trying to solve 
that. We have made some progress. So that would be the answer to the 
subdued performance of the first half. But we expect a much better half 
in the second half, because as of today, we see that the issues related to 

[page 12]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
supply chain, of course, have not been fully solved, but it is much better 
that we have now a bit of consistency in the supply chain after having 
agreed with them on the revised prices. So, we have a reliability of the 
supply chain. We have looking up in the export inquiries also. There is 
a good bit of momentum there. So, I would summarize that, yeah, we 
are looking forward for the second half to cover up what we lost in the 
first half. 
 
Shubham Murade: 
And the second question would be, can you please help us with the 
global presence in Data Centre and what is the competitive intensity in 
that segment? 
 
Mr. Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, today’s discussion centres a lot on this Data Centre and KSB is 
making good strides in this business globally. There are orders which 
are coming to KSB Germany, which is in Europe from major OEMs 
also. And I think the order book situation of KSB is quite satisfactory 
in Europe from these major OEMs. In India also, we have started 
focusing on this business and, especially, on the application of cooling 
liquid, liquid cooling application. We have got orders from international 
OEM based in India. We are also discussing many projects with other 
OEMs. And so we see that business growing for us also here in India, 
specifically for that cooling liquid application. 
 
And apart from that, I think similar to other building service projects, 
we are also making our presence in applications like HVAC, fire-
fighting. So, we would see a good share of business in the coming 
months. And we have geared ourself up with dedicated teams to handle 
such OEMs as well as product upgradation or product adaptation to 
these applications. 
 
Shubham Murade: 
Thank you. 
 
Nityasurya: 
Hi, this is Nityasurya from SBI Mutual Fund. I have some queries on 
the nuclear. So since you said that the testing has already begun at the 
NPCIL side, but there have been few issues at the testing bed and it will 
resume in September. Just want to know that when will the testing be 
completed? And also post that, when will the testing start for the Kaiga 
unit? And when will the revenue recognition happen for KSB? 
 
Mr. Nitin Patil: 
So testing, the first pump is to be tested for 500 hours, which typically 
will take around 2 to 3 months, because it’s not continuous testing. And 
after that, the dispatches will happen. We see one pump every quarter, 
but we can maximize this to up to six pumps per year. And after the 
GHAVP test has happened, the Kaiga testing will happen. 

[page 13]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
 
Nityasurya: 
Okay. And also in the current capacity addition on the Shirwal plant, 
how many pumps are you able to do currently in post capacity 
expansion? I mean, how many pumps is able to do? 
 
Mr. Nitin Patil: 
Separately, Nuclear, we don’t have, but overall our capacity, I think, is 
approximately 1,200 to 1,300 pumps in Shirwal. Now that we see an 
approximate increase by 20%. But these are all pumps put together for 
Energy, Oil & Gas and Nuclear. 
 
Nityasurya: 
Sure, okay. And, sir, anything on the refurbishment orders? I think we 
have heard one of the, I mean, there have been major tenders floating 
for the refurbishment. Tarapur was one. And I think other old plants 
have been sort of tendering for refurbishment. This is just in the news, 
so just want to take your view on that. 
 
Mr. Nitin Patil: 
I think we have delivered some orders for Rajasthan 1 and 2. Tarapur, I 
don’t remember as well, but I think the main refurbishment happened 
in the primary piping thing. Pumps, I don’t remember if any, but in 
Rajasthan 1 and 2, we have replaced some older pumps. 
 
Nityasurya: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the valves margin. We have been 
consistently beyond around mid-teens kind of level, but in the last, in 
the H1 at least, it has dropped to single-digit. So what specifically is the 
reason for this? I mean, historically, 10 years before we had seen similar 
margins in valves, since then it has been double-digit. So any specific 
reason for that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No specific reason. I think partly due to the commodity prices, partly 
due to the product mix, our exports have been down, partly due to the 
sales being down. So it’s a combination of all these factors. And once 
we have out of these situation, which we are already coming out, I think 
we should have a good double-digit margin, which is what we are. So I 
see these as temporary variations. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And any outlook on solar? I mean, what was the solar revenue in, say, 
H1? And what was the growth, say, YoY? And I mean, any guidance 
on KUSUM 2.0 or something? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The first half solar revenue was INR 50 crores to INR 60 crores, I would 
say, much below than our expectations or planning, specifically due to 
the KUSUM scheme, which is 2.0, which is delayed to the last quarter 

[page 14]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
or second half. So let’s see how we are waiting for this scheme to come 
up. So we have got some orders in the recent tenders of Maharashtra. 
So that should help us in the third quarter. And hopefully, when the 
KUSUM 2.0 launches in a big way, then we can get also a share out of 
it. 
 
What was your second question? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I mean, you’ve covered everything mostly. Just a final one, what would 
be the share of solar pumps in our current order book? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It would be presently less than 10%. We have targeted more than 10%, 
between 10% to 12%. Right now, I would say it’s 5% to 7%, 
specifically, because of the delay in the KUSUM 2.0. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, this side, Mohit Surana from Monarch Networth Capital. So just 
one question with respect to the order intakes. So order intakes, I mean, 
this time you have highlighted many new emerging sector orders that 
you’ve got, including Data Centres and also Thermal is coming up big 
way. But still, our order intakes have not improved materially compared 
to what we reported last quarter. So just wanted to understand what are 
the other sectors which may be pulling down the growth in order intakes 
that we are expecting? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, our order intake is dependent on both standard business and project 
business. So standard business is, I would say, growing consistently. It 
takes time because we are somewhere new entrance in some markets. 
For example, fire-fighting. It takes time to build up that reach to the 
customers based on your references. That is one market. I would say 
Marine, Navy, these are another market. Mining is something which we 
are also targeting. Then apart from that, these new technologies we 
spoke about, also Data Centres, Building Services. 
 
But having said that about the standard business, the project market 
specifically like the oil and gas, the petrochemical market slowed down 
and that order intake should happen because now some projects like 
Dangote refineries is materializing, they are taking a bit of time but we 
expect a share out of that business also. So those are projects which 
have hope also. And the supercritical conventional thermal is we got 
something in the last year and, yeah, we can’t target every project. It is 
something which we’ll have to be selective on. 
 

[page 15]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
And in the first half, we were successful in breaking the jinx of the 
boiler circulating pumps. This was a big achievement for us. And these 
were pumps we imported from overseas and, now, our share will 
increase considerably for all the supercritical because again, as usual, 
KSB is the only localized supplier of this product. So it will happen step 
by step and we will grow in this project business also. 
 
The third is of course water waste, water market which is also have a 
standard business and a project business. We have been out of this 
project business market for many years, decades I would say. But, now, 
the products are being developed, vertical turbine pumps, big size split 
case pump, big size submersible pumps. All this product development 
is going on and it takes time for us to develop, put the products in the 
market, get customer acceptance. So I think these are the seeds which 
we are sowing for the future years and it will happen gradually, because 
our accessible market will increase much higher in the years to come 
where we are playing. Same is for mining example. We today are 
developed products for the KSB global organization. So all these things 
will happen. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, sir. So, the first half has been subdued but you expect 
second half to be much better. So for the full year, can we expect the 
growth to be high-single-digits or low-double-digits kind of growth on 
the top-line and bottom-line? If you can give some indication on that, 
that will be helpful. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Our goal is to have a double-digit growth. This is what we are aiming 
for. Of course, there are challenges on the way and nuclear is one. We 
are hoping that NPCIL can fix that issue related to the test bed fast so 
that we can achieve what we have planned. We see a low risk there but 
otherwise, yeah, we are aiming for a double-digit growth. Excuse me. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, if you may allow one more question. On the gas availability part, 
so our products are more fabrication heavy and I think that’s one of the 
reason why the EBIT margins in Valve segment got impacted 
significantly. So is the gas situation availability has improved? Have we 
been able to pass on most of the cost rise in our products to the 
customer? If you can give us some update on that. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I think when you say fabricated means castings, foundry. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Yes, sir. 
 

[page 16]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, you’re right. Our products, whether it is pump or valves, it’s all 
about castings and foundries were the main impacted by this gas thing. 
It took a while. It took a while to stabilize this because foundries don’t 
have the capacity to accept this impact for a long time. And our 
customers don’t agree for those price increase whatever foundries ask. 
So we took a while to kind of come to some agreement with them. We 
had to pass on price increases to them as well. 
 
So from the supply side, now we see almost 85% to 90% stability on 
this front. So we don’t see an issue because we have settled the price 
agreements and we have started coming back to their normal supplies. 
The issue still remains on the margins due to this, which takes time 
because even if we pass on to the customer and we can do that only for 
our day-to-day standard business, it takes a while before these really 
reflect in our books till we make sales. And so, the time period could be 
from 3 months to 6 months. So that will take a time to settle down. But 
the good part is that if we can achieve our top-line, that should help to 
mitigate quite a bit of that risk. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, sir. So, the EBIT margin which declined this quarter, is it 
fair to say that a lot of that was the project’s business because of which 
we were not able to increase the margins that side? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, basically we did not achieve our planned sales, I would say. A 
major thing if you saw overall sales, we hardly grew 2% to 3% over the 
last. So I would attribute that as one of the things and the growth which 
we wanted did not happen. So that was the major reason of having an 
impact on the EBIT. Of course, your gross margin got affected, your 
OpEx also got affected. So all those things are there. But if we had 
achieved the sales as we had planned, maybe the impact would have not 
been there as it is there. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, two questions. One with respect to the Nuclear Business. So one, 
when you say that you have to localize the product for Indian 
conditions, so could you just elaborate what are the localization efforts 
that need to be put in? Has it got something to do with the design or is 
it the metallurgy what you have to work on? And how’s the ecosystem 
that has got created around you in terms of your suppliers to align with 
that? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Localization, I didn’t mean design experts because that technology is 
already available with us especially for the PHWRs. That is already 

[page 17]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
available. But localization meant in the earlier project, some of the parts 
were imported that have been completely produced in India. It includes 
raw material as well as some of the critical machine like we say Hurth 
gear machine and mechanical seals. These were historically imported 
but that now is being completely Made in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So the mechanical seals essentially… 
 
Nitin Patil: 
Mechanical seals, rotor parts and some castings, I would say. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay, okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So just to add to what Nitin has said, the design part or the engineering 
part comes in, for example, the Kudankulam project where the team, 
maybe you can share with the teams. We did, it was totally done by 
KSB India. The pumps were adapted to the requirements of, because 
these pumps were earlier to be planned for coming from Ukraine and 
other countries. So due to the war, then it was designed in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
I really appreciate that. So these pumps which go into the nuclear plants, 
they would sit in your standard pumps or engineered pumps? And, 
therefore, we can get some sense of the margin profile change?  
 
Nitin Patil: 
More or less, the critical pumps are all project pumps. Standard pumps 
are very few in the utilities like fire-fighting, et cetera, in the nuclear 
plant. But they also will be needed to be adapted to some nuclear 
standards of seismic, et cetera, et cetera. So more or less, I would say 
most of the pumps are tailor-made or make to order, I would say. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. And last bit on the nuclear pumps, what is the execution 
cycle like? So let’s say a nuclear power plant typically takes anywhere 
from 6 to 7 years. So once you get an order, or let’s say once the project 
gets approved and starts on ground zero, then what part of the life cycle 
do we get the order and how much time does it take for KSB to execute 
that order? 
 
Nitin Patil: 
So this execution actually is not, say, straightforward. It involves a lot 
of document approvals in middle stages. So, the first documents are 
submitted, the customer approves them, then we place the orders on our 
vendors, and then during the approval also, there are a lot of inspection 
on this thing. So our standard cycle is 24 to 36 months. But typically, 
our deliveries to NPCIL is around 48 months from the date of order. 
And normally, the primary coolant pump is one of the first equipment 
to be ordered along with the steam generator. 

[page 18]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
Page 17 of 30 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. So once the project hits the ground, or the groundbreaking 
happens, so let’s say 3 years after that is when your first supplies would 
happen. Is that fair? 
Nitin Patil: 
4 years. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
After 4 years? 
Nitin Patil: 
Yes. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Now, the second bit of question was on the export part. 
Nitin Patil: 
A small correction here. Our deliveries are dependent, especially in the 
main coolant pump on the test bed, which is at NPCIL, which is not in 
our hands. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No, no, of course, of course. And so on the export bit, how much of it 
is driven by your parents, the exports, and how much is it your own 
efforts that you have to put in to execute or get those export orders? 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s our efforts, 100%. So the parents only makes a guideline that which 
territories and which products you’re allowed to export. And so this is 
a general guideline so that they balance the loading of all factories 
globally. And so, you know your target markets. And then you work 
with those regions, with those countries, and then build up that export. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. So the ground sales team would be of the parent? 
Rajeev Jain: 
The ground sales team would be of that location. The parent doesn’t 
participate in an operative way. They make the general guidelines, 
which product can be sourced from which manufacturing location. 
There is a general guideline. And so, let’s say… 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Sir, for example, if there is a project happening in Africa, let’s 
say in Nigeria, they would say that KSB India would supply is what 
would be the guideline, and then you would respond to that order. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And how’s the transfer pricing then decided? 

[page 19]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So you would build it to the parent entity sitting there, or is it built by 
you? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It depends on the situation. Sometimes we invoice it directly to the 
customer there also. Depending on the size of the product, depending 
on the engineering involved, depending on the type of business we do. 
If it’s a standard business, they would buy the bare shaft pumps and do 
the unitization, value addition, and completing the pump set and 
supplying. But if it’s a project like Dangote Refinery, then we would 
supply everything from here in India. We would invoice, and their 
involvement would be from the sales angle. That they would be fronting 
and having customer contact, and they would support us from there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And lastly, so this export business should be better on margins than 
what we do in India? Is that a good assumption? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, in general, that would be a reasonable assumption. The market 
price levels in export markets are much better than Indian market. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But it would come with a higher working capital cycle. Is that also 
correct? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not necessarily. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Not necessarily. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not necessarily. Because that working capital cycle is typical similar as 
India. And in fact, export deliveries are much less. They don’t offer that 
luxury, so we have to be much more agile and efficient in export 
deliveries. So sometimes the working capital is much lesser, or the cycle 
is lesser than the domestic market. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And finally, it’s a more general top-down question. In the last 6 to 12 
months, forget the war and the uncertainty that has come out of it, 
domestic investment cycle, what are the changes that you are seeing on 
the ground? Do you see more inquiries, more activity? How are you 
seeing that investment environment on the ground from industrial 
pumps requirement, et cetera? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we are seeing a quite good outlook and a good momentum from 
the inquiries. I said about infrastructure, so infrastructure development, 
there is whether you talk of railways, whether you talk of airports, 
whether you talk of metros, those continuous activities continuously 
happening, Water, Wastewater, Energy. So the last 6 to 12 months, we 

[page 20]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
have been busy. We have been busy in these kind of things. You may 
say, yeah, slightly a point here or there, a little bit of a drop compared 
to what was forecasted earlier. But we don’t see as an impact due to all 
the other things. We see a good momentum. 
 
And with KSB’s participation in all market segments, what is KSB’s 
differentiation factor? KSB is a company which participates in all 
market segments. Petrochemical, Oil & Gas, and in Energy, Thermal, 
Nuclear, Solar, Water, Wastewater, Standard Projects, Building 
Services, Domestic, Residential, Commercial, Mining, SupremeServ, 
Valves. So you name any segment, chemical, new technologies. You 
name any segment, we are there. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So the next 18 months, we should be confident of being able to push a 
20% kind of a top-line growth. Is that something which will be… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s not very possible. It’s not impossible. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And given the inflation and the underlying metal prices where you get 
a benefit of realization increase, which you just alluded to, a 20% top-
line growth is something which we should be gunning for at least. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, in terms of volume, I would still put it between 10% to 15%. And 
in terms of value, maybe 15% would be a reasonably good figure. 20% 
is also possible, but that would come with peaks. That would come with 
peaks. It would not be as consistent and reliable. So that’s how I would 
put it. And on an average, if you say 15% to 17% is a good. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. All the best. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just one question. Sir, have you started to see any traction on the 
JJM side, the 2.0 version was announced? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Not so much. When I talk to my team, yeah, we are there. We are getting 
into there because of our product range. There is a bit of positivity, but 
there are still projects where we are still struggling from the past. So if 
you ask me a very holistic question, I would say we are positive or we 
are expecting, but on the ground level, we should see the same thing. I 
would say. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And the other question is on BP&CL. So, we had expected that 
we were at the INR 15 crore, INR 20 crore run rate, and we were 
targeting a much higher number doubling of, more than doubling of 
that. So are we on track for achieving? 

[page 21]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, we are on track. It takes time because this business is very much 
PSU based business, public sectors. And when we say a public sector, 
they have their guidelines. Their guidelines says you should have a 
PTR, proven track record, a reference. So that takes time and we are 
building that up step by step. The second thing is being public sectors, 
they have to go for public tendering and GeM portal where anybody can 
participate. So we are building on that. We are building on that, but the 
business is growing and we are breaking some and getting some 
milestones. 
 
And we have a good product range from BP&CL. For example, I 
mentioned about fertilizer sector. There is a good product range from 
overseas company licenses, which we hope to do that. But yes, we are 
making inroads into customers where we were not there. ONGC, for 
example, Oil India, all these customers and step by step, it will grow. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, if you take a medium-term view, say, 3 to 5 years, or 5-years-plus, 
so what could be the scale of this business? I mean, once it flourishes 
as per your expectations? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, it would be constantly, at least we expect annual once we have 
stabilized, once we are able to participate in all tenders business, when 
I say reciprocating pumps, for example, and all those things. Yeah, a 
business of INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores annually is a figure which 
we could do more maybe, depending on the gradual. 
 
See, what happened was BP&CL, they slowed down in the last couple 
of years. And that also meant that there were other external suppliers 
who developed as a suppliers to these PSUs. But they did not have the 
original drawings. They made it based on whatever they could do out 
of copying the parts and doing those things. So step by step, we now get 
into those issues or solving those issues of reliability, correctness, 
authentic parts. So, it will take time till that differentiation of a KSB 
supplied product and external supply that makes that impact. 
 
So I would say yes, and the new product which we are very proud of is 
the reciprocating pumps. So now we are working on getting an EIL 
approval. EIL approval says you should have the pump running 
supplied first in 12 months. So once you qualify there, then the door 
opens for participating in all those tenders. So that’s why the reason I 
say it’s a bit takes time in this Indian context. 
 

[page 22]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And last one is on the Ken and Betwa River Linking project. Is the pump 
supplier going to be a big component? Any idea on that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Right now I can’t answer that question. But river linking projects, we 
are looking into it. Typically, they would want a high capacity flow 
pump, which is what we are now developing. So, this we are building 
the reference. We are doing an export job where we are making a split 
case pump with 10,000 metre cube per hour. So once we establish there, 
I’m sure when these projects materialize, we will have the product range 
to participate. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Sir, if you can give us a perspective how 
SupremeServ aftermarket has grown and how should we see it over next 
couple of years, and how is the revenue contribution from that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, SupremeServ business is a very, let’s say, talked about preferred 
and focused business internally. You know that we have dedicated one 
location, our Chinchwad unit for that. So what are the developments on 
those side? You see the warehouse for standard products, which we 
have created that it’s been giving a regular monthly revenue and income 
where we have now got a good inroads into supply of spares for the 
standard pumps. We developed capabilities there with, we call it value 
engineering, reverse engineering where we do those things. And we are 
building parts for not only KSB pump, but non-KSB pumps. 
 
Another aspect, recently, we have got orders for the boiler circulation 
pumps from customers to build the complete pump also. So this is a new 
segment of boiler, having got the technology for localization, building 
the first localized pump in our Shirwal plant gives customer confidence 
to also give the repair and refurbishment of that pump to us. So those 
orders have started. 
 
Another import substitution, there are a lot of descaling pumps from 
Japanese pump suppliers. And we have got orders now to build those 
complete pumps in India, descaling pumps because as you see there is 
a lot of investment in steel industry, lot of localization push. So, 
international contractors, whether it is, Danieli or whether it is SMA all 
them are – and also the steel plants are pushing for localized equipment. 
And it comes from new business as well as aftermarket where they are 
preferring us. So, we are getting orders to localize. And as you know, 
KSB has a very strong presence in multistage pumps. And these 
descaling pumps, if they are centrifugal, these are multistage pumps 

[page 23]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
where we are the only supplier. And, again, it’s a proud thing that we 
replace international pumps in this segment. 
 
So I’m just giving some examples of how we are making the progress. 
Our goal there is to grow that business to 25% to 30%. But since KSB 
India’s portfolio has a big agri market, domestic market, where there is 
no aftermarket business per se, so the percentage may be still on the 
lower side compared to the group, which is aiming for 35%. But I can 
say that steadily this business is growing 15% per annum. We want to 
continue to grow in that segment, because it’s a profitable segment. And 
it gives solution and value to the customers, where their issues of getting 
spare parts or replacing parts become much, much easier when they 
change over to local KSB supplier. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sorry. And one more thing which I can add in SupremeServ is the 
mechanical seal business, which is also steadily growing. Mechanical 
seal, we have localized quite a bit of our product range. So in the years 
to come now is the stage of building up the installed base, but that 
segment will also grow in the next 3 to 5 years once we have got a good 
installed base on that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just one clarification, you mentioned 25% to 30% revenue share 
what you target, but because of standard agriculture pumps that may not 
reflect. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That may not be as high as that. It may still be between 50… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But if we exclude that, then probably that is how it works. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, if we exclude then we should be able to reach that figure. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure, sir. And sir, last year exports grew very well, 33%, and revenue 
was INR 467 crores. Who should we look at it? And what is the order 
book in exports and what is the potential we see? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Potential, I think, as KSB is one of the main global manufacturing hub, 
the potential is high. But as, these external situations, become more and 
more, I think, disturbing factors to disturb that export growth. But, let’s 
talk of U.S. market, we went there, then the tariffs came, and then some 
orders got cancelled. Then, we are still strong in Middle East, and then 
the war came. So I cannot predict what external factors would come 
because these dynamics change very fast in the external. 

[page 24]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
 
But if you ask, our readiness and our acceptance is there. U.S. market, 
we are supplying boiler feed pumps for their gas based power plants 
now booming there. Middle East API pumps, we are the leaders in the 
group for our product range. Now another market which is potential is 
desalination market where we can also participate. So, the potential is 
huge. It a lot depends on the external situation, how it grows. But if 
everything is good, ideal, we should grow this thing very considerably. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
What would be the current order book, sir, in exports? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Current order book is behind, I would say today it is, if I remember, it 
is 15% of the orders, 15% of the sales, whatever it is. And we want to 
kind of target 20%. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And, sir, what kind of price hike we would have taken in last 6 months 
or maybe last 3 months after the commodity price increase, supply chain 
issues? Have you been able to pass it on? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We have not been able to pass on the 100%. Let’s say we give have 
been given foundries maybe in the range also of 12% to 15%. Our price 
hike to our standard markets would be still single-digit so far. So, at one 
go, we cannot do that. So we have to do in a phased way so that we 
support our customer that we also do improvements inside, efficiency 
improvements, and then step by step, normalize by doing it in a phased 
way so that our customers don’t get affected in that way. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And last question, sir, on engineered pumps. Probably, has the order 
intake declined? I missed the slide, but have you seen decline in order 
inflow on engineered pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. First half has been slow on the project pumps, I would say. But 
as I said, there are a lot of projects waiting to get finalized. So I just see 
that as a temporary thing. The second half should be much better. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the inventory build-up, we see lot of finished goods like working 
progress which has been so what is it related? Is it to export or that is a 
nuclear pump which is… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It is mainly due to the export orders, which is still waiting for 
clearances. There are some inventory due to the FGD business which 
suddenly closed down. So these have been some has been due to solar, 
which again slowed down. So, these are part and parcel of business and 
should not worry. This will all get solved. It’s a matter of time. 

[page 25]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just wanted your thoughts on this FTA with EU, which will if it gets 
signed this year and gets implemented by next year, what are your 
thoughts on our export competitiveness? Can it reduce our input cost of 
some critical components? Or also can it be competition which can 
come into some segments like Nuclear or high Energy segments? I just 
wanted to hear your thoughts on that. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Talking of exports, I think it would not make much difference to 
us, because today we export to majority of the countries. The import 
duties are hardly there. In Europe, it is not there at all. So exports, the 
situation would not, in my opinion, not change or make a difference on 
their import barriers. However, for import for us, the products which we 
today are not manufacturing, it would give us an opportunity to push 
those products in the local market. Products which may be automation, 
a lot of automation which case with Germany does for European market 
and which we have not yet, let’s say, started manufacturing in India. 
Those kind of products whether these are circulator pumps, high 
efficiency motors, IE5. So all those kind… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, import duty right now on that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Import duty could be – it’s not about import duty alone. There are so 
many surcharges, so many cost. So the normal cost, it comes to 15% to 
20%. This is something apart from the logistic cost and things like that. 
So, there, I think we have an opportunity to push some products from 
our parent company in the Indian market. This would help us to do that. 
You talked about Nuclear, I don’t think Nuclear would be more made 
in India, make in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Competition which can come into the country because of that. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. But they will have to manufacture in India. Because Nuclear is 
some very having learned from of the past. I don’t think they encourage 
more and more localization so that the dependence is not there, because 
nuclear is something which is a very government related policies and 
things like that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Just pardon me for my knowledge. Actually, in this marine, which 
government is talking of huge on the ship building part, like what is the 
size of the opportunity maybe in, just can you give also any other 
segments like Data Centre? We don’t know how much of value of a 

[page 26]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
pump is required maybe in just some ballpark numbers for a Data 
Centre or a Marine or these emerging segments. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And I say it always in anything that the pump portion in all these 
whatever you call it projects is a 3% to 5% is something of the total 
value of the project value. This is the normal ballpark or rough figure. 
But giving exact statistics is very difficult because you sometimes there 
are many projects announced, but what are being executed are 
sometimes less. But the potential is huge. It means… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Marine, they seem to be talking a lot and lot of this, I think most of the 
order book of all the ship companies are ship building are almost 
running 5, 7 years of order book. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very true. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
What is our opportunity size? I just maybe I don’t know whether you’re 
getting orders from them or not. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s very difficult to sometimes forecast or predict these kind of. Why? 
Because it’s not a range that we have ready and we start selling it from 
tomorrow. It’s a range which gets developed. You have to get it 
approved from those naval bodies. You get selected, you have to make 
your supply chain and things gradually it will increase. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
They want it for the commercial ship building also. They’re talking of 
India reaching 10% of the entire ship building by 2047 and all that. It’s 
a very aspirational numbers. But even if we achieve some part, we are 
not even 1% right now. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. If you ask me in our company, if we would 
reach a figure of INR 100 crore by next year, we would be happy. If I 
would say that to answer your question. 3% to 5% of my sales turnover 
in that business, we would be happy. Because we cannot go after every 
segment. You know KSB is present in every segment. So competitor 
who is focused in that business may do 20%, 30% of their business in 
that marine sector. But KSB would do selectively in that segment where 
they feel they would be competitive and could have a reasonable 
amount of share. And so, we would go for specific pumps which are 
critical and which are required and not in general purpose pumps, things 
like that. So our present share would be limited to those kind of 
products. 
 

[page 27]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
On the margin front, what should be your highest margin on a product 
and the lowest? What is the range? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Highest margin, there is no limit. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
You are always in this 13%, 14% margin. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I never keep a cap on the highest margin. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, Spare parts too.. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s very hypothetical, I would say. Margin depends on what the market 
can offer and opportunity can offer and the customer can accept. Of 
course, if you talk spare parts are the higher margins business. Gross 
margins are much higher, 2 times, 3 times of our normal business, 
whatever we do for the new pumps. And minimum margin also is a very 
a bit sometimes, thing because you make sometimes take orders which 
are of strategic importance, where you want to create a reference, where 
you want to start a business. 
 
If you are a new entrant in the particular business, you would definitely 
compromise on those margins, because you have a long-term strategy. 
And plus depends on plant loading, depends on your inventory. 
Everything, those are multiple factors. So sorry, I’m not able to give 
you an exact answer, but it depends on case to case situations. But 
general answer to your question would be aftermarket business has 
much higher margins. And our strategic business has the lower margins. 
And in between is our day to day and regular business. And this is how 
we say we want to have a EBITDA of 13-14%. This is our… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Current CapEx, what we have done is enough for how long? And what 
has our  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Our CapEx is a combination of sustenance and growth. So sustenance 
means old machine replacement and upgrading those machines. And 
the second is the growth, which we are seeing. So sustenance anyway 
we have to do continuously. And the growth, as you see in all these 
segments whether it is product development, whether it is nuclear, so 
this will continue to be there for the coming years, because if we have 
ambitious growth targets, it has to be backed up by investment in those 
areas as well. So whatever you see investment of INR 80 crores, INR 
100 crores, INR 120 crores annually, we intend to do that. 
 

[page 28]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
And today, as I was mentioning to somebody, investment is not only in 
capacity or growth. It is today also in offices, for employees, for all the 
young employees who are there to create nice offices, nice atmosphere, 
and to create that good working place, safe, hygienic, and upscaling 
them is also a part of employee engagement. Because today, employee 
engagement becomes a very big part of our strategic measures. And so, 
investing in sitting capacity, investing in upgrading canteens or 
workplaces is also very important for us. And apart from that, service 
stations to invest there as well. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, hi. Here. Last year your receivable days kind of inched up a bit 
slightly different from the long-term trajectory. Have we seen any 
improvement? Has there been any difference in terms of trade or 
anything that you want to highlight? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah. Like we discussed last time, this is meant to do to the solar 
business, what we elaborated last time. But we definitely see a good 
moment, I mean, this H2 actually. Because this depends on the fund’s 
availability and documentation. Typically this goes to state 
governments and we are supplying to most of the state governments 
now in solar. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So it has not dramatically improved, but you’re expecting things to 
improve? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah. Dramatically it will not because this based on the average number 
of days as well as average sales, what we calculate. So, it will not 
happen dramatically, but definitely it’s a good moment what we see in 
the H2 now this year. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And if I can summarize one of the reasons why your revenues are 
slightly on the weaker footing on the first half. Broadly, it’s valves 
exports which is happening probably through The Middle East and 
probably the Solar segment which is kind of taken up back seat. These 
are the two main factors why your revenues are slightly on the back foot 
and if the crisis improves and exports kind of pick up then as you said 
things can gradually improve from here. Is this understanding correct? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, I think you’re missing on the supply chain side. We had issues on 
the supply chain as well. So we could not get all the castings and the 
material what we needed to deliver for our thing. So that was also 
equally impactful. 

[page 29]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And that you’re saying almost 80%, 85% has been resolved. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct. That is much better now and the supplies have started 
streamlined. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Just wanted to ask, have the exports come back on track in the last 2 
months? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, not yet. Activity has started. There are inquiries and projects, but 
the results have yet to come. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So the inventory that you were holding at the end of June is still there. 
Is that still continuing to? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Now, it’s not to that extent. Some projects we are diluting and we are 
finding the ways to deliver it, not 100%. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And on the price increase front, while you mentioned that on the 
standard products you have been able to take some price and obviously 
on the project items it will be fixed price completely. So there’s no force 
majeure that has been applied there. So has that situation improved now 
walking into the second half? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, it is price, the gross margin will be under the pressure to the extent 
of the project business which are under fixed price. So that pressure will 
be there. But that we want to mitigate by having a better sales, higher 
sales also, and optimizing our internal cost. We are running our internal 
cost reduction programs to on our fixed cost. So we have some 
mitigation measures. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But those are kind of slightly medium-term… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. It’s also short-term. If we had planned events, dealer events, if we 
had planned many other promotions, all those things. So it’s a short-
term as well to safeguard our cost and the margins what we have. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So talking about cost, you also mentioned the first initially in the 
beginning that HANA allocations will happen from next year. So is that, 
first, I wanted to ask you whether HANA implementation will put any 
kind of, is that a risk to the operations in anywhere in terms of business 
continuity? 

[page 30]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So to clarify S/4HANA is mandatory as we upgrade from our present 
SAP thing. S/4HANA will bring lot of internal efficiency improvements 
in our process. Today, what happens is in SAP we have lot of 
workarounds. Because, the template we took during that time did not 
give us that flexibility or customization. So, all those issues we are 
trying to address, it will take time. Today, it is from we call it lift and 
shift from SAP to S/4HANA. The second step would be innovation 
where we improvise the process. So, we would gain a lot from internal 
efficiency, speed and optimizing those things. 
 
And, yes, there will be an impact next year on S/4HANA, which will 
be in the OpEx. It will be coming next year. So this is definitely we 
would like to share this with all of you that whatever cost comes 
normally from changing over to SAP to S/4HANA, the same would be 
also applicable to KSB India as a part of sharing these costs from the 
group perspective. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Can you kind of mention cost 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I’m not able to say how much that amount would be today, because this 
is something which will be discussed in the board and agreed based on 
a normal process what it is. But it would be like any other company and 
plus any other global company where you have global processes and it 
would be that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Will there be any change in the royalty terms with the parent going 
forward because of new technologies, new products coming in? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You may be aware that KSB India signed the Advance Price 
Agreement, APA. So it was signed in this year. This means that all the 
guidelines are in place. And these APA regulations are valid for 5 years. 
So unless we want to get it, we apply for a change, which we will do 
for the S/4HANA cost, because at present APA regulation did not have 
that. But apart from that, nothing will change as of today as we see it. 
 
The royalty or the license agreement is a part of our business. The 
proportion may go up depending on the new products which we build 
and make. But that is justified with the growth and the revenue we get 
out of those products. But as a percentage, you can’t – yeah, it means 
these are now clearly laid down in this APA regulations. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So it’s build it to the pricing per se and obviously no surprises on that 
part. 

[page 31]
KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investors Meet 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No surprises on that part. 
 
Moderator: 
Last question of the day. That brings us to the end of the session. Before 
it goes would like to thank the management for addressing the queries 
and thanks to all attendees for turning up. So would you like to say 
something..  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I  thank you all for your very deep insightful questions. I think, every 
time I say that because it’s also good to hear your perspective and your 
analysis, and hope we have been able to share this very transparently 
and very openly as we usually try to do that. And, can assure you that 
company has a good outlook, and with our presence in so many 
segments, whether it is Nuclear, whether it is Solar, whether it is Data 
Centre, all of their KSB is making its presence. So, we are looking for 
a good outlook, not short-term, but long-term. Medium-term and long-
term also. Thank you very much. 

