Ref: CE/NSEBSE/20022026                                                        20th February, 2026

To,

 Listing Department,                                Department of Corporate Services – Listing,
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited,          BSE Limited,
 Exchange Plaza,                                    P. J. Towers,
 Bandra Kurla Complex,                              Dalal Street,
 Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                    Mumbai – 400 001

Re: Scrip Symbol: CENTUM/ Scrip Code: 517544

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors

In continuation to our letter dated 16th February, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the
conference call that was organized with the Analysts / Investors on Monday, 16th February,
2026 at 11:00 A.M. IST has been uploaded on website of the Company at
https://www.centumelectronics.com/financial-results/

Yours faithfully,

For Centum Electronics Limited
                    Digitally signed by INDU

INDU H S            HS
                    Date: 2026.02.20
                    18:35:45 +05'30'

Indu H S
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ICSI Membership No. F12285
Encl: as above




Centum Electronics Limited
# 44, KHB Industrial Area, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore - 560 064, Karnataka, India
Tel +91-(0)80-4143-6000 Fax +91-(0)80-4143-6005 Website www.centumelectronics.com
E-mail info@centumelectronics.com CIN - L85110KA1993PLC013869
             “Centum Electronics Limited
  Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                  February 16, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL MALLAVARAPU – JOINT MANAGING
            DIRECTOR – CENTUM ELECTRONICS LIMITED
            MR. SUNDARARAJAN PARTHASARATHY – CHIEF
            FINANCIAL OFFICER – CENTUM ELECTRONICS
            LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MS. KRISHNA DOSHI – ASHIKA INSTITUTIONAL
             EQUITIES

                        Page 1 of 18
                                                                                        Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                February 16, 2026

Moderator:            Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Centum Electronics Limited Q3 and
                      9-Month FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Ashika Institutional Equities. As a
                      reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity
                      for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this
                      conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.
                      Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                      Before we proceed, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the
                      company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date
                      of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and
                      uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Doshi
                      from Ashika Institutional Equities. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Doshi.


Krishna Doshi:        Thank you. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of Ashika
                      Institutional Equities, I welcome you all to Centum Electronics Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings
                      Conference Call. Today, we have with us the management represented by Mr. Nikhil
                      Mallavarapu, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Sundararajan Parthasarathy, Chief Financial
                      Officer.


                      We thank Centum Electronics for giving us the opportunity to host the call. And we would now
                      like to hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks, post which we will
                      open the floor for Q&A. Thanks, and over to you, Nikhil, sir.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Thank you, Ms. Doshi, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our earnings concall to discuss
                      the performance of the third quarter and 9 months of the financial year 2026. I'll start with a
                      special thanks to our host today at Ashika Stock Broking.


                      Let me start this call by summarizing the essence of the call. This quarter clearly represents an
                      important inflection point for Centum with a few critical announcements and as a result, allow
                      us a little bit extra time to share our opening remarks, after which we will open the floor for the
                      Q&A.


                      So we've delivered a healthy operating growth in our continuing business during the quarter and
                      have taken decisive steps to realign our global portfolio and strengthen the long-term foundation
                      of the company. I will first brief you on the key performance highlights for the quarter and the
                      period under review and provide an overview of the decisions taken with regard to our overseas
                      subsidiary, after which our CFO, Mr. Sundararajan Parthasarathy, will take you through the
                      financial highlights.


                      So starting with the core business, our standalone operations continued to demonstrate strong
                      momentum during the quarter, driven by robust execution in our high-margin Build-to-Spec
                      segment. Growth was led by strong execution in our domestic defense and space programs,
                      particularly across radar systems, space-based electronic warfare and tank electronics programs.


                      We continue to see a healthy demand visibility in these segments, supported by our differentiated
                      capabilities and long-standing customer relationships. A key milestone during the quarter was
                      forging, a strategic partnership with GRSE for the Air Navigation Program. This marks our entry

                                               Page 2 of 18
                                                                  Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                          February 16, 2026

into mission-critical air navigation systems and aligns strongly with our strategy of moving up
the value chain towards integrated systems and platform-level solutions. I'm happy to share that
we have already received the first order under this program, and we expect more orders in the
coming quarters as we build traction.


Further, we were declared L1 bidder for the development and production of a complete radar
system for a major airborne platform of a defense PSU. This is a significant validation of our
capability in complex radar systems and strengthens our position in high-value defense
programs.


On the capacity expansion front, we also completed the groundbreaking at KIADB Aerospace
Park in Bengaluru, where we will be setting up a dedicated facility for systems integration and
capability enhancements in critical technology areas. On the EMS front, we also saw strong
execution with the ramp-up of deliveries to a new semiconductor equipment customer. We also
secured new orders from this customer during the quarter. And with the favorable policy
announcement under the India Semiconductor Mission 2.0, we believe we are well positioned
to benefit from the growth in the semiconductor capex cycle globally.


We also secured new business awards in the Energy and Industrial segment from an existing
customer, a leading global OEM for new grid automation and power distribution product lines.
These initiatives further diversify our revenue base and strengthen our industrial electronics
portfolio. Our order book has also strengthened further during the period, providing healthy
revenue visibility into the coming quarters. And based on the current pipeline and customer
traction, we expect good momentum of order intake in Q4 as well.


Now let me address the overseas subsidiaries candidly. Over the past several quarters, we have
been transparent about the challenges in our Canada and France operations and our intent to
address them in a time-bound manner. In line with this commitment, we have now discontinued
operations in our Canada-based subsidiaries and initiated closure-related actions in accordance
with applicable regulations. This effectively stops further operational losses from these entities.


In the European subsidiary, over the past few years, we have also made sustained and serious
efforts to bring a turnaround. These included leadership changes, strategic repositioning,
operational restructuring, cost optimization initiatives and capital infusion from the parent
company.


We committed management bandwidth and financial resources to restore stability and growth.
However, despite these efforts, the prolonged weak macro environment in Europe, subdued
demand in the ER&D services market, increased competitive intensity impacting margins and
balance sheet constraints at the subsidiary level have not enabled a sustainable turnaround.


After careful evaluation, we determined that reallocating capital and leadership attention towards
our core growth segments would generate stronger long-term returns for shareholders.
Accordingly, the Board has approved initiating actions with respect to our French subsidiaries
to assess options, including divestment, sale or transfer of business or judicial reorganization as
permitted under the relevant laws.


                         Page 3 of 18
                                                                                   Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                           February 16, 2026

                   To summarize, we have discontinued operations in Canada and initiated restructuring actions in
                   France. In line with these decisions, certain onetime exceptional items have been recognized in
                   the quarter to appropriately reflect their financial impact. Based on our present assessment, we
                   do not expect any further material financial impact beyond what has already been recognized.


                   Overall, with the overseas restructuring actions now substantially addressed, our strategic focus
                   remains on strengthening the company's capital allocation discipline, allowing us to fully
                   concentrate on profitably scaling our rapidly growing core ESDM platform.


                   With that, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Sundararajan, to brief you on the
                   financials.


Sundararajan P.:   Thank you, Mr. Nikhil, and good morning, everyone. Let me now brief you on the financial
                   highlights for the third quarter and 9 months of the financial year ending 2026 March. At a
                   standalone level, revenue from operations for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR238 crores, reflecting a
                   very strong growth at 27% year-on-year. And the EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR26 crores,
                   higher by 27% year-on-year. And the profit before exceptional items and tax for the quarter
                   stood at INR19 crores, registering a growth of 77% year-on-year.


                   For the 9-month period, the standalone revenue stood at INR630 crores, registering a growth of
                   25% year-on-year and the EBITDA registered a growth of 50% to INR76 crores, translating to
                   a margin of 12.1%, representing about 200 basis points over the corresponding period last year.
                   Profit before exceptional items and tax for the 9-month period stood at INR58 crores, reflecting
                   a growth of 128% year-on-year. This clearly reflects improved scale, better program mix and
                   operating leverage in the India's ESDM business.


                   Now coming to the consolidated performance. Revenue from operations for Q3 FY '26 stood at
                   INR331 crores, registering a growth of 21% year-on-year and the EBITDA for the quarter stood
                   at INR31 crores with a margin of 9.5%. And the profit before exceptional items and tax expense
                   from continuing operations was at INR18 crores, which is up by 53% year-on-year.


                   For the 9-month period, the consolidated revenue stood at INR873 crores, up 15% year-on-year.
                   The EBITDA for the 9 months stood at INR78 crores, translating to a margin of 8.9%. Profit
                   before exceptional items and tax expense from continuing operations was at INR45 crores,
                   which is up by 155% year-on-year.


                   To reiterate, we delivered strong results this quarter and are well on the path to delivering a
                   stronger quarter to end the year, largely backed by the standalone performance. The financial
                   results for the quarter and 9 months period reflect the impact of exceptional items and onetime
                   impacts to give effect to the developments relating to the overseas subsidiaries as discussed by
                   Mr. Nikhil earlier.


                   Now let me explain the accounting treatment relating to these overseas subsidiaries. Following
                   the Board approval during December 2025, we have discontinued the Canadian operations that
                   has been specifically classified as discontinued operations in the Q3 financial statements.
                   Accordingly, all the prior period numbers have been restated to reflect the operating results of



                                           Page 4 of 18
                                                                                     Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                             February 16, 2026

                   the continuing operations. The net operating results include loss relating to Canada that has been
                   reflected separately under discontinued operations in the consolidated financials.


                   For the 9-month period, the loss before tax from discontinued operations amounted to INR39
                   crores. And for the quarter 3 FY '26, it was at INR29.8 crores, including onetime impact of
                   INR24.9 crores. These numbers relate to Canadian subsidiaries again.


                   Now coming to the exceptional items included in the consolidated financials. The exceptional
                   items for Q3 in consolidated financial statements were at INR57 crores and for the 9 months
                   period, it was INR55.6 crores. These relate primarily to impairment of goodwill and intangible
                   assets arising from restructuring options of the French subsidiary. At the standalone level, the
                   impact is more pronounced due to impairment of investments.


                   During the quarter 3, the company has fully impaired its investment in subsidiaries amounting
                   to INR153.8 crores in standalone books. In addition, exceptional items at standalone books also
                   include provision for receivables relating to supplies made to the Canadian subsidiary. All these
                   actions ensure that the standalone balance sheet now reflects a conservative and realistic
                   valuation of the overseas exposures.


                   To summarize clearly, number one, Canadian operations have been classified as discontinued.
                   The numbers have been recast accordingly. Standalone exceptional items largely relate to the
                   impairment of investments in subsidiaries and provisions against receivables connected to
                   Canada. Lastly, the consolidated exceptional items that is in the consolidated financial
                   statements primarily reflect goodwill and assets impairments relating to the French subsidiary.
                   However, it's important to emphasize that these exceptional items are largely onetime in nature,
                   predominantly noncash accounting adjustments.


                   With these provisions now substantially recognized, we believe the balance sheet appropriately
                   reflects the current structure and the future performance will more clearly represent the strength
                   of our continuing India ESDM operations. I can now confidently say that the underlying business
                   momentum remains positive, margins were improving and the capital structure is now cleaner
                   and more aligned with our strategic focus.


                   With this, we can open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you.


Moderator:         Thank you very much. We have the first question from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam
                   Ventures. Please go ahead.


Ankit Babel:       Congrats for good standalone numbers. Sir, my first question is that why there has been an
                   adjustment of last year Q3 numbers on a standalone basis? Because whatever restructuring
                   which has happened is all in subsidiaries. So while the standalone numbers have been adjusted
                   -- restated?


Sundararajan P.:   Sorry, Ankit, I didn't get your question. Standalone numbers have not been restated relating to
                   these 2 subsidiaries for prior years. It's only the consolidated financial statementss, if you read
                   the notes also.



                                            Page 5 of 18
                                                                                         Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                 February 16, 2026

Ankit Babel:          Because if I see your standalone numbers for last year, so you're -- as of now, your profit is
                      coming at around -- at PBT level, it's INR107 million, right? But when you had declared the
                      results of last year, it was coming somewhere -- one second. Yes, it was coming at INR91
                      million. So there is a difference? And in the notes also, you have mentioned about this note
                      number 8, where you have presented the restated numbers...


Sundararajan P.:      So, the standalone -- sorry to interrupt, Ankit. There was an amalgamation last quarter, we
                      announced about the T&S India Private Limited, there was one entity. That's the only
                      restatement in the standalone financials. So again, I can provide the reconciliation offline, if you
                      want.


Ankit Babel:          Okay. Okay. Okay. Sir, second question is, what is the value of the radar order, which you have
                      -- where you are L1 from a defense PSU?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Ankit, we will disclose that at the time that we receive it. But, yes -- we expect that to hopefully
                      happen in Q4, so.


Ankit Babel:          Okay. Okay. And my last question is now on -- as you had mentioned in the press release that
                      you guys are looking for even divestment of the French subsidiary. But since you have already
                      taken the write-off of full investment value, so do you expect any realization happening? And if
                      you succeed in selling or divesting your French subsidiary?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. Thanks for the question, Ankit. I think based on our assessment today, we don't expect to
                      realize anything meaningful from this divestment. We've had -- we've taken certain actions
                      already over the last couple of months to assess this. And while we -- while we continue to look
                      for options, I think based on the current external environment in France and Europe, the general
                      M&A activity also has slowed down in anticipation of better future. And as a result, we don't
                      expect to realize much from this process. So -- and that's why to be prudent, also, we have taken
                      full impairment of the carrying value of the asset.


Ankit Babel:          Okay. So any timeline wherein you expect to close it -- the divestment?


Sundararajan P.:      So Ankit, as mentioned, this will -- there is a judicial reorganization process also that may kick
                      in, which typically have about 4 to 6 months of observation period and within that, they'll have
                      to find suitable bidders, and the process will take its own time. So I think by next quarter, that is
                      Q4 financial reporting time frame, we expect some more clarity. And as soon as we get to know
                      any further details, we'll definitely be updating the investors.


Ankit Babel:          Why I was asking this question is there's still the time you don't divest. Also whatever loss or
                      profit comes in those subsidiaries will be borne by Centum, right? Will be part of Centum?


Sundararajan P.:      That's correct. So that's why during the month of -- sorry, during the quarter, next 6, 8 weeks,
                      we will get to know more. Based on the IFRS standards, at the appropriate time, and if we need
                      to stop consolidating, we will stop consolidating also when it requires.


Ankit Babel:          Okay. Okay. So again, one confusion here. So as you mentioned that -- in case if there are losses,
                      because you have not been able to turnaround the company. So in case there are losses, then you


                                               Page 6 of 18
                                                                                          Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                  February 16, 2026

                      had also mentioned that you have already taken the provisions. So if any further losses comes
                      in, would be over and above the provisions which you have already taken? And I'm talking about
                      the operational losses because that business is still continuing, it's still running.


Sundararajan P.:      You're right. So the operating loss, we cannot accrue ahead of time. So until the time we
                      consolidate the financials of the European subsidiaries, the operating loss will be consolidated.
                      At the same time, like I mentioned, once the process kicks in, we'll get more clarity on the date
                      of losing control or any subsequent action. Accordingly, we will stop.


Ankit Babel:          So considering the visibility...


Moderator:            Sorry to interrupt, Ankit, I would request you to please rejoin the queue again for more questions.
                      We'll take the next question from the line of Balasubramaniam from Arihant Capital.


Balasubramanian:      Sir, my first question, I think we have been declared as L1 bidder for complete radar system. So
                      I'm trying to understand what is the approximate order value and execution timeline for this
                      project? And generally, what kind of margin profile for this kind of competency systems levels
                      compared to traditional BTS business?


                      And secondly, we also got a partnership with GRSE for air navigation program. And what's the
                      total potential value for this program over the next 3 to 5 years? Whether we can be able to
                      extend this kind of program to other shipbuilding partners like MDL of GSL? Are any other
                      navigation missile systems for the Indian Navy?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Thank you for the question. So first, with regards to the radar system order, this is a, I would
                      say, development followed by production order. So what we will receive first is the first phase
                      of the production orders. And then subsequently, we'll be receiving the production orders. The
                      total value of this program is to the tune of about INR700 crores. Over, I would say, 5 to 7 -- 5
                      to 6 years sort of time horizon. The first tranche, of course, as I mentioned, for what we will
                      receive in the short-term, we will announce it as and when we receive it, it will be disclosed.


                      And the second one, which is the air navigation system, this, again, we had already disclosed
                      the order that we have received already to the tune of about INR30 crores from GRSE itself.
                      You're absolutely right, we expect to receive orders from all -- some -- several other shipbuilders
                      -- shipyards, including and GSL and HSL and so on in the coming quarters and years. We
                      estimate that, again, the total opportunity is again to the tune of about INR500 crores or so,
                      again, in 3- to 5-year kind of time horizon of order booking.


Balasubramanian:      Sir, if we could elaborate on the margin side for these programs?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, yes. Yes. The margins for these programs, obviously, I would categorize it just generally
                      to say that in this business, we expect to be at 20% to 25% EBITDA margin. And so these are
                      more or less in line with that profile.


Balasubramanian:      Okay, sir. Sir, my second question, on that Space-Based Surveillance program, I think the
                      addressable opportunity size is nearly INR1,000 crores. And how much we can expect next 1 or
                      2 years, sir?


                                                Page 7 of 18
                                                                                          Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                  February 16, 2026

                      And secondly, if you could elaborate more on Indian Semiconductor Mission 2.0? It's one of the
                      major tailwind for the EMS business. And I'm trying to understand what kind of specific
                      opportunities we have. And we are looking specifically for -- especially on supply chain for
                      assembly testing, marking and packaging side or we are focusing on design and prototyping
                      side?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. So great. Thanks. So the first one with regard to the SBS program, it is substantial. We are
                      starting to see some orders coming in. We expect to book some of this in Q4. Some of them have
                      -- we've been declared L1, and again, we expect to start receiving those orders in Q4 or Q1 of
                      the following year.


                      As I said, total opportunity size is there in the range of about INR1,000 crores. And as things
                      progress over the next few quarters, we will be having a clear idea of how much of that we have
                      been able to book, but things are moving in a very positive way, and we expect orders to start
                      coming in, as I mentioned -- or have already started to come in Q4 and subsequent quarters.


                      The next point with regard to India Semiconductor Mission 2.0, this is a new policy
                      announcement that we saw in the budget. The details are still yet to be fully clarified on this
                      front. But we understand that in this instance, there are a lot of -- there is a major impetus and
                      push to involve the broader ecosystem of semiconductors, including the capital equipment used
                      in semiconductor fabs.


                      And in that respect, as I was mentioning earlier, one of our major -- new customers that we've
                      added in the last year and ramped up in Q3, in fact, is a major player. They are one of the top
                      global capital equipment suppliers to semiconductor fabs and they have a strong commitment in
                      terms of their procurement in India. And so we expect revenues from this sector to also increase
                      in a very good way over the next 2 to 3 years.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital.


Jatin Jadhav:         First of all, congratulations. I actually had 2 questions regarding the airborne platform, the
                      complete radar system. So could you just elaborate what exactly -- what exactly is the kind of
                      radar which we are providing or the kind of solution which you are providing for the defense
                      PSU?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Sure. I mean, it's essentially a radar system for helicopter platform, and it is intended for
                      multipurpose function, including search and tracking. There's to -- for surveillance and a few
                      other modes. I can't disclose too much about the details -- technical details of the program. But
                      suffice to say, it's for a major helicopter platform. And as I mentioned, more details will be
                      announced once we receive the order.


Jatin Jadhav:         Got it. Sir, and the partnership which we have done with GRSE, what exactly is this air
                      navigation system, which you provide? If you could throw some light on it.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. Very simply put, this is a navigation system that is -- that enables aircrafts to land on ships
                      -- land or take off from ships. It's like an air traffic controller that you would typically see at an



                                                Page 8 of 18
                                                                                         Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                 February 16, 2026

                      airport. This is a more sophisticated advanced version of that, that is there for -- specifically for
                      military applications. And we are making the system that is on board the ships itself.


                      As of today, there's really only one such system that's deployed on the aircraft carrier that we
                      have, but there is a need that many more war ships that will be -- that are already in service or
                      being -- are under construction will require this system. So this is what we are delivering
                      essentially is for that.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Longequity Partners.


Rupesh Tatiya:        My first question is, can you just talk about T-90 tank stabilization system? I think, there's a big
                      effort to indigenize those systems. And how many systems are we present? What kind of
                      opportunity that will be? That is question number one.


                      Second question is recently, I think we saw one PSLV satellite launch -- PSLV launch fail. So
                      maybe you can give some idea about how it will impact us positively, negatively? And any
                      subsequent orders we can expect in this program? So these are the two questions initially, yes.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, sorry, I didn't understand exactly the first question. It was something about stabilization
                      system? Could you just repeat?


Rupesh Tatiya:        The T-90 tanks, the T-90 tanks, I think it's a Russian design. And I think India is looking to
                      indigenize those tanks, some of the components. So are we present in that program -- we have a
                      division tank electronics?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, yes. We've indigenized several things on tank electronics, which were previously Russian
                      designs or Russian imports. We have been successful in doing several different subsystems
                      onboard to tank, and we continue to work on a couple of others, which are in advanced stages
                      of development and so on, including what you just mentioned.


                      So that -- this is an ongoing program, and there's also some potential new opportunities for an
                      upgradation and so on that's in the pipeline. And yes, so these are four various parts of the tank,
                      including the sighting systems to the fire suppression systems and so on. So that was the first
                      question.


                      And then I think your second question was with regard to the unfortunate event of the failed
                      launch a few weeks ago. This was -- actually the launch was -- the main payload for the launch,
                      in fact, was something that was delivered from Centum. So it was quite an unfortunate event
                      because we were looking forward to establishing a capability that would have been, again, a first
                      time for India. It was a hyperspectral imaging payload with a high level of resolution and
                      accuracy, which we don't have today.


                      That being said, to your question, there is expected to be a repeat mission, but we are yet to
                      receive any concrete details regarding that as of now. But clearly, the need for such programs in
                      payloads is only increasing. To use space-based intelligence is a critical need. And we are fairly
                      confident that the demand for such payloads and electronics will only increase as we go forward.




                                                 Page 9 of 18
                                                                                            Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                    February 16, 2026

Rupesh Tatiya:        So just one follow-up. For both of these programs, can we expect, let's say, INR400 crores,
                      INR500 crores of orders each over the next, let's say, 3 to 5 years?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   I mean I won't -- let me not say specifically for the program, but more broadly, the -- if you're
                      talking about the Tank Electronics upgrades or the Space-based payloads, then yes, we do see a
                      fairly healthy pipeline to the tune of what you mentioned in the coming few years.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Mehul Panjuani from 40Cents.


Mehul Panjuani:       Sir, if you can highlight how do we see the budget in terms of the budget spending on defense
                      and aerospace for our company? That is question number one. I'll ask question number two later.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. I mean, I think at a high level, several positives, I think we can still take away. Clearly, the
                      increase of the defense capex budget has been important and significant, which is -- and with
                      the continued trust and focus on indigenous production or indigenous design and manufacturing,
                      clearly, a very positive sign for companies like us who have been in this space for a long time
                      with very strong capabilities and strong relationships. So the budget, I think, was in line and
                      reflective of the need to modernize our forces. And I think it is a positive direction for Indian
                      companies in the space.


Mehul Panjuani:       Sir, my second question is about the global market with the kind of evolving geopolitical
                      scenario, has the prospects for our company, you would say -- are we in a better position than
                      last year in terms of the geopolitical market scenario in terms of the total addressable market?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, very, very good question. Actually, when you -- with all that's happening in Europe and --
                      or in Israel and so on, we have seen on our EMS side of the business, an increased order book
                      coming from some of these customers. So we clearly are seeing the increased spending on
                      defense hardware coming in over there.


                      And we expect this to continue for the next few years also because there are capacity constraints
                      in some of these geographies. So some of our existing customers itself, we are seeing more
                      opportunities coming from them, which is for exports and nothing to do with India. Positive
                      opportunity. Yes.


Mehul Panjuani:       Right. Sir, one last question. When do we know about the L1 where we have been classified?
                      By when will we know about the decision -- final decision?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   We hope in this quarter, we should have the order basically.


Mehul Panjuani:       And sir, can we reveal the PSU, which is where we have bid for?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   No, we will release all of that at the time of receiving the order.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Soumil Jain from Lucky Investments.


Soumil Jain:          Congrats on a good set of numbers. First, on the BTS side, the sequential execution seems to be
                      slightly on the softer end. Anything that we should read from that? The order book still remains



                                              Page 10 of 18
                                                                                          Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                  February 16, 2026

                      healthy. If you could talk about the execution in this quarter? And secondly, of the BTS order
                      book, how much is the ELINT systems unexecuted bid already remaining in our order book?


Sundararajan P.:      So on the first part, as you know, in our BTS segment, typically, we keep reminding all the
                      investors that it's not supposed to be reviewed as a -- viewed as a quarter-on-quarter business
                      because it's not a linear thing. It all -- the values and the timing depend on the programs that are
                      at various stages, right?


                      So that way, if you look at it, sequentially, yes, there could be up and down, but there has been
                      a trend also as you could see maybe from Q4 of last year to Q3 of this year. But that doesn't
                      reflect the full year's prospects, that's the concern. And year-on-year, you can see clearly, it's
                      grown very well and BTS contribution to the standalone also is on the rise. So that way, you can
                      be assured that it's -- there is nothing concerning on the trend.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. And maybe I'll just add one point here because, in fact, as we mentioned in our opening
                      remarks, it has -- a good part of the growth has been driven by the BTS part itself. So we have
                      seen growth happening on the BTS side. One thing just to keep in mind is that if you're trying
                      to compare the order book with the revenues, it's just something to keep in mind that typically
                      order execution cycle on the BTS side of the business would be typically in the range of about
                      2 to 2.5 years. So whereas on the EMS side of the business, it's a lot more shorter, maybe less
                      than 12 months. So that's just something that's important to highlight while viewing the numbers.


Soumil Jain:          Got it. And the portion of ELINT systems in our unexecuted order book for the BTS side?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. Sorry, we don't have exactly the numbers with us right now, but we are making good
                      progress on that. We expect to have a fair amount of billing also happening in Q4. But these are
                      -- there is always a mix of orders, and we are expecting also a pretty healthy inflow of orders in
                      Q4 as well from various types of even Space-based electronics apart from the other ones that I
                      already mentioned.


Soumil Jain:          Got it. If I can squeeze in a couple of more questions. On the EMS side, can you talk a little bit
                      about the ramp-up on the semiconductor equipment? If you can give any quarterly numbers for
                      this quarter? And going ahead, what kind of sort of further ramp-up you see, if any?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   We won't disclose specific quarterly numbers, but I'll just say that this is a customer that we had
                      been -- we had won just at the beginning of this financial year. It has been a very rapidly moving
                      business. Typically, the timeline from when you get awarded a business to when you do a
                      prototype and qualification to actually starting to see a ramp-up of production is something that
                      takes 2 to 3 years. But in this case, it's been very fast.


                      We've been awarded already -- we were awarded, in fact, already about 65 different part numbers
                      that have all been qualified. And in Q3, there was a major -- the serial production deliveries have
                      begun. We expect, as I mentioned earlier, that on -- in this financial year, we expect to do at least
                      $10 million of business, if not more, which was practically zero in the past year.


                      And going forward, we feel we can get to at least a $30 million revenue range per year with this
                      customer in the next 2 to 3 years. So actually, probably even in a 2-year kind of time frame. So


                                               Page 11 of 18
                                                                                        Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                February 16, 2026

                      very, very bullish about this segment and our engagement with the customer is moving in a
                      positive way.


Moderator:            Sorry to interrupt, Soumil, I'll request you to please rejoin the queue again for more questions.
                      We will take the next question from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital.


Nemish Sundar:        Sir, just 2, 3 questions from my side. So firstly, on the QRSAM order that BEL is expected to
                      receive by Q4 or Q1. So would we be part of that? Like would we be receiving any orders from
                      BEL for the same for radars or any...


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. There are -- it's a major program, clearly. There are certain active opportunities that we are
                      engaging with BEL on. And we do expect to have some order booking coming from this program
                      specifically. I'm not able to share exactly the numbers now, but we have a few different
                      opportunities and products that we are engaging on this program.


Nemish Sundar:        Okay, sir. And for a longer term, like 2 major projects are currently being talked about like the
                      AMCA program where consortiums have been shortlisted and for the 114 Rafales that have now
                      received the AoN approval from the MoD. So for these 2 programs, I know they are longer term,
                      but would we be in any position to say what would be our scope, if any, in these projects?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. So I mean, with regard to the Rafale program itself, first of all, we are already a supplier to
                      this program as -- through Thales, who is our major customer here. We are one of only 2
                      companies, I would say, who are supplying electronics to this platform currently. And what we
                      are supplying is, in fact, something that is -- we are integrated into the global supply chain, and
                      it is being delivered and shipped all over the world.


                      And we hope and expect that as these programs evolve in India that we will work to have a larger
                      work share and partnership with our very strategic customer on this side. On the AMCA, that, I
                      would say, is still quite an early stage. But here again, we are positioning to work on the various
                      core electronic systems on board the aircraft, whether it's the radar, EW or the avionics that go
                      onboard the program. So those are still at an early stage, and we will be closely monitoring that
                      as it evolves.


Nemish Sundar:        So Thales, are we supplying any electronics or any like design or how is the agreement there?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, we supply electronics. So we supply various subsystems, electronic assemblies and so on
                      to Thales globally.


Nemish Sundar:        Okay, sir. And just one last thing on LCA Tejas Mk-1A, so are we involved there? Like are we
                      supplying any components to them, components or subsystem?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Sorry, can you repeat that?


Nemish Sundar:        For LCA Tejas Mk-1A to HAL, are we also involved there, like the 180 numbers order that HAL
                      is currently executing?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   On LCA, our presence is fairly small. So, we don't have a big presence on board the LCA.



                                                Page 12 of 18
                                                                                        Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                February 16, 2026

Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital.


Ankur Gulati:         Yes. Sir, can you give some color on standalone margins? When can we expect them to steer
                      back to mid-teens?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. So I think this is where we mentioned the mix of business, whereas our Build-to-Spec
                      business is in the range of 20% or more. The EMS side of the business is closer to 10%. We do
                      have some operating leverage that will open up. So you've seen already, as we mentioned, in the
                      9-month period, EBITDA margins have improved by about 200 basis points at the standalone
                      level.


                      Typically, Q4 for us is a bigger quarter also. So we will maintain or improve our margins in Q4.
                      And going forward into the next year, again, as we continue to have revenue growth, we will see
                      the operating leverage come in, and we expect a steady improvement of margins also in the
                      coming years.


Ankur Gulati:         The last question, is there a seasonality in EMS and Build-to-Spec quarter-on-quarter-wise? Or
                      is it pretty much well spread out across the quarters?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. We do have -- clearly, most -- definitely, especially in our BTS business, there is a lot of
                      lumpiness. These are -- again, the revenues are tied to major program deliveries and so on. So
                      we do have a fair amount of lumpiness in our -- especially in our BTS business. On the EMS
                      side of the business, it's a little bit more stable.


                      But here, again, there are certain programs and customers where you will see a spike of deliveries
                      in a specific quarter. But more or less, as a trend, I would look at this as a lot more stable as
                      compared to our BTS business, which tends to be a lot more lumpy in nature.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Shahi Vijay from Capstocks & Securities.


Shahi Vijay:          My question is regarding the subsidiary, just a follow-up. Sir, for the Canada subsidiary that we
                      wrote off around INR50 crores, which was for the -- sorry, am I audible?


Sundararajan P.:      Yes, yes, go ahead.


Shahi Vijay:          Yes. So for the Canada subsidiary, INR50 crores that we wrote off for the receivables. Can we
                      expect a similar write-off for the French subsidiary as well? Because I understand that the
                      INR150 crores is investment...


Sundararajan P.:      Yes. So sorry to interrupt. You are asking if there is anything similar expected relating to French
                      like INR50 crores? Okay. So no, as far as the French subsidiaries are concerned in standalone,
                      there is nothing that we expect to come and impact in Q4 or in the future. Whatever the
                      investment impairment that has been taken and there is no accounts receivable that is doubtful
                      or anything because there have been some steady payments also coming in.


Shahi Vijay:          All right. And sir, regarding the INR50 crores Canada subsidiary write-off, can we expect some
                      recoverable amount in the future?



                                                Page 13 of 18
                                                                                        Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                February 16, 2026

Sundararajan P.:      No, that's a good question. So when the accounts are finalized and audited, we took a clear
                      assessment of what is outstanding and how much is receivable -- recoverable. So to tell you what
                      we wrote off or provided for is after considering the values that we received in this quarter, about
                      $500,000 or about INR5.5 crores has been received.


                      And towards the end, when the entities get eventually wound up, any subsequent cash collections
                      from customers that we carry may also come back to India after everything gets settled and the
                      court order gets received. So if at all, there has to be very minimal, but not a major recovery that
                      we can expect.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay.


Karan Sanwal:         Sir, just wanted to understand what product are we doing for the semiconductor business
                      currently?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. These are -- our customer is one of the leading suppliers of the capital equipment used in
                      the semiconductor manufacturing process itself. And what we supply to them essentially are
                      Box Builds and PCBAs, these are build-to-print services where it's the customer's design, and
                      we are a contract manufacturer for them. So this sits in our EMS part of the business. And as I
                      mentioned, we supply either Box Builds or PCBAs to them.


Karan Sanwal:         So majorly, it would be a part of the EMS business, right, the entire...


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, it's all part of the EMS business, yes.


Karan Sanwal:         And just to confirm, previously, you mentioned it is a $10 million opportunity for FY '26 and it
                      would be $30 million for the next 2 years, right?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   No, we -- yes, $10 million for FY '26 is correct. And we expect it to get to an annual run rate of
                      about $30 million in 2 years.


Karan Sanwal:         Understood. One last question. Are we expecting any other semiconductor client coming up in
                      a big way apart from what we have already received because there are also talks in the industry
                      that another big semiconductor equipment player is targeting India for the setting up business.
                      So are we in advanced talks or any intimation from the client to explore products with them?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   We are exploring. I can't say anything that I can disclose at a very advanced stage to be disclosed
                      at the current stage, but we are very well aligned in terms of our capabilities and processes for
                      this type of business. So as and when opportunities come up, I'm fairly confident we would be
                      well considered for this.


Moderator:            We have the next follow-up question from the line of Saumil Jain from Lucky Investments.


Saumil Jain:          My questions have been answered.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Ananth Shenoy from AS Capital.




                                              Page 14 of 18
                                                                                         Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                 February 16, 2026

Ananth Shenoy:        Sir, my question is on the semiconductor side. Since many of the companies in the
                      semiconductor who are working on the capital equipment side are like it's a high-margin segment
                      for us. And since we are reporting it in the EMS side, like what kind of margins? Are they similar
                      to the EMS margin of 10%, 12%? Or do we expect higher margin on the semiconductor side?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   No, it's -- the business model is what drives the margins here. So we do expect -- I mean you
                      may have a very minor variation, but a rough mean of about 10% EBITDA is what we feel is a
                      sustainable long-term margin for any EMS business in this type of industries, whether it is
                      defense, aerospace, whether it's semiconductors or industrials and so on. Of course, as you go
                      into consumer and so on, those drop. But we typically -- we have done various global
                      benchmarking and all of that.


                      And the EMS business in these type of sectors are typically around the 10%, 11% EBITDA
                      levels. Sorry, yes. No, I was just mentioning again that it's important to keep in mind, these are
                      all cost-plus models because the customer designs the product and we are manufacturing for
                      them. So we always obviously look at various ways to improve productivity and reduce costs
                      and so on. But in -- with the EMS business, it's typically around 10%, 11% is what is to be
                      expected.


Ananth Shenoy:        Sure. My next question is about the Virupaksha, like we were supposed to get the order. Did we
                      have already win the order? And for the trial quantity for exiter receiver part, have you won the
                      order for?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes, we won the order and the programs are in execution.


Ananth Shenoy:        Okay. Like what is the quantum? Any -- can you throw some light what kind of...


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   These are development orders at this stage. So they're, I would say, still at the smaller stage.
                      Obviously, when these come into production, there will be much larger programs going into
                      hundreds of crores of possibilities. But at this stage, these are development orders. So they are
                      much -- they are smaller orders.


Moderator:            We will take the next follow-up question from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Longequity
                      Partners.


Rupesh Tatiya:        This Virupaksha order, I have a follow-up on that. So will we get major share? Are there like
                      more competitors in this space? Can you give some idea? And there are 250 SU-30 Mark-1s,
                      right, that will come for upgrade 25, 30 per year. So what kind of market share we expect in this
                      product?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. It's a bit early at this stage to be -- to give you a very confident clear answer with regard to
                      market share and so on. There's still various things that will play out as the development
                      progresses. Just I think suffice to say that we are -- there are 2 other major players or competitors
                      in this part of the program. And our -- but we are building a very critical and important part of
                      the entire radar system itself.




                                               Page 15 of 18
                                                                                         Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                 February 16, 2026

Rupesh Tatiya:        Okay. Okay. And sir, then other than, I mean, some of these programs you talked about in SBS,
                      in Tank Electronics, in Virupaksha, any other major programs that we are looking to win market
                      share? Anything above, let's say, INR300 crores kind of size, anything bigger than that? Maybe
                      you can give some idea around that.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   It's a bit early for me to disclose those at this stage. There are clearly multiple irons in the fire
                      that we are working on. I would say, broadly in the areas, again, of electronic warfare systems,
                      that's a big focus area for us. And I'm not able to diverge at this stage the programs specifically,
                      but we have a pretty healthy pipeline of opportunities coming up there as well.


Moderator:            We will take the next question from the line of Pranav Bastawala, an Individual Investor.


Pranav Bastawala:     Congratulations, Nikhil. I think so after a very long time, some very decisive decision, tough
                      decision has been taken, and I'm sure that this will go a long way in creating -- clearing a path
                      for this organization. So my questions are basically how you place your -- this company from
                      where you want to take it, say, maybe it may be around INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores
                      turnover, say, individual level, from this level, where we are looking at in next 3 years?


                      And how you want to concentrate on the EMS business itself, which is going to be quite bigger
                      on the coming time when we are seeing the global opportunities, and especially even in the
                      defense when the others are expanding, you look at it that how we can move to Tier 1 level in
                      this particular space, especially Centum is very good as far as Space sector, please.


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Thank you, Pranav. And I must acknowledge, say that you've been a long-term investor and a
                      guide for us over the years. So some of these, I guess, difficult decisions, as you rightly
                      mentioned, are also things that we take as a result of the strong and clear inputs from investors
                      like yourself. So appreciate the vote of confidence on this decision.


                      With regard to our path forward, here, we have obviously very aggressive growth plans. I think
                      starting first on the defense side of the business, we have strong objectives of growing this
                      multifold in the coming years. I won't specify exactly a number in terms of guidance or anything
                      like that. But we will grow this substantially. As you already see, we have -- we expect to close
                      this year's order book already at a very healthy rate based on what we are seeing from Q4 also.


                      And the pipeline of orders and opportunities that we are driving internally is quite aggressive.
                      So we do expect to see a multifold increase of our Defense and Space business. And a big part
                      of this is also driven by our objective to position at system level. And as I mentioned already on
                      the call today, 2 of the first major validations of this strategy have come in the form of this
                      navigation system and the full radar system, which we are expecting the order for in the current
                      quarter. So we are well on our way on that side.


                      Secondly, on the EMS side of the business, again, we, on one side, have been focused on the
                      product segments that we've been addressing in terms of -- apart from, of course, defense,
                      aerospace, but also industrial, medical and mobility. We -- and I would say the vision for this
                      part of the business going forward also is quite positive.




                                              Page 16 of 18
                                                                                        Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                                February 16, 2026

                      We want to ensure we have high-quality customers. This is a business that is very easy to take
                      business at a low margin and scale, but we want to ensure we take high-quality customers and
                      ensure that our execution of these type of programs are done well.


                      A lot of investment and effort is going into our own internal processes and systems in terms of
                      implementing automation, AI kind of solutions in critical core areas. And that also, I think, will
                      be a key point of differentiation as this business evolves. Pipeline is healthy. I think we talked
                      also on a few of these areas throughout the call today.


                      Our Defense and Space -- our Defense and Aerospace global customers itself are seeing
                      increased demand volume. So we will continue to work on that. We have certain strategic
                      opportunities there. We also on some of the newer areas, whether it's industrial or the
                      semiconductor kind of equipment are all also progressing well.


                      And even in terms of new customer additions and so on, we have a very clear plan and strategy
                      that -- of identifying key target accounts and having a sales team and sales force that's driving
                      to capture that business. So these are some of the actions that are ongoing. And as I say, we want
                      to scale up this business in an aggressive way and working the granular details to make sure that
                      it's executed well.


Pranav Bastawala:     My second last question that basically, EMS is a business which will grow at -- which has an
                      ROI of 10% to 12%. And it's a different kind of a business. But when we are looking at Defense
                      and Aerospace sector, many of them command an EBITDA of 35% to 40%. So what we are
                      planning to move to that kind of an EBITDA level? Or are we even planning for Tier 1 supplier
                      in coming 3 to 5 years with some JVs?


Nikhil Mallavarapu:   Yes. We are pursuing the -- it is not one at the expense of the other, I would say, Pranav.
                      Basically, while on the EMS side of the business, one of the things that is important to highlight
                      is that while the EBITDA margins are in the range of 10%, 11%, the ROCE for this business
                      can be north of 20%, 25% because capital requirement is much lower as compared to the Defense
                      and Space Products business. So this will continue to be an important part of our overall
                      portfolio, and we'll continue to develop that part of the business.


                      But clearly, in terms of significant new investments on the Defense and Aerospace Product side
                      to position ourselves as a Tier 1, either through our own internal R&D development, but also
                      through the strategic partnerships with the global players are something that we are clearly
                      pursuing. We have -- the ability to increase the EBITDA margins to the levels that you just
                      mentioned will come largely if they are indigenous designed products.


                      And this is where our focus of developing and strengthening more and more on the internal R&D
                      capabilities is a key part of our strategy. But in parallel, we also pursue the partnerships with
                      global players to capture opportunities that are there more imminently.


                      And I think this example of the GRSE partnership is one wherein we actually have technology
                      coming from a European partner and was something that enabled us to quickly access and
                      capture the market for this. So we follow a multipronged strategy to be able to win business and
                      also grow our margins.

                                               Page 17 of 18
                                                                                Centum Electronics Limited
                                                                                        February 16, 2026

Moderator:       Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last question for today.
                 And with that concludes the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to
                 Ms. Krishna Doshi for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.


Krishna Doshi:   Thank you so much. On behalf of Ashika Institutional Equities, we would like to thank the
                 management of Centum Electronics Limited for the call, and many thanks to the participants for
                 joining the call. Thank you very much, sir. We may now conclude the call.


Moderator:       Thank you, everyone. On behalf of Centum Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference.
                 Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                        Page 18 of 18
