
===== PAGE 1 of 19 =====
HLIN ELECTRONICS LIMITED
Regd. & Corp. Office :  4771, BHARAT RAM ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website   :   www.elinjndia.com                    Tel.   :   91.11143000400      Fax   :   91-11.23289340
August 11, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. Cyl, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
ISIN: INE050401020
BSE Lindted
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbal - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
Dearsir/Ma'an,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on August 07, 2025.
Pursuant  to   Regulation  30   of  the  SEBI   (Listing  Obligations   &  Disclosure   Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for the
QIFY2026 held on Thursday, August 07, 2025®
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at ±±zl±z]4r.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
T-gYOu
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
Lata Rani Pawa
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
M. No.: A30540
cs@elinindia.com
Encl: As Above
EE©EE
Factories:-
C-142-143-144-144/I-144/2 Industrial Area, Site No. I , Bulandshahar Road, Ghaziabad -201009 {:U Po)
L-84, Vema Industrial Area. Electronic City, Vema, Goa - 403722.
village: Beli Khol, Post: Manpun -174101, Teh: Nalagath, District: Solan (Himachal Pradesh)
CIN : L29304DL1982PLC428372                   GSTIN: 09AAACE6449GIZJ

===== PAGE 2 of 19 =====
Page 1 of 18
“Elin Electronics Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings
Conference Call”
August07,2025
MANAGEMENT: MR.KAMALSETHIA–MANAGINGDIRECTOR,ELIN
ELECTRONICSLIMITED
MR.SANJEEVSETHIA–DIRECTOR,ELIN
ELECTRONICSLIMITED
===== PAGE 3 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 2 of 18
MR.PRAVEENTANDON–CHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICER,
ELINELECTRONICSLIMITED
MR.AKASHSETHIA–BUSINESSSTRATEGYANDIR,
ELINELECTRONICSLIMITED
MODERATORS: MR.BHAVANIKUMAWAT–AXISCAPITAL
===== PAGE 4 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 3 of 18
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Elin Electronics Q1 FY '26 Earnings
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunityforyoutoaskquestionsafterthepresentationconcludes.Shouldyouneedassistance
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavani Kumawat from Axis Capital. Thank you and
over to you, sir.
BhavaniKumawat: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you all to Elin
Electronics Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.
Today, we have with us management represented by Mr. Kamal Sethia - Managing Director;
Mr. Sanjeev Sethia – Director; Mr. Praveen Tandon - Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Akash
Sethia - Business Strategy and IR.
We thank Elin Electronics for giving us the opportunity to host the call and would now like to
hand over the floor to management for their opening remarks post which will open the floor for
Q&A. Thanks and over to you, sir.
SanjeevSethia: Thank you very much, Bhavani. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Sanjeev Sethia
and we also have on call today our Managing Director – Mr. Kamal Sethia; our Strategy Head
– Akash Sethia, and our CEO – Mr. Praveen Tandon. Thank you for joining our Earnings Call
for 1st Quarter Fiscal Year, March 2026.
Coming to our overall performance for the quarter:
Operating revenues for the quarter was Rs. 295 crores against Rs. 293 crores in the same period
last year, up 1% on Y-o-Y basis. Quarter-on-quarter was down because of seasonality. Our
revenue growth was impacted because of two key reasons, higher than expected drains that
impacted our cooling product businesses, Fans, Fan motors, and AC motors and components
thereof.DeclineinLightingbusinessfromourkeycustomerSignify,whohascreatedaJVwith
another contract manufacturer, Dixon. This is as per our guidance shared earlier by us. We will
cover the entire Lighting business update and way forward later in the call.
===== PAGE 5 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 4 of 18
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 17.6 crores against Rs. 13.3 crores in the same
period last year. This has been driven by 130 basis points of higher gross margin due to better
sales mix and efficiency in procurement and quality. Also, it is pertinent to note that within
employee costs, there are non-recurring items of Rs. 1 crore and therefore recurring EBITDA is
Rs. 18.6 crores for the quarter, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 6.3% against a reported
margin of 5.9%. Therefore, even with a modest 1% increase in revenue, adjusted EBITDA has
increasedby40%,showingthestrongoperatingleverageinthebusiness.ConsolidatedPATfor
the quarter was Rs. 9.4 crores against Rs. 5.9 crores in the same period last year. Our liquidity
position remained strong with net cash of Rs. 103 crores as at June 2025. Our CAPEX spend in
Q1 FY '26 was tightly controlled at Rs. 6.5 crores. We remain confident to deliver on our stated
guidance.
I would like to take this chance to reiterate our aspiration and strategy for the coming year. The
aspiration is to be a one-stop-shop for all high-volume home Appliances and durable needs of
OEMsandourcustomers.ThisincludesourexistingbusinessLighting,Fans,smallAppliances,
and our planned new businesses, medium Appliances such as air fryers, air coolers, chimneys,
OTGs, etc. We will continue to look for such products to add in our portfolio over the next
several quarters.
Now, I would like to share with you the performance and strategy in each of our business
verticals going forward:
In the Lighting, Fans, and Switch segment, the revenue for the quarter was Rs. 80.1 crores
against Rs. 89.4 crores in the same quarter last year. This was primarily driven by decrease in
revenues from Lighting, which was partially offset by increase in revenue from Fans. LED
Lighting, ex-flashlights, declined from Rs. 63.4 crores last quarter to Rs. 39.5 crores in the
current quarter. This was largely led by volume decline from our key customers like Signify.
They have moved businesses to its recently formed JV. Compared to Q4 FY '25, we have
experienced a revenue decline of Rs. 10 crores for the quarter or Rs. 40 crores annualized. As
shared in the last quarterly call, this is in line with our estimate of reduction in revenue of Rs.
50 crores on an annualized basis for the year.
Now, coming to the positive effects of the change in competitive scenario:
In Lighting business, we have added three new customers in the Lighting space, one of whom
isatop5playerintheIndianmarket.Weexpecttoaddanother2-3customersbytheendofthis
fiscal year. While they have started off small, we expect that these customers will ramp up to
their peak requirement over the course of the next 2-3 quarters. Our outlook is that by the end
of quarter 4 of this fiscal year, as compared to our business with Signify, our monthly run rate
===== PAGE 6 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 5 of 18
will be substantially higher because of the addition of these new customers. So, Lighting
business which has been flat for us for the last 3 years, I think from end of this year and the
coming fiscal year, we should see substantial growth.
Moving to our Fan business:
While our ceiling Fan business has done well on a year-on-year basis, it is impacted by higher-
than-expected rains. Our revenue for the quarter is up 2 times year-on-year. While Q2 is
seasonally weak for Fans, we expect this to pick up strongly again in quarter 3 and continue to
do well in quarter 4 as well. I would like to highlight that our launch of BLDC products in the
last 2 years with our customer Signify has gone quite well and the market reception has been
very encouraging. Signify itself is very bullish for the Fans business in the coming season and
we will be adding another 3 or 4 new products in this segment with Signify. Traditionally, in
the off-season, our Fan business has seen a major decline but due to the good acceptability of
our new designs, the average business is much higher than what we have experienced earlier. I
think our Fan business, especially BLDC Fan business, is going to do fairly well in the coming
year. Similarly, our TPW business is also picking up. We are streamlining our TPW business
fromGoatoGhaziabadinthecomingseason.Weexpectthatthiswillhelpusgenerateincreased
business. As an overall product, we can offer our customers a much better deal from our
Ghaziabad unit.
Moving on to the home Appliance segment:
revenue increased from Rs. 63.6 crores last quarter to Rs. 68.6 crores this quarter. Kitchen and
home care revenue increased by 8% year-on-year. This was on the back of improvement of
revenue from mixer grinders and toasters. We are particularly enthused about growth prospect
of OFR for the upcoming season. Given that we started this only last year, this has scaled up
well in a short span of time.
PersonalCaresegmentwasup9%onayear-on-yearbasis.Weexpectthistofurthergetstronger
in the coming quarter. Future growth is going to be driven by this segment on our strong focus
onalsogrowingODMshareofthebusiness.Whilestillnascent,weexpectthistogrowstrongly
over the next several quarters.
A quick update about the Medium Appliance category:
While these will be built out of Diwali which will start next fiscal, we have already initiated
discussionswithcustomersforthis.Forselectproductssuchaschimneys,weareinareasonably
advancedstageofdiscussionsandarehopefulofgettingbusinessfromoneoftheleadingOEMs
===== PAGE 7 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 6 of 18
of this segment in the country. For other products such as coolers, we will provide an update in
the subsequent quarter. We had shared our optimism in last call about our relatively nascent
export business. We remain in exploratory talk with few OEMs to localize in India and export
to the US and Western world. While still in early stage, the engagement levels have been
encouraging. Further, the government's stance on local manufacturing and disincentivizing
imports via BIS and QCO makes us further optimistic on our business going forward.
Moving on to the FHP Motor segment:
Revenues were flat at Rs. 47-Rs. 48 crores. This segment has also been impacted by the rains.
We expect this segment to pick up strongly in Q2 and Q4. Specifically, we see the Chimney
Motor business having a very healthy growth in this coming quarter. And of course, what I am
talking about motors is just reflecting on third-party sales. Going forward, we are adding cooler
motors to our category which we expect to launch by the coming October-November of this
year. We have also started BLDC motors for chimney, and our first billing will happen in this
month. BLDC chimney motors is also a rapidly growing segment, and this will also further add
to our overall growth in the motor business.
There are two other categories which have a fairly large market in India, but are currently
dominated by imports. With BIS coming in September of next year, we see that there is an
opportunity in these two categories, namely washing machine motors and AC, IDU, ODU
motors.Wearehavingextensivetalkswithsuppliersoflinesofthesemotorsandwewillshortly
be taking a decision to enter these categories also.
Now, I would like to set our guidance:
ForthefullyearFY'26,webelieverevenuewillbeintherangeofRs.1,350crores,representing
a growth of 15% over FY '25. EBITDA for the year is forecast at 6%-6.5% margin. CAPEX for
theyearwillbeRs.100-Rs.120croressplitatRs.60-Rs.65croresforPhase-1ofthenewplant
in Bhiwandi and Rs. 50 crores for growth of the existing business and factories. Once the new
facility is stabilized in 2 years from starting, this would also help us drive our return on capital
employed since cash sitting idle on a balance sheet has been a drag on the capital employed.
A quick update on the Bhiwandi factory:
Construction has commenced in July’ 25, and we expect the plant to be ready and operational
by March or April of 26. We expect revenues of around Rs. 140 crores in FY '27 and Rs. 250
crores in FY '28 from this facility, reiterating that full revenue potential of the plant is Rs. 550-
===== PAGE 8 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 7 of 18
Rs. 600 crores. Further, we expect a steady state EBITDA of 7%-7.5% for this plant. At these
levels, return on capital employed for the plant will be 20%.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks. We can now open the floor for questions and
answers. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities. Please proceed.
BajrangBafna: Yes, this is Bajrang Bafna. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Though topline was
flat, but you kept on the margin improvement what we have seen in last quarter. Just a strategic
question purely from a macro perspective. We have constantly seen the government is
embarking on a journey where they are pursuing an agenda that most of the items that India is
importing from China, almost 70-80 products which currently most of the larger brands are
importing from China and putting their brand and selling in India. So, that thing government
wants to end in India and there are multiple articles and multiple announcements that has come
from the government side where the deadlines are somewhere ranging from March 26 to almost
September 26. So, we just want to understand that what is the ground reality on this? Are the
brands are really moving to companies like us for contract manufacturing and what is the
response that we have seen in last 2-3 months, whether larger brands are coming forward for
contract manufacturing to us and how this particular thing is going to move. If you could
elaborate on that, it would be really helpful for a broader direction for companies like that.
Thank you?
SanjeevSethia: So, definitely, we are seeing this movement happening post implementation of BIS. Certain
categoriesifweseewhereweourselveshavebenefitedislikesteamirons,kettles,OFRheaters.
Two categories which I had mentioned in my call is like one was the washing machine motor
and the AC, IDU, ODU motor which have a fairly large market demand in India, but
unfortunately more than 80%-85% to my knowledge of the demand is currently fulfilled by the
Chinese companies. So, I think we are seeing a lot of movement of companies taking a call of
investing in infrastructure in India to get up for the capacities as and when BIS comes in. So,
definitely, across product categories like I have just mentioned few, but for example flashlight,
torches and other category where BIS has just come in for July of this month. There again we
are seeing localization happening. So, overall, I think there is actual movement happening on
ground. The companies are trying to source more and more from India. That is our thought
process in this matter.
BajrangBafna: And just one more aspect to this. We are also seeing most of the global brands are also have a
tendency for China Plus One where couple of brands wants to move their production on this
===== PAGE 9 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 8 of 18
side to India as well. So, are we seeing some inquiries on that side as well where this could be
a reality? We know that the tariff issue has recently emerged, where India is right now getting
chargedhigherthanChina.Buthopefullygoingforwardthisstructurewillchangeandprobably
we will be, a strategic question, suppose the China becomes, let us say, the 40% is the final rate
andIndiabecomes,letussay,20%isthefinalrateandifthereisa20%ratedifferentialbetween
India and China, can we see some of the products in our basket becomes viable to be exported
to these global brands? Is there a possibility of that sort existing in this sector or not? Just your
sense on that, sir?
SanjeevSethia: Definitely, there is a possibility. So, we have a live example for us. So, part of our Goa factory,
we just started exporting a category of exhaust Fans to the American market. Of course, like
you mentioned, just with the QT coming in, there is a slide of a question mark and how it goes.
But this thing has started happening. And we have also got certain queries of companies willing
toimportfromIndiaaspartofChinaPlusOne.WearehopingthatthisdutyaberrationforIndia
is very temporary and it gets resolved soon. But definitely companies are looking at moving
supply chains from China and we have an example of a category where we have already started
exporting. We have already, I think, sent about 11 containers of this particular product to our
US customers. So, it is happening, but probably not at the speed at which the companies want.
Because there is a reality also that the general manufacturing ecosphere in China is far more
advancedthanwhatitishere.Printavailability,whetheritiselectronicsorotherassembliesand
thereof,inChina,availabilitybecauseofthestrong20plusyearsofmanufacturing,thebiosphere
ismuchmoreconduciveovertherecomparedtoIndia.So,itisdevelopinghere,butitisprobably
a little much slower than what these companies would like. So, my overall take is that, yes, that
shift is happening. Companies are coming over here. But overall, I think across India, we have
to speed up our speed of response so that it happens much faster.
BajrangBafna: Got it. Thank you very much. I will be in the queue for further questions and wish you all the
best to achieve good success going forward, sir. Thank you very much.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Ambika Finance. Please
proceed.
DhruvShah: Thank you, team for the opportunity. I just have one question. Sir, how confident are you on
still maintaining the 15% growth considering there has been unseasonal rain in Q1? And I just
wanted to understand that part of the business.
AkashSethia: Hi,Dhruv.Thankyouforyourquestion.Look,likewehighlighted,wearereasonablyconfident
that we should be in and around the Rs. 1,350 crores mark. Not all of this is going to be back
ended. You will start seeing reasonably strong growth coming from Quarter 2 itself. The
===== PAGE 10 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 9 of 18
structure of the business is such that there is a little bit of seasonality where Q2 and Q4 are
higher revenue quarters, followed by Q1 and then by Q3. So, that is the nature of the business.
So, we are reasonably confident that we should hit our guidance, and you will see proof of that
coming in Q2 itself.
DhruvShah: And Akash, just one more thing. We mentioned that by Q4, we should see a monthly run rate in
Lighting, more than what Signify used to give us the revenue, right?
AkashSethia: Sure. That is correct.
DhruvShah: Great. Thank you so much and all the best.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavani from Axis Capital. Please proceed.
Bhavani: Yes, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, first portion on the inventory side, just
wanted to understand at what kind of inventory we are currently sitting at?
AkashSethia: Currently, as of June, we are operating at approximately 40-42 days of inventory. While this is
higher than what we would like, the fact of the matter is that Q2 is a big kind of quarter for us.
So, keeping in mind the upcoming offtake that we have planned based on discussion with our
customers, we are carrying slightly higher amount of inventory in order to kind of meet the
demand.
Bhavani: Sure. Sir, what is the normal level of inventory which generally we give?
AkashSethia: So,historically,thisusedtobenormal.Itwasintherangeofbetween35and45days.However,
one of the targets that we have kind of set out for ourselves and we have established at the start
oftheyearwastobringdownoverallworkingcapitallevelstoabout45-50dayskindofnumber
on a net basis. So, this will largely be driven by improvement in inventory as well as some
improvement on the payable side. So, it is in that context that I mentioned that inventory is
higher than what we would like. It is not out of the ordinary from a historical perspective, just
that not as reduced as we would like relevant in respect to our guidance.
Bhavani: Got it. And sir, what is the current capacity utilization across all the segments, if you can just
help us?
AkashSethia: There is no, I think easy answer to that because it varies by segment. But if I were to just give
you a very rough number, it would probably be in the range of early 70s kind of number 70%,
72%, 75% on an average.
===== PAGE 11 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 10 of 18
Bhavani: Across the 30 days.
AkashSethia: Yes, obviously, some are better, some are lesser.
Bhavani: Understood. Thank you so much for this.
Bhavani: And last one question is particularly just to understand, how the current demand is shaping up
because we are also hearing about that the festive season should do well. So, are we witnessing
some kind of uptrend over now or there is some early signs from your customer that they have
entry with regards to orders, particularly for the season?
AkashSethia: No. If you are talking about festive demand, which is in the current quarter where we are sitting
in the run up to Diwali, which is a large part of Q2 and one month that falls in Q3, so far, so
good. We are happy to share that inquiries are good, demand is good, orders are good, more
importantly. So, like we said, we should be doing quite well in Q2.
Bhavani: Understood. Sir, I will come back in the queue. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities. Please
proceed.
KunalMehta: Hi, sir. Very good afternoon. My first question would be, sir, in this quarter, we saw a gross
margin improvement of about 1.6% Y-o-Y. But over the last quarter, if you see, the employee
benefit expense has gone up from 12.9%-14.5%. Can you just explain this expenditure analysis
a little better? Why the gross margin has improved, but why the employee benefits have again
gone up?
AkashSethia: So, I will just take it step by step. So, gross margins have come up, like we have said, in two
parts. So, one is on the sales mix where, if you have a certain category of products that have a
relatively higher gross margin, the share of those products goes up, which in our case is the
components business. Then obviously, overall gross margin tends to move up. Second is, like
we mentioned, we put in place an operational excellence team that is working on improving
quality, reducing wastage, rejection, all of that as well as efficiency in procurement. So, these
are the reasons why gross margin has improved on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis. Regarding the
slight decline in employee metrics, there are two reasons. One is obviously; there is an element
of increments that have come in. So, last quarter, last fiscal, from 1st April, there have been
certain increments that have come in, which is normal for, I guess, every business. So, one is
the impact of that. And two, like we pointed out, there is a non-recurring element of gratuity to
the extent of about Rs. 1 crore that is sitting in this quarter that was not there in the last quarter.
===== PAGE 12 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 11 of 18
So, if I adjust for these, then we are good. You will see the benefit that we kind of spoke about,
very clearly visible in upcoming quarters. We totally stand by the guidance that we have given.
And those numbers will become kind of clear in the upcoming quarters.
KunalMehta: I will come in the queue again.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. Please proceed.
SahilDoshi: Good afternoon and congratulations on a great set of operating metrics in this quarter. Firstly,
just wanted to clarify on the Lighting comment. You said at the exit rate, we should be at a
higher rate. So, could you just quantify, is it from the margin or how are we looking at this?
SanjeevSethia: WhatImeantwasintermsofrevenue,soifIcanquantifyit,ouraveragerevenuesfromSignify
used to be at around Rs. 19-Rs. 20 crores kind of number for the last 2-3 years. In fact, it has
been declining. What I mean is by the end of quarter 4, our per-monthly revenue will be
significantly higher than Rs. 19 crores a monthly rate. So, even after a drop in the average rate
of procurement, Signify is not becoming absolute 0. They will still be our customers. But
addition of 4-6 customers by that quarter should give us 20%-30% increase of the normally
buying what Signify used to do from us.
SahilDoshi: Understood.AndjusttoclarifythisfurtherintermsofdowehaveanymoreclarityfromSignify
as in how do they plan the entire transition and do we envisage further losses in the years
forward?
SanjeevSethia: So, we do have clarity. There are basically two types of business that Signify has divided into
two segments. One is what they call the Consumer segment, and the other is the Professional
segment. Professional segment businesses as per the information given by them will not be
moved to the JV. So, that will continue with manufacturers like us and few more like us. So,
thatbusinessstayswithus.Andaportionoftheconsumerbusinesswillmove.Ibelieveamajor
chunk of what had to move has moved. They will still also buy consumer products from us. So,
I expect that probably the majority of the movement which has to happen has happened. Maybe
it could be a little more. But at the same time, we are confident that the addition of these new
customers will more than make up for the loss of business from Signify and then add to our
overall revenues. So, that in the coming fiscal, I think our Lighting businesses overall should
see significant growth.
SahilDoshi: So, FY '26, we should close as a positive growth versus last year is what you would indicate
basically?
===== PAGE 13 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 12 of 18
AkashSethia: Sahil, FY '26 could be touch and go. But FY '27 most definitely is going to be a very strong
growth over FY '26. I think the way to look at it is orders have already started to come in. But
youwillappreciatethatwhenthereisasuppliershift,therearealloftheformalitiessuchasBIS
and all of that to be done again. Because BIS is a product concept, not a customer concept. So,
that has to be redone, which takes some amount of time. Once that is done, the whole shift in
supply chain is gradual. So, like I mentioned, we already have 3 customers who have come in,
one of whom is a top 5 in the Indian Lighting space. We are very confident that the numbers
willcomeinbasedondetaileddiscussionswiththenewcustomers.Now,whetherFY'26overall
will grow or not, very honestly as of now it is a little bit tough to say. But FY '27 definitely will
be a very strong growth over FY '26 in terms of the Lighting business.
SahilDoshi: Perfect.Iappreciatethat.AndIjustwanttocheckthat.Iamhopingthatthiswillcomeatamuch
higher or a better profitability metric as a whole?
AkashSethia: Look, I won't say much higher or much lower. In some cases, marginally better. In some cases,
somewhat similar. So, I don't want to guide you to expect much higher profitability. Yes, what
one could expect is that while gross margin should be similar with maybe a marginal upward
bias, EBITDA should start to get better because once your overall revenues tend to go up, the
concept of operating leverage kicks in.
SanjeevSethia: I just add to that, there will be another advantage. So, some of these customers who we have
added or are in the process of adding will be Lighting first. But they are also selling similar
Appliancesofwhatwemake.So,maybewebeginwithLighting,butonceourengagementwith
them increases, I am hopeful that we will be able to add some other categories that we will be
able to cross sell. So, I think you will see the benefit of this in our other businesses as well.
SahilDoshi: Understood. Just other segments I just wanted to check. We have seen strong growth in medical
diagnostic cartridges for the last 2-3 quarters. If you can just talk about if there is any traction
we are seeing, how this business could evolve over the next 2-3 years or what is the potential
there? And second is on Personal Care. I think for the last 8 quarters, we have been in the range
of around Rs. 25-Rs. 30 odd crores. And the growth seems to have stagnated there. So, what is
the outlook you are on for both?
AkashSethia: Sure, I will just take it step by step. So, on the medical cartridge, please look, it is a Fantastic
business to be a part of. So, firstly, we are the only third-party manufacturers outside of the
principal company that does this, so the company is Molbio. Aside of them doing it themselves,
only we do it. And this is primarily because of geographical proximity we are situated in the
neighboring region of their factory. Just in terms of how the business works, this is primarily,
from a principal's perspective, a tender-based business, both the Indian as well as global
===== PAGE 14 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 13 of 18
governments release tenders, which these guys participate in. Based on when they win and if
they win, orders get passed on to us. So, you will notice that this is a bit of a lumpy business. It
is difficult to predict with a high degree of accuracy in terms of how this will pan out. But we
do have visibility for the next 6 odd months. That number should broadly continue in terms of
the run rate we currently are at. Beyond that, I don't have visibility, so I don't want to give
guidance with this specifically. I will just pause here. If there are any queries around medical,
let us just address that first and then move on to the other questions.
SahilDoshi: Sure. That helps. Any new wins or can we add capabilities in this business? Something like
medical or something like that?
AkashSethia: As of now, this business is a single product, single customer kind of segment. We are on the
lookout, but as of now, no real news to share. As and when there is, we will be, of course,
intimating all our shareholders of the same.
SahilDoshi: Sure.
AkashSethia: Sorry, what was your question? Yes, numbers have been, I won't say flattish, but yes, not kind
of the strong growth that we had experienced maybe earlier than 6 quarters. So, we have been
highsingledigitkindofnumbers.Weareintouchwithourcustomers.Whatwehaveunderstood
isthatoverthecourseofthenext3quarters,numbersshouldimprove.Whiletheywillimprove,
specifically for our largest customer here, I think numbers will be in the early low double digit
kind of growth rate. Probably that is something that you should model in, not model in a very
explosive growth rate for this over the course of the next 3 odd quarters at least.
SahilDoshi: Sure, that helps. I will just come back in the queue. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi Securities. Please
proceed.
KunalMehta: Hi,Ijustwantedtoaskonelastquestion,whichistheworkingcapitaldays’guidanceinthelast
quarter was given 40-45 days. And as of Q1 now, I think it is revised a little upwards from 45-
50 days. So, maybe if you can just highlight like what led to the revision of this, is it because of
inventory or because of payables?
AkashSethia: Yes, it is that. Let me actually just request a CEO, who is driving this part to just come in and
address this query.
===== PAGE 15 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 14 of 18
PraveenTandon: Hi, Kunal. Good evening. Yes, the major part as explained by Akash also, the quarter has been
a little slow on sales as far as the season is concerned, the rainy season and we were not able to
get the same numbers that were projected, the growth happened 1%. Similarly, to secure the
Quarter2also,therewereadvancementofstocks,sothatwecanmeetthecustomerexpectations.
Third,therewerealotofnewcustomersaregettinginaswehaveshared.So,alotofinventories
are being ordered, basis their requirements. So, you will see that improvement in Quarter 2 and
overall meeting that to that level of 45-50 days. That is the guidance.
KunalMehta: And one more question. Bhiwadi construction has started, but on the parallel side, if I can
provide any update on how are the improvements in the approval of the design and all from the
customers,sowillithavealagafterthefacilitystartsthatyoualwayscanworkontheapprovals
of the designs and then start production or that all will be done before the factory is already
ready?
AkashSethia: No. So, I think, we mentioned in the first part of the call that, specifically two products. So,
chimneys, we mentioned that we are in a reasonably advanced stage of product approval with
our customer. So, there, our estimate is that by the time the factory is ready, we should be ready
pretty much immediately for go live in terms of production. For some of the other products,
suchascoolersandairfryers,weareprobablyalittlebitslowerintermsoftheapprovalandthe
design stage. But we are in touch with customers on a constant basis for that. So, overall, the
idea is that once the facility is set up, we hit on running. We don't have to then wait for much
longer to secure.
SanjeevSethia: I will just add on to this. So, our strategy as far as Bhiwadi is concerned, and like Akash
mentioned, will be a combination of certain new products and some product categories will be
shifted from our existing Ghaziabad factory. So, chimneys, we are, like Akash mentioned, we
are in discussions and we would like to start the production of chimneys in our existing facility.
And as the Bhiwadi factory comes in, it will be a shifting of chimneys, OFR and OTG. These
categories will be shifted out of our existing factory in Ghaziabad to scale up and like hit the
groundrunninginBhiwadi.Thereisnolagthatthefacilityisreadyandthereisnomanufacturing
happening. And coolers will be started from Bhiwadi factory. But what we are doing right now
is based on the design and the prototypes and all which we have under development right now,
we will have customer approvals in place so that as soon as the product is ready, it can start
being manufactured. So, our strategy is based that the Bhiwadi factory, as soon as it is ready,
we should be in a position to start commercial production from there. I hope it is clear. That is
why number is good to Bhiwadi.
===== PAGE 16 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 15 of 18
KunalMehta: So,theRs.140croreguidancethatwehavegivenforFY'27includeschimneys,OFRandOTG
inthefirstphaseofinitiatingproduction.AndthenFY'28willseecoolersandairfryerscoming
in as well?
SanjeevSethia: We expect coolers also to start next fiscal, so it includes all four, OFR, OTG and air fryers. And
the facility which we free up in our Ghaziabad facility, that we are going to use to expand our
Fanandmotorbusiness.LikeImentioned,weareveryseriouslylookingatthewashingmachine
motor and AC, IDU, ODU motors and to increase our ceiling Fan and TPW business. So, the
plan going forward is to increase the Fan business in Ghaziabad, the Fan and motor business in
Ghaziabad, free up capacities there and shift the oven, OTG and medium scale Appliances in
Bhiwadi, so that there is due to scale up these businesses over there as well.
KunalMehta: Thank you.
Moderator: Thankyou.The next questionis from the line ofYashovardhanBanka from TigerAsset.Please
proceed.
YashovardhanBanka: Hello,sir.Sir,whataretheutilizationlevelsforournewfacilitythatwearetargetingforFY'26
and FY '27 as well?
AkashSethia: Sorry, your voice was a little bit muffled. Can you just repeat your question, please?
YashovardhanBanka: Sure. Can you hear me now?
AkashSethia: Yes.
YashovardhanBanka: What are the utilization levels that we are targeting for FY '26 and FY '27 for our new facility?
AkashSethia: So, FY '26, the new facility will not be up and coming. The new facility only gets ready around
April 26. So, the new facility, first like we mentioned, the overall revenue potential of the new
facility is approximately Rs. 550 odd crores. We mentioned that we should be in the Rs. 140-
Rs. 150 crores range. So, looking at that, we should be around the 25% odd utilization mark for
the first year, which then goes up to 50 and 60 over the course of the next couple of years. So,
that is regarding Bhiwadi. Regarding our existing facilities, just to give you a ballpark number,
weareprobablycloseto70%oddutilizedonablendedbasisacrossourexistingthreefactories.
YashovardhanBanka: Understood. Also, I was a bit curious on the medical cartridges part. Who are our competitors,
who are manufacturing the same, domestically and globally?
===== PAGE 17 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 16 of 18
AkashSethia: No, this year, look, the way the business is, the principals own, this is a high IP product. The
principals own the design. We manufacture it on an OEM kind of basis. So, there is no real
competition. This product itself is either manufactured in-house by the principal or outsourced
to us. So, in a sense, there are only two factories producing this particular product.
YashovardhanBanka: So, what is the ballpark addressable market we are looking out for this particular product?
AkashSethia: It is very difficult for me to give you an exact number because this is, like I mentioned, this is a
tender-basedbusiness.So,thewayourprincipalwinsbusiness,primarysuppliesofthisproduct
is to the Indian government, global governments, World Health Organization, and so on and so
forth and this is tender-based, right? So, these organizations periodically release tenders, which
then are bid out. Once our principals win a share of the business in the tender, is when orders
get released.
YashovardhanBanka: Understood. And are we expecting to benefit from any of the government policies, say PLI or
BIS, for any specific projects?
AkashSethia: Sorry, what was your question? Can you just repeat it?
YashovardhanBanka: So, are we expecting to benefit from any of the government policies, say PLI or BIS, for any
specific projects?
AkashSethia: So,BIS,ofcourse,weareexpectingabigpartofourgrowthoverthenext2yearstobepremised
on the imposition of BIS and QCO standards across the various products that we deal in. PLI
specifically right now is only in Lighting. If and when there is another PLI that comes in the
product segments that we are a part of, we are happy to evaluate at that point in time.
YashovardhanBanka: Perfect. And just one last question. Are we sort of facing any risk moving on, in respect of any
of our clients going for any further vertical integration? Any of our marquee clients?
AkashSethia: Any of our marquee clients going for what?
YashovardhanBanka: Vertical integration?
AkashSethia: Not to the best of our knowledge, not really.
YashovardhanBanka: Understood. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please
proceed.
===== PAGE 18 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 17 of 18
DhwanilDesai: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. So, this is my first call. So, please pardon if this question has
been covered and please guide me where I should look for. But the question is more on the
business model side of it. So, let us say you wanted to understand what is typically the model in
terms of the cost structure and margin? So, let us say if you do the contract manufacturing for a
client, is it on an open book basis with a pass through of all the costs? And if so, as and when
you get more efficient, do we have to pass on the benefit to that or that adds up to our margin?
How does that work?
AkashSethia: So, yes, look, costing is more or less transparent. So, there is a defined bill of material. There is
a defined value addition in our cases in percentage terms. And that leads to the final price. So,
any price movement that happens on a periodic basis is passed on. So, typically it is passed on
a monthly or a quarterly basis to our customers with a lag, so with a lag of one month or lag of
one quarter. Sorry, so this is regarding. What was the second part of the question?
DhwanilDesai: So, any efficiency gains that you achieve as a part of your learning and kind of getting the
processes better aligned? Is it also eventually customer will seek more gain from that as a path
to give you more business?
AkashSethia: Look, the way the business works is that whether you like it or not, the customer forces you to
innovate and be efficient because the job of every purchaser in a company is to come to you
every year and ask for 2%, 3%, 4% price reduction. So, that is the nature of the business. They
kind of keep you on your toes. And that whole conversation, one is always thinking of ways to
get more.
DhwanilDesai: Sir, the reason I am asking this question is that so we are guiding for 6%-6.5% margin this year
from new client, 7%-7.5% kind of a margin we are targeting. So, I am saying is this the feeling
that we have in our business in terms of margin profile? Let us say over a medium term, 3, 4, 5
years, or is there a room for margins to go up from that number?
AkashSethia: Look, so philosophically speaking, yes, one could probably aim for a slightly higher margin.
But in our limited experience, whatever we have learned is to guide for something that is
achievable. So, while we may have higher aspirations in terms of what we want to guide the
investor community and the analyst community for 6.5% this year and 7%-7.5% next year.
Internally, of course, we have a slightly higher aspiration. But I think, right now, given that we
are coming out of a lull of 2 years where our margins compressed, from 8 all the way down to
4, it is a little bit premature to talk of aspiration. Let us first deliver on the 6% and 7% or 7.5%
thatwehadspokenaboutforthenext2years.Andoncewegettothatiswhenwecantalkabout
higher aspirations.
===== PAGE 19 of 19 =====
Elin Electronics Limited
August 07, 2025
Page 18 of 18
DhwanilShah: That makes perfect sense. And second question is, as you go into medium Appliances, how do
you generally look at moving from a smaller realization product, lower realization product to
higherrealizationproduct?Isitthevalueadditionpartorunitwillgoupsignificantlyandhence
the margins are higher or because the realization are higher, the percentage of that is higher,
hence the margins are higher?
AkashSethia: That is the latter. So, because these are generally higher realization products, typically what
happensisthat,infact,Iwouldsaythatoverallgrossmarginswilltendtobeatthelowerendof
thespectrumwherewecurrentlyare.Itisnotgoingtobeatthe25%-27%mark.Itwillprobably
be around the 20%, 21% 22% kind of range, broadly speaking. But because these are higher
realization products, therefore all the other overheads in terms of labor overheads, on a
percentage basis, they are very small. So, therefore you have a slightly higher EBITDA. So,
what we have mentioned for Bhiwadi is that once the plant is stabilized, we will definitely be
achieving north of 7%-7.5% kind of EBITDA margins.
DhwanilShah: Great. Very clear. Thank you and wish you all the best.
SanjeevSethia: Sure. And just a word for the moderator, I think due to paucity of time, maybe we can just take
one or two more questions. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over
to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.
KamalSethia: I am Kamal Sethia - Managing Director. Thank you all for your time and being part of this call,
Earnings Call and wish you all the best. Have a great day. Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us
and you may now disconnect your lines.