
===== PAGE 1 of 20 =====
£1Z„
November 13, 2025
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G BIock,
Bandra -Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
YOUR   PARTNER
BEYOND   PRODUCTS
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.I. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
lsIN: lNE050401020
Dear sir/Ma'am,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on November 10, 2025.
Pursuant to  Regulation  30 of the SEBl  (Listing Obligations &  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for the Q2 of the  FY2025-26  held
on  Monday, November 10, 2025.
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
Lata Rani Pawa `ts.-~`'
Company secretary & Compliance officer                ``L``+.:
M. No.: A30540
cs@elinindia.com
Encl: As Above
ELIN  ELECTRONICS LIMITED CIN:  L29304DL1982PLC428372
New Delhi                                            Ghaziabad                                        Goa
Registered & Corporate office                   C-142,143,144,144/1,144/2                    L84, Verna  Industrial
4771,  Bharat  Ram  Road,                                   Bulandshahar  Road                                         Estate  verna,  Salcete
23,  Daryaganj,
New  Delhi-110002
& 011-43000400
Industrial  Area,  Site  No    1,                          Goa-403722
Ghaziabad  (U.P.)-201009
& 0120-2701519
Baddi
Village-Belil<hc)I,
Tehsi1-Na1agarh,
Dlstrict:  SoliJn,
Himachal  Pradesh-174L101
$ 08326690939                            & 9816036987
Bhiwadi
C2-C3  &  C5{6
Elcina  Manufacturing
Cluster SPL~1,  Salarpur
lndustrlal  Area  Bhiwadi,
District:  Alwar
Rajasthan-301019

===== PAGE 2 of 20 =====
1 Elin Electronics Limited  Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
   Elin Electronics Limited  Q2FY26 Investor Call  Event Date / Time: 10/11/2025, 16:00 Hrs. Event Duration: 53 mins 02 secs    CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  Kamal Sethia  Managing Director   Sanjeev Sethia  Director   Praveen Tandon  Chief Executive Officer   Akash Sethia  Head of Strategy   Gulshan Singh  Sunidhi Securities   Q&A PARTICIPANTS DETAILS:  1  Kunal Mehta   : Sunidhi Securiites   2 Ananya Nichani : Thinqwise   3  Samarth Ashok  : Janak Merchant   Securities  4 Chirag Shah  : Whitepine Investment Managers 

===== PAGE 3 of 20 =====
2 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
 
 
5 Runit Kapoor : Invest IR Investments 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Karthikeyan moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 
Elin Electronics Limited Q2 FY '26 Investor Call. Today, we have with us from the management, Mr . 
Kamal Sethia Managing Director , Mr . Sanjeev Sethia, Director, Mr . Praveen Tandon, Chief ExecuƟve 
Oﬃcer, and Mr. Akash Sethia, Head of Strategy. As a reminder, all parƟcipants will be in listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask quesƟons aŌer the presentaƟon concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touch tone phone. Please note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the 
ﬂoor to Gulshan Singh from Sunidhi SecuriƟes. Thank you and over to you, sir . 
Gulshan Singh: 
Thank you, sir. Good aŌernoon and very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of Sunidhi SecuriƟes, 
I welcome you all to Elin Electronics Limited Q2 H1 FY26 Earning Conference Call. aŌernoon, and very 
warm welcome to everyone.  
Today, we have with us some management represented by Mr . Kamal Sethia, Managing Director, Mr . 
Sanjeev Sethia, Director, Mr. Praveen Tandon, Chief ExecuƟve Oﬃcer, and Mr. Akash Sethia, Head of 
Strategy. We thank Elin Electronics for giving us the opportunity to host the call, and we would now 
like to hand over the ﬂoor to management for their opening remarks, and post which, we will open 
the ﬂoor for Q&A. Thanks and over to you, Sanjeev, sir, for your remarks. 
Sanjeev Sethia: 
Thank you very much, Gulshan. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Sanjeev Sethia. We have 
on call today our Managing Director, Kamal Sethia, our Strategy Head, Akash Sethia, and our CEO, 
Praveen Tandon. Thank you for joining our earnings call for the second quarter and ﬁrst half of ﬁscal 
year March 2026. Coming to our overall performance for the quarter operaƟng revenue for the quarter 
was at INR 375 crores against INR 305 crores in the same period last year, up 23% on a YoY basis. Our 
revenue growth was robust primarily because of strong growth in our appliance and fan business. 
This can be aƩributed to new product launches and customer acquisiƟon, as well as an earlier Diwali 
this year compared to last year, due to which some sales were advanced to Q2 this year versus Q3 last 
year. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR 20.4 crores against INR 11.3 crores in the same 
period last year, represenƟng a strong growth of 80%. This has been driven by robust revenue growth, 
higher eﬃciencies in operaƟons, and overall beneﬁts of operaƟng leverage. Two anomalies in the 
current quarter, power cost was elevated due to unseasonal rain, which led to both higher diesel 
consumpƟon due to load shedding, and lower than expected solar power generaƟon.  
Further, we also incurred high amount of internaƟonal air freight to accommodate increased demand 
from some of our customers. Consolidated PAT for the quarter was INR 10.3 crores against INR 4.8 
crores in the same period last year . Our liquidity posiƟon remains strong with net cash of INR 94 crores 
as at September 2025. Our working capital posiƟon is at net 53 days, driven by a strong improvement 
===== PAGE 4 of 20 =====
3 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
in payable days. Our absolute amount of working capital has declined YoY even though sales have seen 
a strong increase. Our CapEx spend in H1 FY 26 was at INR 14.5 crores. 
 
 Cash ﬂow from operaƟons in H1 FY26 has come in at INR 36 crores versus INR 28 crores in the previous 
year. As stated in our earlier calls, the aspiraƟon is to be a one stop shop for all high-volume home 
appliances and durable needs of OEMs and our customers. This includes our exisƟng business, lighƟng, 
sands, small appliances and our planned new business, medium appliances such as air coolers, 
chimneys, oven, toaster, grillers, etcetera. We will conƟnue to look for such products to add in our 
porƞolio over the next several quarters. Now I would like to share with you the performance and the 
strategy in each of our business verƟcals. 
In LighƟng, Sands and Switch segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR 72.4 crores against INR 
66.6 crores in the same quarter last year . This was primarily driven by strong increase in revenue from 
fans, which was parƟally oﬀset by a marginal decrease in revenue from lighƟng. LED lighƟng, excluding 
ﬂashlights, declined from INR 50 crores last quarter to INR 47.4 crores in the current quarter . As 
menƟoned earlier on our call, this was largely led by volume decline from Signify, which was largely 
oﬀset by gains from new customers. The revenue run rate on a quarter-to-quarter basis is on an 
improving trajectory. 
As on date, we are serving four new customers in LighƟng in addiƟon to Signify. We expect to further 
add one or two more customers. We are reasonably conﬁdent that our exit revenue run rate of Q4 FY 
26 will be higher than last year's overall average, which gives us conﬁdence and comfort on the outlook 
of our LighƟng business overall. Moving to our fan business we have seen strong growth of almost 
100% in our fan business on a YoY basis. This has primarily been driven by our BLDC ceiling fan business. 
We are also working on diversifying our customer base and adding new customers. We expect this 
strong growth momentum to conƟnue in Q3 and Q4 as well.  
Moving on to the Home Appliance segment. Revenue growth was robust and increased from INR 83 
crore last year to INR 140 crore this quarter . Kitchen and Home Care revenue increased by 98% on a 
YoY basis. This was on the back of new product launches, parƟcularly OFR as well as earlier Bhiwadi 
this year versus last year . Personal Care segment was up 27% YoY basis with good growth seen across 
categories. Future growth is going to be driven by this segment and our strong focus on also growing 
ODM share of the business. While sƟll nascent, we expect ODM growth strongly over the next several 
quarters. A quick update about the medium appliance category. While these will be built out of our 
Bhiwadi facility, which will start oﬀ next ﬁscal, we have already iniƟated discussions with customers 
for this. We had shared our opƟmism in our last call about our relaƟvely nascent export business.  
We remain in exploratory talk with a few OEMs to supply from India and export to the USA. The 
discussions are temporarily on hold given the uncertainty around the tariﬀ situaƟon. We are hopeful 
of a posiƟve outcome once the tariﬀ situaƟon normalizes. Further, the government push for Make in 
India and disincenƟvizing import via BIS and QCO makes us further opƟmisƟc on our business going 
forward. Moving on to the FHP Motors segment. Revenue was stable at INR 74 crores in the quarter . 
Please note this segment reﬂects only third-party sales. Therefore, while segment sales appear ﬂat, 
underlying growth is strong given that there is capƟve consumpƟon of motor for the Appliance 
business. In terms of pipeline of new products to be launched, we will be launching cooler motors and 
===== PAGE 5 of 20 =====
4 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
VLDC chimney motors by next year for both third party sales and capƟve consumpƟon towards 
manufacturing the ﬁnished product.  
Now I would like to set our guidance. We had started oﬀ the year with a revenue guidance of INR 13.50 
crores, represenƟng a growth of 15% over FY 25. As on compleƟon of H1 FY 26, we are at INR 6.70 
crores, which is 50% of the guidance, so we are exactly on track. However , our guidance included 
revenues from export to Ɵe USA, which has been nil since August 2025 due to the tariﬀ situaƟon. Given 
that there is possibility of this situaƟon conƟnuing for the next few months, revenue for the year may 
be impacted by up to 3% approximately. You will appreciate that this is beyond our control. If the 
situaƟon is resolved soon, we are hopeful of adding a few more explored projects over the course of 
next four to six quarters. EBITDA for the year was forecast at 6% to 6.5% margin. 
As on compleƟon of H1 FY 26, we are at 5.7% margin. Adjusted for the one oﬀ, we would be at 5.9% 
for the H1 FY 26. Further, please note that the margin on export is higher than domesƟc sales. 
Therefore, EBITDA margin could also be impacted and come in at about 5.5- 6% for full year FY 26. 
CapEx for the year will be INR. 100 to INR. 110 crores, split at INR. 60 to 65 crores for Phase one of the 
new plant at Rewari and INR. 35 Crores to 40 crores for growth of the exisƟng businesses and factories. 
Once the new facility is stabilized in few years from starƟng, this will also help us drive up the return 
on capital employed since cash siƫng idle on our balance sheet has been a drag on the ROCE. A quick 
update on the Rewari factory. Total project cost is esƟmated at INR. 100 crores.  
ConstrucƟon has commenced in July 2025 and is progressing well. Given the current progress, we 
expect the plant to be ready and operaƟonal by March or April 2026. We expect revenues of around 
INR. 140 crores in FY 27 and INR. 250 crores in FY 28. ReiteraƟng that as per current esƟmates, revenue 
potenƟal of the plant is at around INR 500 to 600 crores. Further, we expect a steady state EBITDA of 
7-7.5% for this plant. At these levels, our return on capital employed for the plants will be at around 
20%. With this, we conclude our opening remarks. We can now open the ﬂoor for Q and A. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, to ask the quesƟon, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. We will 
wait for a moment while quesƟon queue assembles. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask the quesƟon, please 
press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. The ﬁrst quesƟon comes from the line of Kunal Mehta from 
Sunidhi SecuriƟes. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta 
Very good aŌernoon, sir , and congrats on a good set of results. My ﬁrst quesƟon would be on the gross 
margin. Why has the gross margin declined from the last quarter are we, I mean, because in the last 
quarter, you menƟoned that there were procurement side eﬃciencies brought in. So, in this quarter, 
again, the gross margin has fallen by about 4% over last quarter . Any update on that? 
Akash Sethia 
Sure. Thanks, Kunal. Look, gross margin is a funcƟon not only of eﬃciencies in terms of sourcing, but 
also a funcƟon of the sales mix. So if you look at our current quarter, especially the components 
business, the components business is approximately, if I am not wrong, 20% of the total turnover, 
whereas in Q1, it was close to 24%, if I am not wrong. I could be oﬀ by a percentage point here. So that 
===== PAGE 6 of 20 =====
5 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
is one of the key reasons. We have always menƟoned that our components business is more proﬁtable 
than our ﬁnished products business. So it's a funcƟon of the sales mix. This is subject to change QoQ 
so that is the key reason in terms of the variance in the gross margin. 
 
Kunal Mehta 
Just one quesƟon. We are the payable days improved, I think, four or ﬁve days. I mean, this is just 
something which I was thinking where can we maybe pay earlier and maybe get some discount on the, 
raw material if that is something that can be worked out that an opƟon that we can consider to improve 
our margins? 
Akash Sethia 
Look theoreƟcally speaking, that is always an opƟon. However, one has to factor in the working capital 
impact that it has in terms of payment upfront but your point is well taken. We'll keep looking at 
various opƟons in terms of what is best suited from all angles for the company and go ahead on that 
path. But I mean, to put it simply, your point is well taken we'll keep that under consideraƟon. 
Kunal Mehta 
In the Personal Care segment, I think can you menƟon a few products that have seen an upƟck in this 
quarter of you or is it across the whole basket? 
 Akash Sethia 
It's by and large across the basket. So, the products that we manufacture, hair dryers, hair 
straighteners, trimmers, sterilizers, and heated hairbrush these are the ﬁve key products that we 
manufacture. The amongst the, you know, larger ones are hairdryers, hair straighteners, and trimmers 
and all three saw a reasonably strong, growth YoY .  
Kunal Mehta 
Okay and in the medical cartridges, I think since the last in this quarter, the last quarter and even Q4 
there was about INR. 8 to 9 or 8 to 10 crores of revenue every quarter coming in. So have we found 
some customer who regularly requires the cartridges and can we expect this as a run rate going ahead? 
Akash Sethia 
Look, we currently have only one customer in this segment. That said, we were operaƟng at preƩy 
much full capacity, which was approximately INR 9 - 9.5 crores per quarter kind of number . Just about 
a couple of weeks back, we have just decided to expand capacity here because we are seeing that this 
business has become sƟcky and it's currently consistent. So we have expanded capacity. We ordered 
one full new machinery, which should expand capacity by approximately, 15 to 18% right that's what 
we are doing. But it will obviously take some Ɵme in terms of the whole project to come on stream 
right now, just the machine has been ordered. So it will take maybe one to 3 months for capacity to 
come on stream. 
Kunal Mehta 
Okay. I will get back in the queue. 
===== PAGE 7 of 20 =====
6 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next quesƟon comes from the line of Ananya from Thinqwise. Please go ahead. 
 
Ananya Nichani 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Akash Sethia 
Yes, you are. 
Ananya Nichani 
Thanks for the opportunity. Fan I had one quesƟon. We've seen a strong growth. I wanted to ask if 
you're conﬁdent of this momentum sustaining and in the FHP division, because in H1, it's de-grown if 
we see fans pick up in the future, will the motor segment de-grow as more of them are used in 
response that's my ﬁrst quesƟon? 
Akash Sethia 
So just in terms of motor, I think it's not really de growing. It's just that we have a certain capacity for 
producƟon of these motors. What is reported in terms of FHP motor sales, sales to third party, very 
honestly, that number is not so important for us as is the total uƟlizaƟon of the motor plant. So as long 
as adequate number of motors are being produced and they're uƟlized capƟvely, we don't mind that 
because once you uƟlize that capƟvely, there is a higher value add that you are capturing. So we are 
not perturbed by the fact that third party sales of motors are kind of ﬂat lining because just in terms 
of the overall growth of motors, that is doing ﬁne. What was the other part of your quesƟon I just lost 
that. 
Ananya Nichani  
Sustainability of growth in fan segment? 
Akash Sethia 
In the fan segment? 
Ananya Nichani  
Yes. 
Kamal Sethia 
 We are fairly conﬁdent of growth in the fan segment. I'll just hand over to Sanjeev ji for his views. He 
looks at the fan space. 
Sanjeev Sethia 
Like Akash menƟoned, fairly conﬁdent, and we already have preƩy strong orders for this quarter as 
well as the next quarter . We will be adding customers also in the especially in the BLDC ceiling fan 
category. Recently, we parƟcipated in fan exhibiƟon in Delhi NCR and we have fairly good queries there. 
===== PAGE 8 of 20 =====
7 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
So I mean, quite bullish on the overall fan business, which includes ceiling fan, fresh air fans and table 
to desk wall fans. 
 
 
Ananya Nichani  
 Okay. So how much is the uƟlizaƟon of your SHP plant that you just menƟoned that that's what you 
track. 
Sanjeev Sethia 
Mean, you're talking of uƟlizaƟon of the SHP motors as a whole? 
Ananya Nichani  
No, you just menƟoned that the total uƟlizaƟon is what you keep an eye on rather than sales to third 
party. So just in H1, how much is the uƟlizaƟon just the FHP division? 
Sanjeev Sethia 
Broadly speaking, it would be maybe in the 75 - 80% kind of mark. But that's a very high-level number. 
It could be because there are mulƟple product segments within FHP Motors. I'm just giving you a 
ballpark number. It could be diﬀerent segment by segment and this is for the last 6- months. I mean 
H1 FY 26. 
Ananya Nichani  
Just one last quesƟon. How much is the power cost that you menƟoned, the one-oﬀ power cost for 
this quarter? 
Sanjeev Sethia 
You’re talking about the elevated, I think what we’re doing now, that approximately would have been 
higher by approximately INR 50 lakh for the quarter. 
Ananya Nichani  
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator  
Thank you. The next quesƟon comes from the line of Samarth Ashok from Janak Merchant SecuriƟes. 
Please go ahead. 
Samarth Ashok 
Sir, am I audible? 
Sanjeev Sethia 
Yes, sir, you are. 
Samarth Ashok 
===== PAGE 9 of 20 =====
8 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
So, like, the Philips Group, which is which you are the signify Philips, were Versuni and the Philips 
personal care used to be a large chunk of our overall sales. So, and we were trying for last 2, 3 years to 
diversify away from this. So, can you can you elaborate, how much we have been able to diversify in 
this and what is the ODM share presently? 
Akash Sethia 
Look, if I aggregate all three customers that you said, Signify, Philips, and Versuni, maybe about 3 to 5 
years back, they would have contributed to not the 50%, maybe towards even touching maybe 55%, 
56%. If you look at the number, maybe last year or in these 6 months, this number would be down to 
maybe about 43% approximately. And these are approximate numbers. It could be oﬀ by, you know, 
percentage points here or there. 
Samarth Ashok 
And the ODM share, sir? 
Akash Sethia 
ODM share, this I'm talking only for the appliances segment. This would be approximately in the range 
of 25 odd % right now. 
Samarth Ashok 
Okay. So I had a quesƟon. Like, you know, historically, has happened is our components and motors, 
that business has been more proﬁtable and in appliances, we consume a lot of these components 
capƟvely. So at what scale you need in our appliance so that you are able to get the complete beneﬁts 
of the backward integraƟon and which are the categories where you, like, in fan and mixer, which are 
these categories where you are able to maintain 2, 3 years down the line where you are able to get 
this full beneﬁt of the backward integraƟon that we have? 
Akash Sethia 
I don't think I understood your quesƟon. We are fully backward integrated, so those beneﬁts are 
available today also. Maybe I misunderstood your quesƟon. Can you just elaborate? 
Samarth Ashok 
Like in appliances, which is more of an assembly business, like in a mixer, we have like 25% will be the 
plasƟc moulding and the steel component and 40% will be motor . So, do we need a certain scale in 
every appliance so that we’ll be able to reach a 9 or 10% margin in our appliance category also like, at 
what scale we can reach that?  
Akash Sethia 
No, look, ﬁrstly, I don’t think it is possible to do 10% EBITDA margin in appliances. It is very, very 
diﬃcult. We have never really even spoken of these kinds of margins because at least at the scale that 
we operate at today, we do not think it is possible. What is possible is to maybe go to around 7 - 7.5% 
margins, which we've always menƟoned is in terms of there is always the concept of a ﬂoor and a 
ceiling. You know, this is towards the higher end that, you know, you can assume margins should be 
at. I don't think 9 -10% are sustainable or achievable. 
===== PAGE 10 of 20 =====
9 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Samarth Ashok 
We did post these numbers in September 22 quarter, so that’s why? 
 
Akash Sethia 
So that might have been a one oﬀ, but in general, it's not sustainable. 
Samarth Ashok 
Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a quesƟon, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. The next quesƟon from the line of Achuth Pabat, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Achuth Pabat 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator  
Yes, you are audible, sir? 
Achuth Pabat 
Yes, so I just wanted to know what is the full year revenue guidance for FY26 and FY27 possible?  
Akash Sethia 
For FY26, the guidance was 15% growth, which in terms of a rupee number, works out to INR 1350 odd 
crores approximately. What we have just menƟoned is that given the uncertainty around the tariﬀ 
situaƟon for export of products to the USA, that business has been stalled and had zero since August 
25. Now, we don’t know when that situaƟon is going to resolve. Assuming that it conƟnues for the next 
maybe 3-4 months, revenues could be impacted by approximately 3%. That’s the number that we have 
shared. So instead of 1350, it could be possible that we are approximately 3, 3.5% or maybe 2.5% lower 
than the guided number . 
Achuth Pabat 
Can I know what is a major revenue and which product we are geƫng major revenue? 
 Akash Sethia 
Sorry. Can you just repeat? 
Achuth Pabat 
I'm I just wanted to know from which product we are geƫng major revenue. Like, what is our product 
wise revenue breakup? 
 Akash Sethia 
===== PAGE 11 of 20 =====
10 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
So for I mean, for that, you are welcome. I would encourage you to look at our, earnings presentaƟon. 
We spell that out preƩy clearly in terms of segment as well as some of the key products. But the largest 
category, at least in this quarter, was the appliances category that was the largest fall for this quarter . 
 
Achuth Pabat 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator  
Thank you. The next quesƟon comes from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Doshi 
Hi. Good aŌernoon, team. Just on the export bit, just wanted to check. You know, last year, our foreign 
exchange earnings were around INR. 4 crores. I assume this was the exports which we did last year. So 
what is the 3% reducƟon in guidance. So, we were expecƟng this to go to 30-40 crores for this year . 
What segment was this expected from 
If you can share some colour here and also, it seems like the margin impact this year would be higher. 
So, what was the expectaƟon here in making? 
Akash Sethia 
So, Sahil, one is obviously, just in terms of the export business, it was very nascent. It just started oﬀ 
last year . This was predominantly for fans. So we were making fresh air stroke exhaust fans that were 
ﬁƩed in recreaƟonal vehicles in the USA, that is the product category. So that business was, you know, 
growing quite well. It grew quite well in Q1 this year . And then preƩy much since, you know, August, 
it has been kind of zero. So we don't know when this tariﬀ situaƟon is going to resolve itself so just in 
the interest of transparency, we've just menƟoned that there could be up to a 3% impact in terms of 
revenue. This is I mean, not only this, but in general, exports are far more proﬁtable in terms of margin 
than domesƟc sales. So the value addiƟon or the EBITDA margins for a similar product in export versus 
a similar product in domesƟc, the margins are widely diﬀerent. It’s at least 4%, 5%, 6% higher in terms 
of value addiƟon. So that’s why the slight margin impact also. 
Sahil Deshi  
Understood and are we factoring any of this in our esƟmates for FY 27 also and can there be a risk to 
those guidance’s as well? 
 Akash Sethia 
For '27, again, this was factored. So when we menƟoned liƩle more speciﬁc guidance for 2026 and a 
broad guidance for 2027, we had assumed export numbers. In fact, we assumed as of today, we only 
had this one large project to be USA, but we also assumed one more coming in because like we 
menƟoned, we were in talks with more than two, three people to localize, and we assumed at least 
one of them would come in. But as of now, all of that is, as you can imagine on hold. So we don't really 
know the impact. So I don't want to give you a number right now for 2027 unƟl the situaƟon, you 
know, kind of normalizes. Once it does, we will we will, of course, let you know.  
===== PAGE 12 of 20 =====
11 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
 Sahil Deshi 
Second, just wanted to check on this one Ɵme when you said INR 50 crores in power . Is there anything 
on the F rate and the etc. And what is the reason for that as well?  
 
 Akash Sethia 
This is approximately the aggregate on these two accounts is close to INR 1.1 crores. INR. 50 lakh was 
on account of power, like we menƟoned, because of higher than anƟcipated rains. There was very 
frequent load shedding. So we had to run, especially a Ghaziabad plant for a fairly elongated period 
on diesel, on gen-set, right so that is one and two, as a parallel corollary, generaƟon from solar power 
plant was also much lower than anƟcipated because of the range, because of the lack of radiaƟon. So 
the aggregate impact of both of these is approximately INR 15 lakh that's point one. On the airfreight, 
it's about, again, close to INR 16 lakh. This is predominantly to accommodate there was some last 
moment demand increase from customers. So rather than, you know, let those orders go, one never 
wants to let a customer order go. So we decided to, you know, kind of take the hit in terms of air 
freighƟng, I mean, the material and then supplying it to our customer . 
Sahil Deshi  
This is not…. 
 Akash Sethia 
Air freight is not an export, it’s domesƟc order . Sorry, your voice was just breaking, I couldn’t hear you.  
Sahil Deshi  
Sorry, air freight was about domesƟc order, not an export order. 
 Akash Sethia 
No, domesƟc order but imported material is what I mean, this is input of know material.  
Sahil Deshi  
Understood. Second, just wanted to, discuss more on the gross margin. So this I understand QoQ 
variaƟons could come in. But as we go towards appliances, our share of appliances increases and our, 
say, motor sales stand alone reduces, the blended gross margins, what should be the band which we 
should be comfortable with because we've seen 28% in last quarter and 24% now. So broadly, how 
should we think about this? 
 Akash Sethia 
Look, in terms of the full year number, QoQ variaƟons are going to be there. In terms of the full year 
number, we've always said that you should look at anywhere between 74-76%. That's the sort of 
number that we always guide for . But that said, QoQ variaƟons are a part and parcel of the business. 
It's just that seasonal nature of the business. 
Sahil Deshi  
===== PAGE 13 of 20 =====
12 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
No, what are is your stand alone? 
Akash Sethia 
The voice is breaking, sir, I’m not able to hear you. 
 
Moderator  
Sorry to interrupt, there is a voice is breaking, sir.  
Sahil Deshi  
Hello, is it beƩer now, by any chance?  
Moderator  
Yes, its beƩer now, sir . Please go ahead, sir. 
Sahil Deshi  
I was trying to say, as the appliances business ends up for us, don't you think, you know, the 25% kind 
of raw material range should be the new normal in that 25% was not the new normal? 
Akash Sethia 
So look if, I mean, appliances have a slightly lower gross margin, but then, the way to look at that is 
that they also have a slightly lower, employee cost. So then the way to look at that if one would assume 
that, say, in 2 years' Ɵme, once Rewari plant is, say, $2.50 crore kind of top line, so one would expect 
some contracƟon in terms of gross margin at that point in Ɵme. But that would be more than 
adequately compensated by lower employee costs. Our employee costs, which, say, was approximately 
14.5% last year, full year, which has come down to I think if I’m not wrong 13.5% for you know the ﬁrst 
half of the year will conƟnue to then trend downward such that the EBITDA margin is not only 
maintained, but probably rises to about 7, 7.5%. That’s the way you should look at it. It’s probably a 
trade-oﬀ between gross margins and employee cost, especially in terms of medium and large 
appliances. 
Sahil Deshi  
Understood and lastly on, cash ﬂow , you've done a decent job in terms of, you know, working capital 
management. Is there a further room here and you had once called out forty-ﬁve days as a target. Is 
that possible in the current environment? 
Akash Sethia 
It is possible. I won't say it's not possible. It's a bit of a stretched target, more aspiraƟonal, but we are 
on the right track. So we're working very hard to get those, you know, days down to 45 Like we've 
menƟoned, we would have hoped to do that by September or maximum December, but probably it 
might be delayed by a quarter or so. But rest assured, we are working very hard towards line item as 
well. 
Sahil Deshi  
===== PAGE 14 of 20 =====
13 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Sure. Thank you so much, and best of luck to you, the team. 
Akash Sethia 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator  
Thank you. The next quesƟon comes from the line of Chirag Shah from Whitepine Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So one quesƟon only one quesƟon. So with respect to U. S, who would 
be a compeƟng country in the where there is a threat of losing the business if the current situaƟon 
conƟnues?  
Akash Sethia 
Not audible. Can you just repeat your quesƟon? 
Chirag Shah  
Am I audible now? 
Moderator  
Yes, you are audible sir. 
Chirag Shah  
Okay. My quesƟon was, for the export to US, assuming the tariﬀ issue is not resolved for the sake of 
assumpƟon, which are the compeƟng countries with our beneﬁcial or advantage posiƟon and which 
can see a shiŌ in business opportunity? 
Akash Sethia 
Well, look, this was all a shiŌ of business from or largely from China to India as a, you know, China plus 
one strategy that a lot a lot of OEMs are looking at. Assuming this does not get involved in either a 
China conƟnues or maybe, I mean, I don't know, maybe Vietnam or someone. I mean, I'm not a 100% 
sure about that, but my guess would then be that it would conƟnue from China. 
Chirag Shah  
Okay. But China, it's largely China as a supplier . I thought some of the smaller countries would also be 
supplying or making this.  
Akash Sethia 
I mean, look. It's very hard to make a general statement. Since your quesƟon was a liƩle bit generic, 
I've just made the general statement, but I'm not sure how it varies product to product, customer to 
customer . Very diﬃcult to make a generic statement. But in general, yes, China is a well-known fact 
that they are the manufacturing giants of the world. 
===== PAGE 15 of 20 =====
14 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Chirag Shah  
Okay. Great. Thank you. 
 
 
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a quesƟon, please press * and 1 on a telephone keypad. 
We have a follow-up quesƟon from Kunal Mehta from Sunidhi SecuriƟes. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta  
Hello sir My quesƟon is on the Bhiwadi facility. How much capital has been deployed Ɵll now or 
tentaƟvely? 
Akash Sethia 
So approximately, I think the number is 20 odd crores of capital advances have been made towards 
the end. 
Kunal Mehta  
And, in terms of product approvals, are we seeing any hiccups when it comes to, let's say, air coolers 
or, cooling products that we are planning to launch there because a lot of brands have given ﬂat 
guidance for FY 2627 also doesn't seem that promising. So are we seeing any hiccups where brands or 
OEMs are maybe delaying the approvals or something for the products? 
Mr Akash Sethia  
Do if you look at the product proﬁle which we planned for Bhiwadi, it will include the OFR heaters. It 
will include chimneys, ovens and air coolers. So these are the four products which are planned to be 
launched from the Bhiwadi plant. Two of these products, I mean, one oil ﬁll heater, we are already 
making in our Ghaziabad plant, and there will be a shiŌing of locaƟons. 
So that business is kind of assured. I mean, it just gets shiŌed from Ghaziabad to Bhiwadi because it 
we have much more space, and then we are building up that factory also to take care of medium sized 
appliance. So not much of an issue in this product line. The second product line, which we are going 
to launch in Bhiwadi is going to be the kitchen chimney. Here, the strategy is that a similar 
infrastructure is already available. 
So we will get the product approved basically from our Ghaziabad plant and full-ﬂedged producƟon 
will start from the Bhiwadi plant. We have more or less, we already have aligned two customers, which 
are marquee customers who will be taking this product. So we expect that by the Ɵme Bhiwadi plant 
comes online and is ready for producƟon, we would already have these products approved from our 
Ghaziabad plant. So kind of expecƟng a seamless transiƟon from Ghaziabad to Bhiwadi plant for these 
two products. And similarly, OTG also, the strategy is similar. 
So three out of our four products would already be preapproved for producƟon from our Ghaziabad 
plant, and then there will be the infrastructure and some of the tooling’s will be shiŌed to Diwali for 
===== PAGE 16 of 20 =====
15 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
actual commercial mass producƟon. Now air coolers, you're correct. I mean in terms of this parƟcular 
season for both air condiƟoners and coolers, there has been a liƩle bit of a downer . It's been very ﬂat. 
Currently, we are in the process of geƫng our design and product approved by the customer . 
We are trying to get a buy in from the customer before we start invesƟng. There is a liƩle bit of a delay 
because the whole key cooler season has been delayed, but we are sƟll quite hopeful that we have 
some sure customers on our hand. So the investments in the plant and machinery of the air cooler will 
be in line with, let's say, the customer approvals. So there might be a slight delay, but sƟll quite hopeful 
that we are able to add some customers, and then we'll proceed accordingly. So three out of four 
products, which we will start in Bhiwadi will be preapproved and will be ready for producƟon and the 
fourth one, air coolers, there, we are trying to ﬁrst have a handshake with the customer where we 
have a liƩle bit of a short order from them so that we can start launching the project. So I hope this 
answers your quesƟon. 
Kunal Mehta  
Yes, sir and one more follow-up quesƟon. I think the FHP Motors, sales, as someone pointed out earlier, 
has been, QoQ for fans, has seen a decline because most of it was used for capƟve. But, are we facing 
capacity constraints to supply to them in the market as well and are we planning to increase our 
capacity for the FHP motors in these coming years? 
Sanjeev Sethia: 
So a, from our exisƟng range, we don't have a capacity issue as such. Some of it, like we menƟoned, 
was diverted for in house consumpƟon because the fan producƟon went up. And secondly, if you know 
this was an unseasonably wet monsoon. So a lot of the TPW, especially table press and wall fan 
requirements were a bit ﬂat. So we lost some market there, but we gained some market in chimneys. 
But in general, for our product range, there is no capacity constraint as such. As far as expanding 
capaciƟes, the new ranges which we are geƫng into, that's the cooler motors and the BLDC chimney 
motor, that's where we are expanding our capacity. And the third category, which we are working on 
is the washing machine motor . Currently, not much of manufacturing in this category is happening. We 
are trying to work out a strategy by which we can start washing machine motors manufacturing in 
India. 
And as you know, a lot of all these motors will be covered under BIS in the come probably in the coming 
year by August or September . So there is potenƟal that other categories will open up. We are studying 
those also. So washing machine motor, maybe the motor for aircon, the BLDC indoor and outdoor 
units, those two motors are under study. So that would maybe there are avenues where we could 
further expand our capaciƟes for motor manufacturing. 
Kunal Mehta  
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. And just one quesƟon, what would be the tentaƟve lag in impact that 
can be seen once BI has implemented in next August? 
Sanjeev Sethia  
Could you lag? 
===== PAGE 17 of 20 =====
16 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Kunal Mehta  
So, by lag, I mean once the BIS is implemented, I think, I mean, the impact might not be immediate. 
So, the actual impact of shiŌing of, let us say, the manufacturers to, let us say, LNN from China or other 
manufacturers, how will that happen? Will it be like a 6 to 8-month period once it is implemented?  
 
Akash Sethia 
Like I said, we are also working on certain strategies of making, starƟng those motors here before BIS 
comes in. So, there are two things to it. A, of course, you know, earlier Chinese companies were also 
geƫng BIS cerƟﬁcaƟon for the products so that they could be supplied to the Indian market.  But if 
you follow the trend and the way the government has moved around, you know, geƫng BIS 
cerƟﬁcaƟon for Chinese companies has become exceedingly diﬃcult. If now we have to wait and watch 
out whether, you know, the government follows up with that kind of strategy or they open up and they 
are willing to give the BIS to the Chinese companies also. And, of course, in the case if enough 
infrastructure and capaciƟes are not built up, then you can imagine there will be a lot of resistance 
also from the product manufacturers to that, you know, kind of slow down BIS. So, a liƩle bit of wait 
and watch how it goes. But generally, people are building up capaciƟes and we are also looking to, you 
know, build up capaciƟes for motors which are currently being majorly imported with the hope that 
the BIS will open up the Indian market as well 
As so far as lag is concerned, there will be some capacity buildup in India. And then as a precauƟon or 
as a secondary because any supply chain manager for dissolvent have a secondary line of supply so 
that they don't really run into issue in case the BIS is not granted to the Chinese companies. So I expect 
some local buying to add and capaciƟes to be added in India and local buying to start in these 
categories very soon so that there are alternate sources of supplies. But total shiŌ, it could take 3 to 6 
months, know, or maybe a liƩle more also for really capaciƟes to come for total shiŌing. Could be a 
liƩle more because currently, the quanƟty of exports in certain categories extremely high. I had like 
probably 90% of the local demand. So there will be a lag for sure, extent, maybe 6 months to a year or 
something like that. 
Kunal Mehta  
And, sir, in which category do you feel that, Ellin can most beneﬁt when we ask them implemented is 
it the fan or is it the kitchen and home appliances, like, in the start? 
Sanjeev Sethia  
In terms of, see, if you look at the fans, there's sƟll there's a lot of local manufacturing happening. So 
according to me, this category is in case of in terms of motor, washing machine would be one with a 
fairly large market, which is totally more than 90% is imports. AC, IDU, ODU would be the other 
category where there's massive demand, but imports are very high. In appliances and small appliances, 
you know, there's a product by the small new key vendor kind of those products or, you know, motors 
which are used in nebulizers, etc, there you could see your local manufacturing adding up, picking up. 
But the big-Ɵcket categories would be washing machine motors and, aircon motors in our product 
range. 
===== PAGE 18 of 20 =====
17 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Kunal Mehta  
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Sanjeev Sethia  
You're welcome. 
 
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a quesƟon, please press star and one on a telephone keypad. 
The next quesƟon comes from the Runit Kapoor from Invest IR Investments. Please go ahead.  
Runit Kapoor 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So I want to know that a few of larger players are expanding into the 
smaller appliance segment since the demand has been low for the AC segment. So how do you see the 
compeƟƟve intensity coming across? And my second quesƟon is about does the company plan to move 
into larger appliances like, you spoke about washing machine motors. So do you plan to move on to 
washing machines in the near term? 
Mr Akash Sethia  
I'll just answer the ﬁrst quesƟon. Look, you're somewhat right. CompeƟƟve intensity is reasonably high 
already. So to that point, even if a new customer is coming in, it is not easy to displace current supplier 
because there are mulƟple opƟons available to a customer for the same. So anyone coming in has to 
really think deeply in terms of what the USP is for them to get a new customer onboard that's point 
one. Just in terms of your second quesƟon, I'll just hand over to Sanjeev ji. 
Sanjeev Sethia  
Yes. If you see the movement, we've embarked on from small appliances then to medium appliances 
and our general strategy is if in terms of appliances, if a motor is required, we ﬁrst get into motor 
manufacturing, if maybe some of the appliances are one or other types of motors and generally get 
into the product itself. So once we complete these 3, 4 products, which we've spoken about in Bhiwadi 
and then there are a few more which are allied to it, I think the washing machine category or other 
larger appliances would probably be a natural progression for us.  
Runit Kapoor  
Okay, ﬁne. Thank you that's it from us.  
Sanjeev Sethia  
Just to elaborate, let's say, if we start, like, not if when we start air cooler manufacturing, our moulding 
proﬁle, which currently, in general, is up to 400, 450 tonnes of machine to cater to our products, will 
move up to, let's say, about a 1,200-tonne kind of moulding machine to take care of the air coolers. 
Then to add the washing machine category in our range would probably require one or two mould 
holding machines of similar or larger range, and then we will be able to take care of that. So idea 
===== PAGE 19 of 20 =====
18 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
generally build up the infrastructure, which supports manufacturing of medium and larger appliances 
and then add those appliances as a natural progression of our growth story. 
Runit Kapoor  
So apart from washing machine, is there any other product category in large appliance that we're 
looking at?  
 
 
Mr Akash Sethia  
I think we've already idenƟﬁed four categories to start within. Other than that, we've menƟoned about 
washing machines. No other category immediately that we can speak of. There are there are mulƟple 
products that are under evaluaƟon, but we only speak about them once there is a reasonable amount 
of, you know, clarity. 
Runit Kapoor  
Okay. And if when the company starts washing machines, exisƟng CapEx is enough for that or you'll 
have to again go undergo further CapEx? 
Akash Sethia  
No, of course, we’ll have to. I mean, in terms of, look, in terms of space creaƟon CAPEX, we probably 
won’t need much. But in terms of, you know, tools, moulds, maybe some limited machinery, all of that 
will of course have to be incurred.  
Runit Kapoor  
No, I mean the exisƟng manufacturing facility would be enough, right?  
Akash Sethia  
In terms of state, it's yes 
Runit Kapoor  
Okay. Thank you that's it from my side.  
Moderator  
Thank you, sir. As there are no further quesƟons, I now hand over the ﬂoor to management for closing 
comments. 
Kamal Sethia   
Thank you very much. I'm Kamal Sethia. I thank you all for sparing Ɵme for this earning call, and we're 
working hard to scale up our operaƟons in a very strategic way. And so I assure you, in Ɵme to come, 
we are going to deliver as per your expectaƟon. Thank you so much for your Ɵme. 
Moderator 
 
===== PAGE 20 of 20 =====
19 
Elin Electronics Limited  
Q2FY26 Investor Call                     10.11.2025 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call services. You may disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a pleasant day. 
 
 
 
Note:                   1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                             2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 