
===== PAGE 1 of 23 =====
£',`„
May 26, 2026
Nation;I Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
plot NO. cn, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Murnbai - 400 051
Symbol: ELIN
ISIN: INE050401020
YOUR PARTNER
BEYOND  PRODUCTS
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Murnbai -400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
Dear Sirpra'am,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on May 25, 2026.
Pursuant  to  Regulation  30   of  the  SEBI   (Listing  Obligations   &  Disclosure  Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for the
Q4 of the FY2025-26 held on Monday, May 25, 2026.
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
Lata Rani Pawa
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
M. No.: A30540
cs@ehidia.com
Encl: As Above
ELIN  ELECTRONICS LIMITED CIN  : L29304DL1982PLC4Z8372
New Delh]
Registered & Corporate Offlce
4771,  Bharat Ram Road,
23 Daryaganj,
New Delhi-110002
&011-43000400
Ghaziabad
C-142,143,144,144/1,144/2
Bulandshahar Road
Industrial Area,  Site  No.  1
Ghazjabad  (U.P.) -201009
&0120-2701519
Goa
L-84, Vema  Industrial
Estate Verna, Salcete
Goa403722
08326690939
Badd]
Village-Belikhol,
Tehil-Nalagarh,
District:Solan,
Himachal  pradesh-174101
9816036987
Bhlwadl
C-2,  C-3 & C5-C6
Elcina  Manufacturing
Cluster SPL-1,  Salarpur
Industrial Area  Bhiwadi.
District: Alwar
Rajasthan-301019

===== PAGE 2 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
  Elin Electronics Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  Event Date / Time : 25/05/2026, 17:00 Hrs. Event Duration : 54 mins 10 secs   CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  Mr. Kamal Sethia Managing Director  Mr. Akash Sethia Head of Strategies  Mr. Gulshan Singh Sunidhi Securities   Q&A PARTICIPANTS LIST:  1. Kunal Mehta  : Incred Equities 2. Rehan Laljee  : Coheron Wealth 3. Zaki Nasser  : Individual Investor 4. Sahil Doshi  : Thinqwise Wealth Managers LLP 5. Samarth Asho  : Janak Merchant Securities 6. Moksh Ranka  : Aurum Capital 7. Pawan Kuthri  : Kolkata Metal Depot  Moderator 

===== PAGE 3 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Greetings, ladies and gentlemen. I am Akash, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to Elin 
Electronics Limited, Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touch-tone telephone. Please note, this conference is being recorded.  
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Gulshan Singh from Sunidhi Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you sir.  
 
Gulshan Singh 
 
Thank you, sir. Good evening and very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of Sunidhi Securities, I 
welcome you all to Elin Electronics Limited Q4 FY26 earnings conference call. Today, we have with us 
from management represented by Mr. Kamal Sethia, Managing Director; and Mr. Akash Sethia, Head of 
Strategy. We thank Elin Electronics Limited for giving us the opportunity to host the call. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks, post which we 
will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you Akash sir.  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Thank you very much, Gulshan. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Akash Sethia. We also have 
on call today our Managing Director, Mr. Kamal Sethia. Mr. Sanjeev Sethia could not attend the call due 
to some last-moment emergency, so I apologize on his behalf. Thank you for joining our earnings call for 
the fourth quarter and full fiscal year ending March 2026.  
 
Coming to our overall performance for the quarter, operating revenue for the quarter was Rs. 324 crores 
against Rs. 315 crores in the same period last year, up 3% on a YoY basis. Consolidated EBITDA for the 
quarter was INR 6 crores against INR 20.2 crores in the same period last year. This sharp reduction is 
primarily attributed to a sharp surge in raw material costs across categories, driven by disruptions in 
supply chain due to the war in the Middle East and challenging geopolitical situation. This has impacted 
gross margins for the quarter by 390 basis points.  
 
Consolidated loss for the quarter was Rs. 0.8 crores against a profit of Rs. 17.2 crores in the same period 
last year. Our liquidity position remains strong with a net cash balance of INR 70 crores as at March 2026. 
Our working capital position is at net 59 days. Of this, inventory days was higher than anticipated, as we 
had to stock up on raw material inventory in March 2026, to safeguard against potential shortages due 
to the challenging geopolitical situation. Our CapEx in FY26 was at INR 32.5 crores across all our existing 
facilities excluding Bhiwadi. We generated cash from operations of INR 40.6 crores in FY26, against INR 
16.7 crores in FY25.  
Before sharing our segment-wise results, I would like to set out the impact of the war and the challenging 
geopolitical situation that we have faced during the quarter. As you all know, the war has led to a sharp 
===== PAGE 4 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
spike in crude oil prices, which has in turn led to a sharp spike in polymer prices, as well as a sharp 
depreciation in the USD-INR rate. This combined basket constitutes 30% of our input cost leading to a 
sharp spike in our RMC cost. This spike has happened during the month of March 2026. Most of our 
customers are on monthly quarterly price settlement, so this increase in RMC had to be completely 
absorbed by us. 
 
Now, I would like to share with you the performance and strategy in each of our business verticals. In 
lighting, fans and the switch segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR 94 crores against INR 86.3 
crores in the same quarter last year. This was primarily driven by a strong increase in revenue from the 
fan segment. 
 
The LED lighting segment, ex flashlights declined from INR 50 crores last quarter to INR 39.5 crores in the 
current quarter. Price decline is now completely behind us. Small price increases have been undertaken 
with customers. The revenue run rate on a quarter-on-quarter basis is on an improving trajectory. As on 
date, we are serving five new customers in lighting in addition to Signify. We reiterate that we expect 
double-digit growth in our lighting business in fiscal 2027. 
 
Moving on to our fans business, we have seen strong growth of 67% in our fans business on a YoY basis. 
This has primarily been driven by our BLDC ceiling fans and TPW fans business. We are also working on 
diversifying our customer base and adding new customers. We expect this strong growth momentum to 
continue in Q1 as well. Our TPW business is also showing good demand. We are also happy to share that 
our export business of fans, which had stopped in August 2025 due to tariff-related issues, has restarted 
in May 2026, although with small numbers. We expect this to scale up gradually over the course of the 
year.  
 
Moving on to the home appliances segment, revenue increased from INR 87.1 crores last quarter to INR 
94 crores this quarter. Kitchen and home care revenue was flat on a year-on-year basis. This would have 
been a bit higher, but we deferred some orders from March 2026 due to surging raw material costs. 
Personal care segment was up 27% YoY on the back of better demand across hair dryers, sterilizers, and 
hairbrushes.  
 
Moving on to the fractional horsepower motor segment, revenues declined from INR 51 crores in the 
last quarter to INR 45.7 crores in the current quarter. Please note, this segment reflects only third-party 
sales. We will be launching cooler motors and BLDC chimney motors this year, for both third-party sales, 
as well as captive consumption towards finished product.  
 
Overall, the quarter has been very tough from a margin perspective. The spike in RMC and depreciation 
of INR against the USD caused EBITDA margins to compress sharply. Even labour availability was 
somewhat of a challenge in the quarter gone by. Further, you would also have read that minimum wage 
has been revised upwards sharply in Uttar Pradesh resulting in an effective increase of 26% in April versus 
March. This was done on 14th April 2026 with effect from 1st April 2026. All of this combined has resulted 
in an unprecedented situation, where there is pressure on both material and labour, and therefore 
pricing has had to be increased between 10% and 18% just to sustain earlier margins.  
===== PAGE 5 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Given the substantial quantum of increase in material and the sudden unexpected increase in labour 
minimum wage mid-month, we expect that the price transmission to be fully passed on to customers 
only by June 2026. As on the current date, polymer prices have cooled off a bit from highs reached in 
March 2026 although the USD-INR rate continues to stay at elevated levels.  
 
Now, I would like to share our guidance for FY27. We expect a revenue growth of 15% on a year-on-year 
basis. However, on EBITDA, we will be able to share the guidance perhaps only by next quarter as the 
current input cost situation is extremely volatile and difficult to predict. CapEx for the year will be 
between INR 70 crores and INR 75 crores, split as INR 45 crores for the Bhiwadi facility and the balance 
INR 25 crores to INR 30 crores for growth of the existing business and factories. Once the Bhiwadi facility 
is stabilized in two years from starting, this will also help us drive up our return on capital employed. 
 
Regarding construction of the Bhiwadi facility, it is largely complete. We are in the process of fitting out 
the facility with machines and assembly lines over the course of June 2026, after which there will be test 
runs and commercial production starting in the end of July 2026 or the beginning of August 2026.  
 
A quick update on the total project cost. The total project cost is estimated at INR 100 crores. Of this, 
Phase 1 is at INR 67 crores, of which INR 26 crores has been spent and lying in capital work in progress. 
Balance spend of INR 41 crores towards completion of Phase 1 is pending. Due to the slight delayed 
commissioning of the facility, we expect a revenue of INR 80 crores in FY27, against an earlier estimated 
revenue of INR 140 crores in FY27 from Bhiwadi. However, the differential revenue will be done in 
Ghaziabad itself, so there will be no loss of revenue to the company as a whole.  
 
Reiterate that as per current estimates, revenue potential of the plant is INR 550 crores. Further, we 
expect a steady state EBITDA of 7% for the plant which should be achieved in the third year of operations. 
At these levels, ROCE for the plant will be 20%.  
 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you 
would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if 
you have a question, please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad. 
 
The first question comes from the line of Mr. Kunal Mehta from Incred Equities. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
 
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
===== PAGE 6 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Hi. Very good afternoon Akash and Kamal sir. I have been tracking the company since a while and have 
seen the margins being in stress earlier. However, I think this year we saw some good recovery margins, 
but because of the raw material price increase, Q4 took a big hit. So, I think we have revised down our 
revenue guidance and I think margins also will be compressed for this year, as well as the new facility 
ramp up. So how are we gauging the macro environment? Is the demand like quite neutral? How it was 
last year versus this year?  
 
Also, it’s because of the El Nino current effect. So how are we seeing the demand in terms of ACs and 
coolers, which coolers if you are going to launch, as well as, demand for chimneys, which we have been 
starting in the new facility. So is there the demand subdued? Is that the reason we are not ramping it up 
faster? And is there any upside to the current guidance if the situation improves?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So thank you, Kunal. Fair point or fair points that you have raised. I will just take it one by one. So on your 
first point on whether the current scenario, we are seeing some sort of demand compression, look, the 
reason we have revised, slightly revised downward the guidance for fiscal ‘27 is that, like I mentioned, 
we have had to undertake fairly large price increases.  
 
I mentioned in my opening remarks that price increases have been to the tune of as low as 10% to as 
high as 18%. Now, when you have such large price increases, one is not quite sure of how that will affect 
demand itself. And since we are pretty much in the beginning of the year, it is very hard to forecast how 
this will impact revenue for us. So we’ve just been a little bit conservative to start with.  
 
Of course, like you said, if there is a quick resolution of the war, basis which one will see crude price -- 
crude oil prices come down, and then polymer prices especially will come down. The rupee hopefully 
should appreciate a little bit. All of those would have a positive impact on us and there could be some 
sort of upside to our revenue guidance, but those matters frankly are not in our hands. So one will have 
to kind of wait and watch how it pans out, right. We are almost two months into the fiscal 2027. So we 
just wanted to be a little bit conservative -- on the conservative side, rather than giving a very aggressive 
guidance and then cutting it down midway. Does that answer your question?  
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
Yes. Also, one more thing. On the BIS norms which were to be implemented and are due by September 
2026. Is the timeline still the same or is there more relaxation by the government on that?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
So as of now it is still September 2026. Now whether this itself gets relaxed, we do not know yet. Probably 
closer to the date we might have an update, but as of now, it is September 2026. 
Kunal Mehta 
 
===== PAGE 7 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Okay. And will we be having any planned visit for the new Bhiwadi facility once it is commissioned?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Sorry, I did not catch your question. Can you just repeat?  
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
No, will we be having a planned visit for the new Bhiwadi facility?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
We are going to plan that, but that is like I said, we are expecting commercial production only to start by 
end of July or maybe early August. So only once commercial production starts will we be planning that. 
So it is still, maybe two or three months away. So once that is done, we will certainly be planning a visit 
for the financial analyst community at large.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
And I know you mentioned EBITDA, tough to give guidance, but any range if you can give, if it will not be 
below a certain range or not be beyond a certain range?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Kunal, I mean, just allow me this quarter not to give you a range, because we do not want to give you a 
range and then -- it is very, very difficult right now. You would -- if you have been tracking the company 
closely, so you will appreciate that these are unprecedented kind of situations. So just bear with us. 
Maybe by next quarter we will certainly be in a position to give you some sort of update.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
Sure, sir. Thank you. I will fall back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Rehan Laljee from Coheron Wealth. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
 
 
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
===== PAGE 8 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand more on the RMC part. I think you primarily 
are affected by polypropylene prices, and that I think you have purchased from Reliance. Is my 
understanding correct?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
We have -- I mean, you’re understanding that PP we buy from Reliance is correct, but it is not only PP, 
we buy PC, we buy ABS, we buy nylon, we buy PBT. So it is a full range of plastics per se, not only PP.  
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
And what would be the largest component of your raw material?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
I mean, in our entire raw material basket or in our plastic?  
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
No, in your overall basket, what would be the largest drag for this kind of numbers?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
So, look, we have four key raw materials. So there is the whole range of plastics, there is steel, there is 
aluminium and then there is copper. So these are the four kind of key RMC kind of components that we 
do, of which this quarter we have been particularly affected by the whole polymer basket, as well as to 
a large part aluminium. Even aluminium saw a pretty sharp increase. And then our imports are about -- 
of the total consumption that we have, approximately 15% is imported, 85% is kind of. On that 15%, even 
the depreciation of the rupee against the dollar hit us quite hard. 
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
So, Akash, just to understand, would this ideally be a bottom kind of a margin, because at an operating 
level at this scale of INR 1300 ores, INR 1400 crores of top line, it’s very hard to understand how can the 
margins be so fragile for a company that is so large and reputed. So, would it be fair to gauge that this 
would be technically a trough or you expect that even if the RM prices stay as is, you could report further 
EBITDA percentage terms lower, or how would it work going forward? Because let’s assume that the RM 
prices stay as is at the moment, even if you get a price hike, let’s say 90 days from today, because I 
understand it cannot happen overnight, and that’s only fair. But what would be your base understanding 
at a company level? Because the scale is pretty large and the impact can be pretty hard if you are not 
taking the right amount of cost measures in a way.  
Akash Sethia 
 
===== PAGE 9 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
So, to your question, directionally, is this probably towards the lower end? We certainly hope so. We 
certainly think so. Is there a guarantee for the same? Unfortunately, this is business, there are no 
guarantees. That is point number one. Point number two is, if you’ve been following our company, we’ve 
been pretty consistent in terms of how revenue pass-throughs or pricing pass-throughs happen.  
 
So, with about maybe two-thirds of our customers it is on a quarterly basis. So, the pricing of Jan, Feb, 
March, for example, is applicable on the April, May, June price settlement. Therefore, there is a lag of a 
quarter. And on the balance one-third, it is done on a monthly basis. So for example, for the current 
month pricing, we would be relying on last month's average pricing, right. That’s how it works. 
 
Also in my opening remarks, I have been transparent, that because we have seen such large price 
increases. Those full pricing pass-throughs did not happen in the month of April itself. I mentioned that 
we expect the full pricing to happen only by June. So, of that anywhere between 10% to 18% that we’ve 
had to kind of undertake price increases, a large bulk of it has happened in April and May, but some small 
bit still remains to be passed on in June. So only once that transmission is complete, will we be able to 
kind of get back to sustaining margins due to the March price increase. I hope that clarifies your 
questions.  
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
Yes. So, basically you are saying that if you -- once these price increases happen at your customer level, 
you would move back to about a 23%, 24% gross margin. Is that a fair understanding?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
That is right.  
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
And that will be applicable for the June quarter or will it take a Q2 also lag? Will we see the full effect in 
Q2 or Q1?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No, exactly. So, it will be applicable for the month of June. In the month of June we would be at that 24% 
gross margin. But for April and May, it would be lower, because that complete price transmission did not 
happen. What should have logically probably happened immediately in the first week of April did not 
happen. So, Q1 also margins will be under pressure, although it will not be under this kind of pressure, 
but it will still be under pressure overall.  
 
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
===== PAGE 10 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Okay. And considering that you are scaling up your fan business and your lighting business, which are 
technically margin accretive, is it safe to say that if things normalize, and we hope it normalizes faster 
than ever, would we see much better margins at a company level, like about a 6% odd kind of EBITDAs, 
is it possible at only those two segments? I am asking those two segments specific.  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Oh, lighting is probably one of the -- I mean, nothing to do with the war per se, but otherwise lighting 
was under maximum pressure even pre-war. Like I am saying, nothing to do with the war. What has 
happened? That happened due to kind of irrational competition in the sector. What has happened is that 
there was massive price erosion. So, that price erosion is completely behind us now. In fact, in the month 
of Feb itself, it started to undertake small price hikes, and those price hikes will only get slightly larger as 
time goes by.  
 
So, I do expect that maybe currently, if you look at our lighting business just in terms of gross margin, we 
would be on a blended basis as of date, maybe around 15% odd. We expect that to move to 18%, 19%, 
maybe over the course of the next two, two-and-a-half months, maybe three months. 
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
Okay. So, that would automatically also interrupt your gross more than 24 in Q2 onwards?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
I mean, I would not say for now for you to subscribe to more than a 24% value addition or gross margin. 
I think that is what you should assume, because at some level just increasing pricing does have some 
effect on customer demand as well. So, one has to kind of finally balance how much a price hike to take, 
while keeping customer demand fairly robust and active.  
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
And since you guys have been fairly prudent with your working capital, how do you procure your 
inventory? Is it like order-based? Because I am sure your customers give you like a yearly or a quarterly 
or semi-annually outlook of what they want to procure from you. So, considering all that, how do you 
purchase your inventory?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
See, customer orders, typically customers share with us what they call an annual operating plan, to help 
us prepare our resources for the full fiscal ahead, but that is non-binding. What is confirmed is a monthly 
kind of a PO with a quarterly forecast. So, there is a three-month rolling forecast with monthly confirmed 
POs, basis which we do a procurement. I mean, we kind of make a procurement strategy basis.  
 
===== PAGE 11 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
So, it’s a 90-day or procurement strategy?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
90-day with confirmed procurement only 30 days, but -- I mean, even we have to give our kind of 
suppliers some sort of outlook and visibility. So we share the basis, the customer orders that we get. We 
share with our suppliers also, our procurement strategy on a rolling basis, but with confirmed orders only 
for 30 days.  
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
Okay. And the current facility that we have across Ghaziabad, Goa, etc., what would be the capacity 
utilization in percentage term?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
From our existing facilities, we could be somewhere in the 60 or kind of range. So, we are currently at 
whatever, 1,288. I mean, roughly 1,300. I mean, somewhere around the 77%, 78%, 79% kind of.  
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
Okay. And for the new facility which is coming up at Bhiwadi, what kind of -- like, do we need to do more 
hiring or is the hiring done, like labor and everything is organized? Like, is it already in that fix or --  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Sure. So, just in terms of hiring at a white-collar level versus a blue-collar level, I’ll just specify both. So, 
first in terms of employees. So, we have already put in place a basic team, which is like a GM level person 
and for plant maintenance and so on and so forth. Procurement will be centralized within the Ghaziabad 
facility itself, so we don't really expect to deploy more people on the purchase and purchase planning 
side.  
 
In terms of labor, this will be largely via contract. We've formed up the contractors that we will work 
with, but obviously there is no per se labor availability right now. In terms of -- I mean, we've not finalized 
the labor availability. We've given the contractor the heads up, and by August once we start commercial 
production, we expect that there should not be too much of a problem. We are in any case well located 
within a fairly large electronics cluster. So there are multiple other factories that work in the same sphere 
or same line of work. So, it should be okay. 
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
===== PAGE 12 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
And the tentative breakeven for that plant, because I understand it won't be EBITDA positive from day 
one. But at an INR 80 crore top line which you've guided for in FY27, would that be breakeven at the 
plant level alone?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So, EBITDA, we will definitely be positive. PACT would be touch and go. I think the breakeven is closer to 
120, if I'm not wrong, but that also then depends a little bit on the sales mix, right, because certain 
products have a slightly better gross margin, certain have a slightly lower gross margin. So, I can -- we 
can just circle back maybe offline for a more deeper understanding on that.  
 
Rehan Laljee 
 
That would be great. 
 
Akash Sethia  
 
Sure. 
 
Rehan Laljee  
 
Understood. Thank you so much. Thank you for answering my questions. Good luck.  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Sure. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on the 
telephone keypad. I repeat, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
 
The next question comes from the line of Mr. Zaki Nasser an Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Zaki Nasser 
 
Hello.  
 
 
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Yes, sir.  
===== PAGE 13 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Zaki Nasser 
 
Sir, good afternoon and I think it's a decent set of numbers in a tough time. Sir, you have given a guidance 
for a 15% growth in top line for the current year. How would this be divided, sir? I mean, broadly, what 
we do is one-third from lighting, one-third from motors, and one-third from other appliances. Would it 
broadly fall in that kind of a model, sir?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So, the numbers that you have given kind of used to be the norm a little bit earlier, but now the mix has 
somewhat changed. So, firstly, the numbers that you are sharing obviously within the EMS basket or the 
finished goods basket. We have a components business that is approximately 20% of our total top line. 
So, of the total top line 80% is finished goods through EMS and the balance 20% is the components 
business. Of the 80% broadly, there is lighting and fans, there is appliances and then there are motors.  
 
So, lighting and fans and appliances would be the overwhelming majority. As on the end of this fiscal, 
motors is down to approximately 17%, 18% of the total revenue that is and we expect that to kind of 
continue. So lighting and fans and appliances would be the major revenue drivers going forward. 
 
Zaki Nasser  
 
And sir, of course, we are going through a tough period in terms of input prices and stuff like that. But 
during the next two, three years what would be your aspirational EBITDA margins? I think we have done 
a high of 6%, 6.5%. So, would you feel that that is a decent EBITDA margin to expect in the longer term, 
sir?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Aspirational would be higher than that. 6%, 6.5% is definitely achievable. Aspirational would be closer to 
8%, but when I say 8%, I also say that in the context of your question being aspirational. It is not easy to 
do 8% at all. What is realistic is probably 6%, 6.5% in normal times. If you do a phenomenal job, then you 
could get to the 7.5%, 8% mark.  
 
Zaki Nasser 
 
Sir, and how do we compete with China on the finished product? And do you think these kinds of 
products can even be made at lower than these kind of margins by anyone at all, sir?  
 
 
Akash Sethia  
 
===== PAGE 14 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
How do we compete with China? So, there are two, three points. One, of course, the government has 
been supportive of manufacturing by putting in BIS norms, QCO orders, so on and so forth. That is point 
one. Point two, our labor rates are a lot more competitive than China, although their productivity in all 
fairness is much more superior to India. So, I think those are the two important points when it comes to 
China versus India.  
 
Also, now what is happening is the way the rupee is depreciating against the dollar and therefore the 
Yuan, it is not going to be easy to import, because imports continuously keep getting more expensive 
day-by-day. So, I think those are my thoughts when you talk about the whole China angle. And then, 
sorry, you had one more question which I just missed. 
 
Zaki Nasser 
 
I mean, can these goods, what you do, even be sold at the lesser than the current going EBITDA or even 
6%, 6.5%? I don’t think going forward anyone can even supply and stay in the market lesser than this sir, 
at 6%, 6.5% at least.  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Sir, you are asking me a question which is very difficult to answer, because I mean, I cannot really say 
what other people will do or will not do. Competition can be -- you know rational competition is good 
for everyone. Irrational competition is terrible for everyone. We have seen a phase of irrational 
competition in the lighting space. So, can people supply at lower prices? People have done it, so I won’t 
say no. But logically what you are saying is correct, but unfortunately sometimes reality does not always 
work according to logic.  
 
Zaki Nasser 
 
Thank you, sir. Best wishes for the year.  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. Please 
go ahead, sir.  
 
 
 
Sahil Doshi 
 
===== PAGE 15 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Hi, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Just firstly, Akash, just one clarification on the 
employee cost. So, I understand the other raw materials and the environment makes it difficult to 
predict. But at least on the employee cost, if you can guide, given the wage hike what is the normalized 
level and what kind of expense increase should we think for this year?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Look, so far this year, if you have seen the full year, I think we have clocked in an improvement on a full 
year basis of almost 100 business points. I mean, if you look at FY25 versus FY26, so ‘25 we were closer 
to 14% odd or slightly larger, slightly higher. This year we have come in at, I think, closer to 13%, right, 
so that is point one.  
 
Directionally speaking, we wanted to get to sub-12%, closer to 11.5%. That is the number that we are 
working with. Of course, that is driven by some sort of automation that helps you reduce reliance on 
labor and makes you kind of protected from these minimum wage increases. Two is, of course, the base 
itself expanding. So when your turnover in totality goes up, that helps you rationalize, especially your 
costs on the indirect side, because you only incur direct labor. And third is, we are kind of working a little 
bit hard to review our indirect cost structure and see where optimization can be done.  
 
But to your point precisely, so our direct labor costs are off the total employee cost of 13% odd, our 
direct labor cost is approximately between 8.5% and 9% with the balance being indirect. So on that 8.5%, 
9%, which is pretty much the norm across all the three facilities, the minimum wage just for UP has gone 
up by almost 25% or 26%, right. So we are working with customers to get that pricing increase, which we 
expect should be done by June. Once that is done, then not only 13%, but we should be able to get to 
that 12%, 12.5% this year. But of course, like I mentioned, Q1 will be under pressure. So don't look at this 
on an immediate quarter basis, but more from an annual kind of basis.  
 
Sahil Doshi 
 
Sure, this helps. Just secondly in terms of the motor business, though you called out there was some 
impact because of the gas prices, but you know the entire year, QoQ we've seen the growth has been 
fairly muted, and if you see we think of Elin, the core strength is motors. So what's really transpiring 
here? Strategically what do we think about this? And given where the Chinese Yuan is depreciating, I 
mean, the INR is depreciating around 16% odd versus Chinese, doesn't it make more sense or make us 
more competitive actually?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Look, Sahil, what you're saying is completely logical, but somehow China continues to keep surprising us 
with their pricing. We are not really able to logically work out how it is that they go on kind of offering 
lower rates to grab business. So Chinese pricing is somewhat of a mystery, I think, definitely to us and a 
lot of other Indian industry at large. 
 
===== PAGE 16 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Two, just in terms of your overall question on motors, I think look, you know the market is shifting more 
towards being or looking at a solution provider in totality. So what we have seen is that earlier customers 
were just buying, for example, just motors from us, you know talking to us in terms of getting the full 
solution. So instead of just supplying a fan motor per se, they are talking of getting the full fan. Similarly, 
on the mixer grinder side, the same thing.  
 
Of course, a little bit of it was impacted due to the war, because a lot of these plants run gas-fired shops. 
And because of the gas availability, a lot of them had to take some sort of shutdown in March. So there 
was some sort of impact temporarily, although that is now resolved. So these are my thoughts. I mean, I 
don't know if that completely answers your question or no. Over to you.  
 
Sahil Doshi 
 
Sure. I mean, just clarifying on the motor again, meaning, (a) if you're doing a system integration or a 
complete value-added, essentially, structurally, our value addition or the gross margin should improve. 
So it has to be captured somewhere in the system. If you're not selling motors, you are selling a solution, 
that should somewhere reflect in that. So (a) I just wanted to get a clarity on that.  
 
And second, again with motors, I think we were trying to make some inroads into the AC sector motors 
and as well as refrigeration motors -- or sorry, washing machine motors. So if you can talk a little on those 
aspects as well. 
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Look, what typically happens is, let me give you an example of a mixer grinder product, right. So what 
happens is that once you hit, you know anyone who is just doing assembly, buying motors from us, so 
assembly is obviously a lower value addition activity. Manufacturing of motors is a slightly better 
manufacturing activity -- I mean, value addition activity.  
 
So once you hit some sort of critical mass in terms of getting, some good, decent numbers for the FG 
assembly, typically, every person will look at going in-house. I mean, that is how the industry is, is kind 
of transpiring, because motors is a slightly -- not a slightly, a reasonably better value addition product, 
right, that is one. That is why I said that most customers are looking at complete kind of solutions, where 
you supply the finished good itself rather than just the component, right.  
 
To your second question on washing machine motors, like I mentioned, we are regularly in touch with, 
with our potential customers, I would say, for washing machines. Unfortunately, you know like I said, 
China's further kind of reduced its price to accommodate on the foreign exchange rate. So how they work 
out their pricing, like I said, is a bit of a mystery to me. Right now we will again try and go back to the 
drawing board and see what we can do. And we can of course connect offline to discuss this in even more 
detail.  
 
Sahil Doshi  
===== PAGE 17 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Sure. And just a final question in terms of guidance. You know, if you are saying 15% growth, essentially 
that is taken care by the price hike itself, right. So this doesn't -- this seems to be a little conservative 
given the new capacity expansion as well. And secondly, on the working capital as well, I think we used 
to guide for 45 days. It seems to have been gone to the 50 band. So why is that sir?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So two things. One is, you are right that we have given a bit of a conservative guidance. There are two 
points. One is, a sharp increase in pricing does cause some sort of demand destruction, typically. Now, 
whether that happens or not is yet to be seen. We don't know, because the basket that we operate in is 
largely discretionary, right. We don't really operate in the necessity of the staples basket. We operate in 
a discretionary basket. People can live without the products that we manufacture. So those purchases 
kind of tend to get deferred when prices go up, that's point one.  
 
Point two is, we hopefully don't expect this sort of war situation to last for the full fiscal, otherwise we'll 
have a different set of problems to deal with. So I do expect that at some point things will get resolved, 
pricing will come down. So then one will also have to work with some sort of volume growth to meet our 
new targets. But we've consciously given somewhat of a conservative kind of guidance. We would be 
very happy if in Q2 or Q3 we kind of are in a position to increase that.  
 
Sahil Doshi 
 
Perfect. And just on the working capital?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So working capital, again, I mean, this is just being prudent. The target is to stay at 45 or even lower. But 
currently the situation is so volatile that we are just working with -- consciously working with higher 
inventory, higher procurement of Class A, Class B and even Class C items. So in times like this, it's just 
important to align your investor partners with what you're doing. So we've just kind of given you a heads 
up. Of course, once the situation kind of normalizes, we will endeavour to get to the lower end of that 
band and even probably lower than that.  
 
Sahil Doshi 
 
Perfect. Thank you so much. I’ll just come back in the queue. Thanks.  
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from [[ Mr. Samarth Ashok ]] from Janak Merchant 
Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
===== PAGE 18 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
Hello, Akash. Am I audible?  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
Yes, sir, you are.  
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
So earlier, a part of Elin's business was priced in such a way that we used to get the value add of the raw 
material, and we used to benefit in the inflationary trend. So, do we still have that business or we are 
completely vacated out of that kind of pricing now?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No, no. Sir, we have that business, but see, typically what happens is that inflation in small doses over a 
sustained period of time is what is typically acceptable to customers. When pricing overnight, in one 
month or even two or three months goes up by double digit, that gets very, very difficult to absorb. 
Because customers -- I mean, our end customers typically cannot or do not tinker with MRP on a very 
regular basis. And this is -- this kind of inflation is also led by a supply side shock. 
 
One logically keeps hoping and anticipating that there will be some end to this war, after which prices 
will suddenly cool off. I mean, िजतनी जİʗ बढ़ा था उतने ही जİʗ जाएगा, the anticipation. Now, whether 
that happens or no, I don’t know, but those are just some thoughts as to why this kind of supply shock 
led inflation is not good. But inflation in, probably, steady doses and over a regular period of time is good 
for us. I hope that that clarifies.  
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
Got it. Sir, second question is on the -- if I do a consol minus standalone, so the buddy entity, which is 
basically the part of Elin Appliances, it has reported an all-time low gross margin of 12.7%, and it is making 
a slight EBITDA loss also. So, this entity, the gross margins have been continuously falling down for the 
last four, five years, while the operating costs have increased. So, what are the issues? Is it because of 
product mix or the cost in general have increased over here? Means, what are the issues?  
 
 
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No. So, there are you know -- so one is, do not look at just that entity, because sometimes what happens 
is, sometimes billing happens in the standalone -- I mean, the Elin Electronics Limited, sometimes it 
===== PAGE 19 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
happens in Elin Appliances Private Limited. So, customers kind of keep picking and choosing, sometimes, 
and I’m not saying all the time. So, one is that.  
 
Two is, you are right, that some part of the business has kind of -- I mean, kind of gone through a 
challenging phase that is housed in Elin Appliances Private Limited. We are working on getting that 
business correctly repriced. Hopefully, that should happen in maybe maximum two quarters. As and 
when this happens, we will get in touch with you and let, but that will also ultimately reflect in the 
numbers itself.  
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
Do we want to run this, means after moving some part production to Ghaziabad, which you are going to 
do and with the new Bhiwadi campus, do we need to continue to run this particular plant, because there 
are no excise benefits also now?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Some are taxed and you know regulated –  
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
No, so this is a target for that purpose, so that is why. [Indiscernible 00:47:04]  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Sorry, can you just repeat your question? Then I’ll just answer. 
 
Samarth Ashok 
 
So, with the expansion that we are doing in Ghaziabad, where we are shifting some of the mixer 
production and the expansion in Bhiwadi, in longer run do we intend to run the Bhiwadi plant? I mean, 
does it make a strategic sense?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
Look, there is a lot of capital investment that has already been incurred and is sitting there. So, I honestly 
don’t -- I mean, there is certainly no planning on an immediate basis to shut that down or something. 
One will obviously have to wait and watch. You are right that, there is no benefit from running that plant 
currently, that I accept, but there is a full ecosystem, there is infrastructure there that is frankly costly 
and I don’t even know if it is practical to just replicate here and there. So, there is no immediate plan in 
terms of relocating that entire facility zone I will say. 
 
Samarth Ashok 
===== PAGE 20 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Got it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Moksh Ranka 
 
Hello, sir. Can you guide me regarding any recent management changes in the company and provide 
some colour regarding that?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So, I mean, the last news that we had shared, which is when it happened was that our erstwhile CEO had 
resigned. So, that was, I think, the only senior management change, but nothing per se otherwise.  
 
Moksh Ranka 
 
Okay. So, do we have a new CEO in place of him and any reason for this sudden departure?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No. I mean, no known reason to me. What was known is what was disclosed. He found a better 
opportunity, he moved on. That is what we know. And we don’t intend to get a new CEO. For us, what 
we realized is it’s probably better to work with kind of individual business heads and slightly one level 
below CEO people. So, we will not be getting a CEO in the near future.  
 
Moksh Ranka 
 
Okay. Got it.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. I repeat, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
 
We have a follow-up question from Mr. Kunal Mehta from Incred Equities. Please go ahead, sir.  
Kunal Mehta  
 
Yeah. Hi, Akash, just one question. Now that Praveen sir has moved on and I think there was mentioned 
that he was focusing a lot on the procurement side and now procurement being difficult. So, who in Elin 
===== PAGE 21 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
is now responsible for procurement? Have we hired someone internally or do we have like a team in 
place, like a business head for procurement?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No. So when, obviously -- so point one is, look, there is no one single person who can do a full company's 
work. So, there is a person -- I mean, Praveen ji used to oversee that function, and currently that function 
is now being overseen by one of the family people. But there is a full team in place. There always was 
before. We had made certain tweaks to that. There is a full team even now that is there and is reasonably 
effectively doing their work and discharging their duty.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
 
Okay. Yeah, I think that is the one question. Thanks.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of [[ Mr. Pawan Kuthri ]] from Kolkata 
Metal Depot. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
Pawan Kuthri  
 
Hello, sir. I wanted to ask, do you have any program to, or plans in the future to launch any setups under 
your own brand?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
No, sir. We don’t have our own brand. We do not intend to launch any products in our own brand.  
 
Pawan Kuthri  
 
And by when do we expect this new facility to be fully operational and start generating positive cash 
flow?  
 
Akash Sethia 
 
It will be operational by, like I said, commercial production should begin latest by August 2026. 
 
 
Pawan Kuthri  
 
And like, how much time will it take to like reach 70%, 80% of the plant capacity, the new additional 
facility?  
===== PAGE 22 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
 
Akash Sethia 
 
So, look, the revenue potential of the plant is probably INR 550 crores. Probably to get to 80%, it might 
take four or five years -- four years maybe.  
 
Pawan Kuthri  
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
 
Pawan, sir?.  
 
Pawan Kuthri  
 
Yeah, thank you. I got it.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, sir.  
 
Akash Sethia  
 
In the interest of time, we can -- maybe if there are any further questions, we can just take one or two 
and then wrap up.  
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and one on your telephone keypad. 
There are no further questions, sir. Now, I hand over the floor to the management for closing comments.  
 
Kamal Sethia 
 
Yeah, this is Kamal Sethia. Thank you for your time. There has been challenging time we've been going 
through in the last quarter or so, but we have started the process of our mitigation through remedial 
processes which is ongoing, and all the departments are engaged in that. So, we hope for improvement 
in the coming quarter. Of course, the geopolitical situation easing out would help us much more. So, 
thank you so much for your time and attending the call. Thank you.  
Moderator 
 
===== PAGE 23 of 23 =====
Elin Electronics Ltd 
Q4 FY26 Investor Call  25.05.2026  
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a pleasant evening! 
 
 
 
Note:  1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
  2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 