
===== PAGE 1 of 21 =====
Add. 1 : C – 5, 6 & 7, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Selaqui, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India-248011 
Add. 2 : Plot No. A1-A2, D6-D7-D8, Elcina Electronics Manufacturing Cluster, Industrial Area, Salarpur, Bhiwadi, 
        Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 
Add. 3 : Electronic Manufacturing Cluster, EMC Road, 850, EMC-1st Avenue, Sri City, Cherivi, Sathyavedu Mandal, 
  Sri City, Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh-517646 
W
o
r
k
s 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
July 25, 2025 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544095 Symbol: EPACK 
ISIN: INE0G5901015 ISIN: INE0G5901015 
S
ub: Transcript of the Investors ’ Conference Call on the Standalone and Consolidated 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
D
ear Sir/Ma’am, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III thereto, please �ind enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Investors ’ Conference Call on the Standalone and Consolidated 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, held on July 21, 2025. 
A
 copy of same shall also be posted on the website of the Company i.e. www.epackdurable.com 
W
e request you to kindly take this on your record and oblige. 
T
hanking You 
F
or EPACK Durable Limited 
Jy
oti Verma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Of�icer 
Enc
l. as above 
===== PAGE 2 of 21 =====
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“EPACK Durable Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
    
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BAJRANG BOTHRA– CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR – EPACK DURABLE LIMITED 
 MR. AJAY DD SINGHANIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EPACK DURABLE 
LIMITED 
 MR. RAJESH KUMAR MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – EPACK DURABLE LIMITED 
 MR. NARAYAN LODHA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – EPACK 
DURABLE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the EPACK Durable's Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors for the 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Bhoomika Nair: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome  to the Q1 FY '26 earnings 
call of EPACK Durable. We have the management being represented by Mr. Bajrang Bothra, 
Chairman and Whole Time Director. At this point, I'll hand over the floor to him , and he'll 
introduce the rest of the management and take the call forward. Thank you very much, sir, and 
over to you. 
Bajrang Bothra: Thank you, Bhoomika. Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone. I am Bajrang 
Bothra, Chairman of EPACK Durable Limited, and I warmly welcome you all to our Q1 FY '26 
earnings conference call. The Board of Directors approved our Q1 FY '26 results on July 19, and 
I trust you have all had the opportunity to review them. 
 As many of you know, EPACK Durable is India's one of the largest ODM for room air 
conditioners. We are steadfastl y executing our strategy to diversify beyond our core room air 
conditioners business into higher growth, more profitable categories, namely small domestic 
appliances and large domestic appliances, namely washing machines and air coolers and 
components. 
 Joining me on today's call are Mr. Ajay DD Singhania, our Managing Director and CEO; Mr. 
Rajesh Kumar Mittal, our Chief Financial Officer, EPACK Durable; and Mr. Narayan Lodha, 
Executive Director and Group CFO, EPACK Group. They will take you through the det ails of 
our operational and financial performance for the quarter. 
 Thank you. With that, I now hand it over to Sri. Rajesh Mittal, our CFO, to take you through our 
key financial highlights for Q1 FY '26. Thank you very much. 
Rajesh Mittal: Thank you, sir. Welcome to our earnings conference call of the first quarter of financial year  
2026. Let me first thank you, our host of today's earnings call, that is DAM Capital. Now let me 
give you some of the key financial highlights for the quarter ended and the period under review. 
For the first quarter under review, revenue from operations stood at INR662 crores, climbed by 
14% on a year-on-year basis.  
EBITDA was around INR55 crores which increased by around 6% on a year-on-year basis with 
EBITDA margin reported at 8.24%, which expanded by 156 basis points on a year-on-year basis. 
The net profit was around INR23 crores, which declined by 2% on a year-on -year basis. 
===== PAGE 4 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
However, net profit margin expanded by 43 basis points to 3.46%, reflecting better qua lity of 
earnings and disciplined execution even in a challenging environment. 
 Now I would request our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Ajay DD Singhania, to brief you on 
the operational highlights. Over to you, sir. 
Ajay DD Singhania: Thank you, Rajesh ji. And once again, good morning, everyone. The first quarter was a bit 
subdued due to headwinds in the market, primarily driven by unseasonal rains and surplus 
finished goods inventory in the industry carried over from Q4 FY '25. Despite these external 
challenges, we delivered a resilient performance. 
 We continue to strengthen our core business fundamentals and added 14 new customers during 
this quarter with supplies already commenced to 3 of them.  Additionally, a more optimized 
product mix contributed to improved EBITDA margins and stronger profitability on a year-on-
year basis. From a segmental perspective, our RAC business witnessed a 34% decline year-on-
year, mainly due to suboptimal seasonal demand, reflecting broader market challenges.  
 However, other segments demonstrated stronger momentum. The SDA segment grew by 16% 
on a year-on- year basis, led by healthy order inflows across both existing and new products, 
particularly with encouraging preseason demand for air fryers. 
 Our Components segment delivered standout growth of 5% to 6% year-on-year, supported by a 
solid order pipeline for PCBs, copper parts, plastic molded components. Our large domestic 
appliances segment reported a 29% year-on- year growth, driven by our continued focus on 
expanding custome r base. Notably, our product business contributed 77% of total operating 
revenue during the quarter, reaffirming customer confidence in our core offerings and 
highlighting strong market adoption. 
 In line with our strategy to scale and diversify, we also took a significant step in broadening our 
Components segment. During the quarter, we entered the energy meter sector by supplying 
critical components marking our entry beyond the consumer durable space. This diversification 
is a deliberate move to reduce concentration risk and position ourselves in adjacent high-growth 
industries. We see this as a long -term growth lever that strengthens our portfolio and opens up 
new opportunities across sectors. 
 We remain committed to long-term value creation through strat egic capital investments aimed 
at expanding capacity and supporting our diversified growth road map. By end of Q1 FY '26, 
we made steady progress across multiple key locations. We incurred approximately INR50 
crores of capex  in Q1 FY '26, primarily directe d towards capacity expansion and equipment 
installations for our washing machine line, component segment at sricity . 
 Additionally, investments were made in civil and infrastructure works at our joint venture 
facility, the wholly owned subsidiary for Hisense and our new greenfield plant in Bhiwadi. These 
investments, along with the upcoming Sri City facility for Hisense,  growing customer 
engagement through new RFQs for the coming season and continued expansion of our product 
portfolio positions us well for the future. 
===== PAGE 5 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 With a strong foundation in place and focused execution, we remain confident in achieving our 
full year targets and sustaining healthy revenue growth going forward. With this, we now open 
the floor for Q&A session. 
Moderator: The first question comes from the line of Vishal Dudhwala from Trinetra Asset Management.  
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Dudhwala: So, I have a couple of questions. My first question is, now that EPAVO is supplying BLDC 
motors, what bump in revenue and margin do you expect versus buying motors from outside? 
And how quickly will you see cost benefit once the plant is running at full speed? 
Ajay DD Singhania: In terms of our new greenfield plant coming up at Bhiwadi for EPAVO, the JV facility, like we 
shared in our earlier con call, we are putting up a capacity of 3 million motors, BLDC motors, 
which is almost 10% of the total India market demand.  So, with this kind of capacity, we look 
forward to strong margins and revenue growth both in the subsequent years.  
The current year being first  year, we will focus more on ramping up the capacity, getting the 
approvals from the customers and also utilizing both for our captive requirement EPACK 
Durable as well as servicing the other clients in the market. 
Vishal Dudhwala: And my second question is on the macro side. Like how do you see overall RAC industry 
demand shaping up this year, especially wi th the shift to inverter and R32 models and pending 
Ecodesign regulation, how EPACK positions its product mix? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So, like we have seen a temporary slowdown in Q1 FY '26, primarily due to unseasonal rains 
that have impacted secondary sales, especially for air conditioners, however, this appears to have 
been a short -term disruption. The overall growth story for air  conditioning still remains 
extremely strong. And the kind of RF Qs, which are floating in the market, primarily with the 
upcoming revision in BEE, the new lineup of products is ready at EPACK.  
We will offer a complete range of products starting from 0.9 tons to 2 tons  and beyond, for all 
our clients, both inverter and fixed speed. Obviously, with the change in BEE, fixed speed seems 
to be a more challenging product, and we see a continued growth for the Inverter segment. 
Inverter has already been increasing year-on-year, now almost contributing more than 80%, 85% 
of the overall AC sales, and we see that inverter will further grow in the market. 
So definitely, inverter is the next thing. And R32 is already in use in India since last 4, 5 years, 
and it continues to be a green gas and remains to be used. So, there's no alternate refrigerant, 
which is currently used in the India market. 
Vishal Dudhwala:  Okay, got your point. That's it from my end. I will wait in the queue for the further questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI.  Please go 
ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, 2, 3 questions from my side. One, how was the industry 
growth and at least what -- in June quarter, and we heard the growth has recovered to some 
===== PAGE 6 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
extent in June and maybe slightly in July also. So, is that a fair understanding or do you see there 
is no recovery in sight? That is question one. 
 Question two, what would be the inventory in the market higher than the normal inventory of 
RAC. Also, lastly, in terms of -- actually, there is no reason -- there was no reason for the brands 
to buy out the air conditioner considering there was excess inventory at the March end. So we 
see EPACK has done really well. So has EPACK gained market shares or it would have grown 
with the market? Yes, these are the 3 questions. 
Ajay DD Singhania: Thanks, Aniruddha. First of all, like you shared, yes, the industry growth was challenging in Q1, 
especially April and May, there was substantial loss of sales and revenue for all the brands. The 
channel inventory was at its peak beginning of June. However, June wi tnessed the channel 
inventories being liquidated largely. And now we see a situation wherein the inventories are 
normalizing. The secondary sales happened in June month and then currently continuing. 
 So definitely, the inventories are slightly higher, but  still manageable and quite close to the 
normal levels, especially now with the revision coming up, the brands are focusing more on 
creating the lineup for the next season. So,  I mean, it's not an alarming situation anymore the 
way it was beginning of June.  
So currently, yes, there was some overhang of inventory, but now it's largely liquidated and 
mostly at a normalized level. In terms of the third question around the market, so inventory 
market -- inventory, so currently it's largely normalized.  Sorry Aniruddha, you had a third 
question as well? 
Aniruddha Joshi: The third question is, have we gained market share in the EMS sector in June quarter? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So, like we have been maintaining, EPACK definitely aspires to outgrow the market wherever 
possible, so our objective has been to recover the lost customers or the customers with whom 
we -- to increase our wallet share with almost all the customers. And in the efforts, going 
forward, the RFQs are very strong. Past quarter, yes, we performed, but it would be difficult to 
say that if we have taken away any share from any competitor. But yes, we continue to grow and 
deliver the best quality products. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay. Sure, sir. Lastly, sir, if  you can quantify in terms of what was the RAC market in June 
this quarter versus last year June quarter? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So the June numbers in terms of secondary sale is still not available. Basis the number available 
for April and May, it seems the market degrew largely up to almost to the extent of 30%, 35%. 
So that was the kind of degrowth the market had and the inventory overflow got liquidated in 
June. So overall, we believe that Q1, the market -- overall AC market degrew probably between 
-- anywhere between 30% to 35%. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay, sure, sir. Thanks for the questions, very helpful. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raj Sarraf from Finvestors.  Please go 
ahead. 
===== PAGE 7 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Raj Sarraf: Sir, first of all, I have 2 questions. Like do you see any major recovery in the RAC segment in 
this financial year, keeping in view all this -- and the second is what is the margin mix of RAC 
and the rest of the segments we have, which is estimated -- we estimate it to have our rest of the 
segment by 15% for FY 2026. So these are the questions, sir. 
Ajay DD Singhania: See, as we have been discussing, definitely, there was a softened demand in Q1 due to unseasonal 
weather. However, like I've been sharing with evolving EE standards, the current trend shows a 
healthy rebound in channel pull -through as inventories align. The RAC market for FY '26 is 
expected to be still a growth. 
 So definitely, FY '26, we will still see growth and a strong demand is what most of the brands 
and customers are still expecting with this story -- with the tailwind still being strong on a long-
term basis. So the market is definitely destined to grow overall for FY '26.  So that's the kind of 
outlook we are working on and everybody is expecting in the market. 
 And in terms of the margin mix, we remain firmly on track to deliver strong financial 
performance, targeting at an EBITDA margin of 7.5%. And in terms of the margin mix, between 
the different segments, yes, as we diversify into other segments, especially components and LDA 
and SDA, that definitely  helps us achieve better overall gross margins as well as EBITDA 
margins. So the margins in the other segments are comparatively better as compared to the aircon 
margins. 
Raj Sarraf: Okay. Sir, any ballpark number we are estimating in such segments? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So like I shared, we are targeting an EBITDA margin of 7.5% plus in FY '26 with a medium -
term ambition of almost close to 8%. So alongside this margin expansion, our margin 
improvement strategy is built on the 3 levers like to continue to diversify and grow our portfolio 
of air conditioning alongside definitely growing the small domestic appliances as well as the 
large domestic appliances and the component business. 
Raj Sarraf: Okay. And the last one, s ir, now we see that there is a subdued demand in the Q1 from RAC 
segment. So how can we take FY '26 going forward? Any ballpark number for the whole year 
at consol level, if you can give? 
Ajay DD Singhania: See, like I shared, the market is definitely expe cted to outgrow FY '25 overall despite the 
slowdown in Q1. So Q1, there was a degrowth, but overall, the annualized numbers for the 
market still seem to be positive and the market might see a growth of anywhere between, let's 
say, 10% to 15% kind of growth is what is expected still from the market.  
And overall, the long-term story still of  20% plus kind of growth over the next 4 to 5 years is 
what the AC industry has been looking out for. So, with that kind of a number, EPACK definitely 
believes that we will outgrow the market. 
Raj Sarraf:  Thank you, very much and good luck, for the rest of the year. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deepali Bansal from Ventura Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 8 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Deepali Bansal: My first question is, could you explain the whole company structure now as we are getting -- as 
we are growing actually, we are taking over, and Hisense is going on, Sri City old expansion is 
going on. Would you be able to explain the whole structure now, like where washing machines 
are produced or AC is produced, what is the capacity utilization?  
What's the time line we're looking at for Hisense or maybe EPAVO or maybe a new organization 
that we have just started Bumjin, what are we expecting from that? And the Energy Meter sector, 
which is mentioned in your PPT that you recently entered into that segment, what's the revenue 
potential from all these new segments that we have entered into now? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes, the overall structure for EPACK Durable Limited is that currently we have 4 associate 
companies, 2 of them being the wholly - owned subsidiary, namely EPACK Manufacturing, 
which is a dedicated facility for Hisense. Therein, like we have shared earlier, the lines for AC 
are being set up. The construction is ongoing in full swing. And currently, the lines are being set 
up and the production ramp-up is expected to start from end of Q3 and then mass production 
from Q4 onwards.  
So that's largely the Hisense plant for the OEM product, whereas the Hisense ODM production 
already commenced from end of March, and that is an ongoing thing for air conditions. And 
current quarter, we are also seeing a ramp-up in washing machines for Hisense. So that's largely 
about the Hisense.  So, the first subsidiary is a wholly owned subsidiary, largely to make 
committed products for Hisense.  
The second subsidiary, which was recently formed is called Bumjin Audio Components. So 
that's a new segment EPACK is looking to enter into audio products and components. So that's 
a company, which is just being registered and the business plan is getting firmed up. The third 
company, which is a joint venture company with R RWL, EPAVO is the greenfield facility in 
Bhiwadi is now complete and trial production already started from the beginning of this month 
and then ramp-up of production will start towards the end of Q2. 
 So therein, like I shared earlier, we're looking at setting up capacities for almost 3 million plus 
motors and then increase further. So that's about the third JV. And a fourth company, which 
EPACK recently formed is an overseas subsidiary, which has been formed to explore 
opportunities outside of India, especially the Middle East and African market. So that's a more 
aspirational kind of outlook, which the company has taken to start exploring growth in the export 
business for both air condition and other appliances. 
Deepali Bansal: Okay. So the supply of Energy Meter things that we have just recently started, what are the... 
Ajay DD Singhania: So that's -- Energy Meter busin ess is part of growth in the component business. So in 
components, we are looking --  or rather we are not just producing components for air 
conditioners, we are also producing components like plastic molded parts, heat exchangers, 
motors for other allied industries like washing machines, refrigerators, energy meters. So that's 
one of the segment. 
Deepali Bansal: So, this is an entirely different product or it's just a substitute or some additional research has 
been done on some products and then we have entered into this product? 
===== PAGE 9 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: So this is one allied industry we can say, for which definitely there's an offset in seasonality or 
rather we have a more uniform annual demand. So especially in component business, we are 
looking to acquire or looking to enter into a lot of other areas besides the core appliances business 
like energy meters or going for maybe like automobiles and also, so those are the components 
that the team is working on to further develop and create a uniform revenue stream for -- on an 
annualized basis. 
Deepali Bansal: Okay. In one of your recent interviews online, you mentioned that you are still looking at a 
growth of 30% to 35% top line and maintaining bottom line. Are we still on track to maintain 
that? Or is there some changes that you expect that can happen this year? 
Ajay DD Singhania: On a long-term basis, yes, we see a strong positive outlook and demand besides air conditions, 
the company's overall strategy to diversify into other segments like components and small 
domestic appliances, which has delivered results in the last quarter, we see  -- and we firmly 
believe that our overall outlook for the year remains intact, and we will definitely deliver the 
kind of results we promised in the beginning of the year. 
Deepali Bansal: So ballpark figure, as we talk about, let's say, next 5, 7 years, can we do, let's say, INR10,000 
crores sales when Hisense and everything is achieved and up and running? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So that would be rather a very long-term picture to look at. And -- but the management and the 
team is quite confident and definitely working to deliver results in line with the overall guidelines 
we had shared earlier. 
Deepali Bansal: All right, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question co mes from the line of Arshia Khosla from Nirmal Bang 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Arshia Khosla: Sir, I just want to understand on the margin side. I mean we've expanded our margins, so what's 
the sustainability on these margins? And any new clients that we've added in the SDA and LDA 
part of the business? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So Arshia, in terms of margins, like we shared, the margin improvement is largely driven by the 
product mix. So as we can see compared to the Q1 of previous financial year, our overall revenue 
from other areas of diversification, especially the component business has grown substantially 
and phenomenally. So wherein the margins are comparatively better.  
So that is one thing, which is resulting in a better overall margin. In te rms of new clients, like I 
shared, we have added close to 14 new clients in the Q1 of this year, from which 3 clients, the 
supplies have already commenced. And almost all of the clients are for the small domestic 
appliances and the components business. 
Arshia Khosla: Okay. That's helpful. And for the full year, are we guiding some EBITDA margin or we maintain 
the previous guidance? 
===== PAGE 10 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: So, in terms of EBITDA margin, we are still targeting an EBITDA margin of 7.5% plus in FY 
'26 with a medium-term ambition of achieving 8%. 
Arshia Khosla: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you.  We take the next question from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital 
Advisors Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: Sir, I just wanted to actually just touch upon the RAC bit a little more to understand. You spoke 
about broadly the year still seeing some growth of about 10- odd percent or maybe more 
depending on how things pan out. 
 Now given that 1Q has been fairly weak and inventories still remain in the system, do you think 
that 3Q, 4Q will be able to make up for the decline because 2Q will also likely see a decline on 
the high base of last year. So, in your opinion, do you think that RAC segment revenues will 
actually grow for the full year and see that kind of traction versus the second half of last year? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So Bhoomika, yes, definitely, Q1, the market degrowth and the spillover to Q2 will impact the 
first half of the year. But with the BEE revision --  upcoming revision and the higher energy 
efficiency norms coming in, most of the brands are aligning production to begin with somewhere 
around end of September or October 
 And start ramping up capacities and start ramping up inventories in the channel for the upcoming 
new season. So we see an early -- I mean, we believe that there will be an early start of season 
and Q3, Q4 should definitely see most of the production for the next year being done in advance. 
Bhoomika Nair: Okay. And currently, are you seeing orders coming through or right now for 2Q, they are pretty 
much slightly on the weaker side given the inventory? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So generally, the industry works on a system wherein 2Q is used largely to create RFQs and the 
outlook for the next season. And hence, generally, this is --  the next 4 to 6 weeks are a time 
wherein the RFQs get floated, the orders get closed and the commercials get closed. So this is 
more of a period wherein the order book for the Q3 and Q4 are being decided. So I mean, last 
year was an exceptional year where w e saw the production still continuing in Q2, but Q2, it 
generally remains muted. 
Bhoomika Nair: Sure, sir. Sir, the other thing was we spoke about 14 customers. This would be across, which 
segments that you would have seen because SDA also exists. So it would be largely across both 
the segments? Or if you could give some split of what was the new client addition in RAC versus 
SDA? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So a detailed customers, LDA, SDA and component -wise are mentioned in the company's 
presentations uploaded. S o out of the 14 customers, 8 of them were for the small domestic 
appliances and 4 of them for the -- especially for the washing machine business and then 3 of 
them for the components. 
===== PAGE 11 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Bhoomika Nair: Got it, sir. Perfect. Sir, in terms of components, if I look at it, we've seen a significant ramp -up 
in the current quarter from, as you mentioned in the press release, from Panasonic, Daikin, 
etcetera, that we are supplying. That's been a very sharp ramp -up that we've seen. If you can 
elaborate any specific components that we're giving to them? 
 And how do you expect this scale up to kind of continue? Because while brands are putting up 
their own plant, they continue to source components from EMS players like us. So how large 
can this opportunity size become for us in the next couple of years? And what are you looking 
at? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Bhoomika, especially components is one area where, like you shared, the brands continue to 
outsource and don't make most of the components in-house. And like I shared earlier, 
components business, we are not just looking at the A C components, we are also looking at 
components outside of air conditions like energy meters, we shared. Then, washing machines, 
air conditions, refrigerators and then a lot of commercial applications, especially like cold rooms 
and data centers, wherein large commercial air conditioning projects are getting delivered. 
 So there are a lot of areas where we see components being sourced and the market shifting from 
imports to domestic. So definitely a hig h-growth area. And over the next 3 to 4 years, we see 
component business growing multifold. 
Bhoomika Nair: Understood, sir. So here, the Energy Meters, we are only supplying the PCB, not the box, right, 
entirely? 
Ajay DD Singhania: It's largely enclosures. 
Bhoomika Nair: Okay. Understood. Understood. And sir, the other thing was that on SDA, there's been this whole 
BIS-led related changes, and that's why we're seeing a lot of localization, etcetera. What is the 
overall TAM for our products and that we could possibly cater to over the next couple of years? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So in terms of small domestic appliances, the QCO has led to a lot of the import restrictions or 
the BIS not being given to the overseas suppliers has led to a wave of products getting 
manufactured in India. And at EPACK, we are looking at some of the larger SKUs like air fryers 
and coffee makers and vacuum cleaners. And the TAM is actually short because the quick 
turnaround time comes by the way of starting with an SKD and then gradually moving towards 
higher domestic value addition. So it's a step-by-step approach. 
 But yes, it definitely brings new products and then puts us into the market wherein we can start 
using our capabilities for R&D and product development and then look at creati ng our own 
ODM range of products. So, we definitely see this as an opportunity  wherein our core 
competence of R&D and product development will help us leverage further and create more 
SKUs and look at more customers.  
So, this definitely is a good starting point for us, wherein we are looking at a larger range of the 
small domestic appliances, especially the heating and electrical products, motorized products. 
===== PAGE 12 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Bhoomika Nair: Perfect, sir. Sir, just lastly, one bookkeeping question on the debt position, gross and net, if I can 
just get, cash on books? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes, Rajesh ji. 
Rajesh Mittal: Bhoomika, this you know that the balance sheet number has not been disclosed in the quarter 1 
number. But as compared to March ending, there is some increase in the net debt number as on 
June. 
Bhoomika Nair: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siddhant Kanodia from Tusk Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddhant Kanodia: Sir, I have a couple of questions. So my first question is regarding the washing machine, sir. Sir, 
what kind of revenue are we targeting for the full year? And what will be the realization per unit 
for washing machine? 
 Sir, my second question is regarding Hisense. Sir, the Hisense capacity in the Phase 1, what will 
be that units, like how many units are we targeting in the Phase 1? And in the Sri City, I can see 
that the capex is split between the old plant and the new plant for Hisense. So both the plants are 
in the same facility? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So, Siddhant, first of all, about the Hisense capacity. So for Hisense, we are putting up a capacity 
of almost 0.5 million air conditions in Phase 1 for assembling of air conditions and making heat 
exchangers. 
 Yes, there is -- the investment is partly don e in the Hisense company as well as there is some 
investments being done in the mother company, EPACK Durable because the mother company 
would be supplying all the other components like the copper tubings, controllers, plastic parts, 
steels, fans, etcetera. 
 So all components, except heat exchangers will be manufactured and supplied by the parent 
company, EPACK Durable and assembling and heat exchangers will be done at the new facility 
with the 0.5 million capacity, and we are looking to a utilization of almost -- I mean, increasing 
the utilization over the next 3 to 4 years and reaching an optimal capacity utilization within the 
next 3 years. So that's the kind of outlook we have on the Hisense capacity.  
In terms of washing machine, we have started with a top load fully-automatic washing machine. 
The first project of 8 to 9 kg is now -- already the trial runs have been done for 4 key clients.  
And in the current month, yes, the mass supplies have also been started. So that's how the 
washing machine is gettin g ramped up. And we are looking to further add newer models and 
higher capacities both for the top load or fully automatic as well as the twin tub semi- automatic.  
So, by end of this year, we are looking at setting up a capacity of almost 90 to 100 SKU pe r 
month, so that's on the capacity side. So for the next calendar year, we can foresee a capacity of 
-- an available capacity of almost 1 million washing machines. 
===== PAGE 13 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Siddhant Kanodia: And sir, what sort of revenue are we targeting from washing machine this y ear? And what will 
be our realization per unit? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So I mean, the company --  we don't look at a segmental margin and realization as such. But 
overall, like I shared, we are still looking to maintain a healthy margin of close to 8%, on a 
longer -- on making long-term business. 
Siddhant Kanodia: And this -- and the revenue guidance of 30% year-on-year? 
Ajay DD Singhania: The revenue growth, yes, it will definitely come from all these diversifications what we are doing 
in terms of the growth in washing machines and coolers as well as the small domestic appliances. 
Siddhant Kanodia: Right, sir. And sir, you mentioned like we had a very good growth in the component side, like 
556%. So how much -- what will be the split between the RAC and non-RAC part in the 
components? 
Ajay DD Singhania: That kind of number is currently not available with me. We'll pass this question and probably 
reply to you over an e-mail, if you can please send. 
Siddhant Kanodia: Thank you so much, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sujal from ASP Finserv. Please go ahead. 
Sujal: So, sir, first of all, congratulations on the set of numbers. And my question is regarding like for 
Hisense, when do you plan to start your washing machine manufacturing? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So like I shared in the earlier question just now, for Hisense, the washing machine trial 
production is already being done. And this month onwards, the mass production is scheduled to 
start. So end of -- actually, last week is when the first set of mass production would start for 
Hisense and then continue. 
Sujal: So basically, the AC part and the washing machine part will be in the one plant only, and they 
will be -- both will be starting the production and with one thing will start together only? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So AC production, there are 2 kinds of ACs, what EPACK is supplying to Hisense. One is we 
call the ODM product, which is our own design product. That has already started since March 
of '25. So that's something, which has already started. The new  facility would manufacture the 
Hisense design product, which is scheduled to start from the --  towards the end of Q3, around 
end of November, December is when it is scheduled to start.  
Washing machine is again being supplied from the same facility, the EPACK's own facility as 
an ODM product, which I just shared is scheduled to start from last week of this month. 
Sujal: My second question is, sir, where do you see like recovering of this RAC or AC segment because 
of this unseasoned rainfall? As the demand has gone down, where do you see the recovery, in 
which quarter you can be able to meet the same amount of like growth? 
===== PAGE 14 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: So see, because currently, yes, the season for --  the 2025 season for AC is now almost over, so 
we have started working on the RFQs from the brand for the next season of calendar year '26. 
And the production for the next calendar year generally typically starts from the end of 
September, October.  
So that's largely, let's say, Q3 and Q4 are the 2 quarters wherein we see demand ramping up and 
production ramping up and ramping up faster because of most of the inventories getting cleared 
off for the old rated products, during the festivities season and Diwali sales, we believe that the 
demand -- the brands should start putting up inventory for the new rated product from October 
onwards. 
Sujal: So you are saying the inventory which has been put for now because of lower demand, it can be 
go in Diwali. And further in quarter 3 and quarter 4, the new inventory will be in the production 
and will be sold in quarter 3, quarter 4? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Absolutely, yes. 
Sujal: Perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ayush Kothari from Kothari Investments 
& Infrastructure. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Kothari: Actually, I wanted to ask a few questions, but they are already answered.  
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Neerav Rajiv from Birla Sun Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Neerav Rajiv: Just on the RAC front, the industry has degrown by around 25%, and we have degrown by 
around 35%. So is there any market share loss? I mean, your peers are yet to report numbers, 
but I believe they'll be reporting kind of better numbers. That is what the estimates are. So I just 
want to understand how does it work? Is there any lag effect? Or like how are we placed on this 
front? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So Nirav, as an ODM OEM manufacturer, there is definitely a lag of numbers between 
what gets manufactured and what gets sold in the inventory. So, with like June being the fag end 
of the season, obviously, the brands did not want to pursue any further production and focus 
more on liquidating whatever was there in the trade.  
So probably even if the secondary sales recovery was there, fresh production was being curtailed 
to maintain inventory levels within acceptable limits. So probably there could be some lag. But 
largely, yes, the industry has degrown to the extent of around 30%, and this is what is reflected 
in our numbers as well. 
Neerav Rajiv: Sure, sure. And on the component side, we have been able to scale up pretty well like INR100-
odd crores of revenue. So, in our revenue guidance for the year, around INR2,800 crores to 
INR3,000 crores, what would be the kind of mix of components we can expect? Just a broad 
number, just to get a sense? 
===== PAGE 15 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: So for current financial year FY '25, '26, based on present trends and ongoing ramp-up of AC, 
we foresee AC contributing close to 60%, 65% kind of revenue. Small domestic appliances 
contributing 10% to 15% kind of revenue and components, a healthy 20%, 25% kind of revenue. 
With large domestic appliances scaling up would be a max of 10% and then going forward, 
definitely large domestic appliances even would play a big role. 
Neerav Rajiv: Sure. And margins, can we see an improvement because the component mix will see an increase. 
So... 
Ajay DD Singhania: So margin improvement will definitely set in FY '27 onwards. So currently, with suboptimal 
utilization of capacities at Sri City, we believe that Q4 onwards, the capacity utilization would 
definitely be much better, and that would help us to further improve the overall margins from 
FY '27 onwards. 
Neerav Rajiv: Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI.  Please go 
ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Some bookkeeping questions. What was the PLI that we would have booked in Q1 FY '26 versus 
Q1 FY '25? Question one. In terms of the revenue guidance that you have shared in the PPT on 
Slide 10, AC growth, I guess, we are building in somewhere around 15% to 20%. The number 
is not very clear, but is that understanding correct? 
Rajesh Mittal: Aniruddha, this PLI number on quarter-on-qu arter on a year -on-year basis is around INR14 
crores to INR15 crores. It is almost same number on a year-on-year basis. Maybe -- almost same 
number, INR14 crores to INR15 crores. 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So this is for Q1. Overall, if we see last year, the total PLI, which has been accrued is 
INR36 crores, whereas for the current financial year FY '25, '26, we are eligible for a PLI of 
INR56.25 crores. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay. That's super, sir. And the revenue growth that we are building in from RAC in this y ear 
FY '26? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So like I just shared in the earlier question, we are looking at the overall revenue mix to change 
despite growing the RAC numbers or rather outgrowing the market for RAC. The overall 
revenue mix we are looking at is almost like 65% for AC and then non-AC being close to 35% 
with components being like close to 20-odd percent.  
So that's the overall kind of mix we are looking for the entire year. So we have not shared any 
segmental revenue guidance. But yes, overall, we are look ing to grow the numbers we are just 
talking about. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay. Sure, sir. And like third, on EBITDA margin and capex  guidance for FY '26 and capex 
for FY '27, total capex means including the capex at the subsidiary levels also? 
===== PAGE 16 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So, like we shared in the annual call, our outlook for the current year or next 12 to 18 
months is overall capex of INR450 crores, plus/minus INR50 crores. So that's the overall capex 
we are looking at INR450 crores to INR500 crores for next 12 months with INR50 crores already 
incurred in Q1. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay. And EBITDA margin, any guidance you would like to share for FY '26? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So FY '26 EBITDA, we are looking to maintain around 7.5% plus in FY '26. And in medium 
term, definitely 8% kind of number is achievable. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Okay, sure, sir. This is very, very helpful. Many, many thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aakash Jha  from AJ Wealth.  Please go 
ahead. 
Aakash Jha: So, what's the current status of that customs issue, sir? I mean, is there any clarity on whether 
the industry will have to bear a retrospective penalty? And could it also impact the industry 
supply side? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So the customs issue is linked to imports of copper tube, which the industry does from the 
ASEAN country and a show -cause notice has been sent to, as per some news articles, to more 
than 2,000 importers. So that's an industry -wide issue, whic h is jointly taken up by all the 
industry associations, both with the Ministry and the Government.  
It is today unresolved. So the industry continues to give bank guarantees on the copper it imports 
from the ASEAN country. But the overall view is that definitely, as the domestic capacities are  
getting built up, going forward, definitely, copper tubings will get diverted to local sourcing, but 
this issue largely remains unresolved as we're talking to you. 
Aakash Jha: Okay. And second, sir, we recently la unched this air fryer. So has its production started? And 
also, I mean, could you share the expected volume or order projection for this product for this 
year? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So air fryer is one product we started in beginning of Q1 for this year or towards the end of Q4 
is when we started trial production and now it's ramped up and we are already supplying to 5, 6 
key customers, and the volumes are definitely increasing rapidly. And the kind of capacities we 
have set up for this product is almost 1 million air fryers is the capacity we have set up in Phase 
1.  
And we are looking at developing our own ODM products, our own ODM models are getting 
developed, and we will see furthe r continued growth in this category by acquisition of newer 
clients and expanding product range. 
Aakash Jha: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount Infra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 17 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Pratap Maliwal: So, I had a few questions regarding the recent management activity that was given. On the copper 
import issue, I think you've clarified already. Just on the inventory level, at the time you said 
that in the beginning of June, the inventory level is about 5 million units. So can you give me an 
estimate of what is the number of units in inventory right now? 
Rajesh Mittal: Your voice is not clear. Can you repeat the question? It's not loud. 
Pratap Maliwal: I'm just asking regarding inventory levels in the industry, you had said in the beginning of June, 
it was about 5 million units, which is about 33% of the overall market. So what is the estimate 
for now -- right now? What is the inventory levels like? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So Pratap, I don't have the numbers. S o, I don't recall having sharing a 5 million kind of a 
number. But yes, channel inventories were high. The exact inventory levels are very difficult to 
estimate. But based on discussions across customers and brands, we understood that because of 
a subdued April and May inventory was higher than the normalized level. 
 So any direct number, both what is the normalized number and what is the high is really difficult 
to estimate. But again, what we are saying is that currently, it is normalized or within acceptable 
limits, and this is why we see brands or the market talking about the newer RFQs and things 
getting normalized. So this is more of indicative. Exact number can't be put in place for an 
industry-wide number. 
Pratap Maliwal: Okay. Understood. And just regarding the Hisense partnership that we have, so this is the one 
we expect this to scale up to about $1 billion of revenues in maybe going forward 5 years. Is that 
correct? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So the $1 billion revenue is a cumulative revenue over the  next 4 to 5 years. So that's a 
cumulative number of 5 years. 
Pratap Maliwal: Okay. So is there any projection on how much revenues we intend -- we plan to do this year on 
FY '27 from Hisense? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So the revenue --  I mean, the numbers would scale up the current calendar year or it can be -- 
largely, it would be the calendar year '26, wherein we will see ramping up of capacities and 
utilization. So it's 5 years thereon. A year-on- year number is really difficult to estimate at this 
point of time. 
 So currently, a lot of models are getting developed and approved for the export market, 
especially the Middle East and African countries. So,  we believe we are extremely positive on 
the overall outlook of achieving the same number, but the year-on-year number would definitely 
depend on as we see the export growth and the models getting approved. 
Pratap Maliwal: Okay. Sure, sir. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Samyak Jain from Marcellus Invest ment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 18 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Samyak Jain: So, sir, I see that on a consol level, our revenues have declined on a year-on-year basis, but there 
is some 150 bps of margin expansion. So,  what is driving this margin expansion on a Y -o-Y 
basis? Is it product mix or some other reason? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So on a consol basis, yes, Samyak, the margin improvement is largely driven by the product 
mix. 
Samyak Jain: Okay. And sir, secondly, when we say that we will grow in line or outgrow the industry in the 
RAC segment, so are we going to add any new customers in RAC? Or it's largely the increased 
demand from the existing set of customers? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So it's a mix of all the factors. Definitely, gaining the wallet share from the current customers as 
well as new customer acquisition has been the strategy, and we continue to work on the strategy, 
coupled with the kind of pricing discipline and taking advantage or leveraging our capacities 
and our strength of backward integration. So, all these strategies will definitely help us acquire 
greater wallet share as well as new customers. 
Samyak Jain: Got it, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital.  
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Gupta: I hope I Sir, just a question on the RAC front. So because we have seen a subdued demand 
coming out in Q1, so do you see that in the long term, there will be some changes in the 
procurement strategy by the OEMs? Like will they shift more towards the contr act 
manufacturing side rather than focusing on in-house development of the consumer durables? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So Bharat, a decision for in-sourcing and outsourcing, I think, this is a debate which has been 
going on for ages. But overall, if we see -- so there is -- this is a largely accepted norm wherein 
brands don't intend to manufacture 100% products in-house. And depending on their overall 
market share, there is definitely a thrust or a push to derisk in-house manufacturing by 
outsourcing. 
 And over the last couple of years, if we see outsourcing is something, which has been gradually 
increasing from an earlier 20% kind of overall market being outsourced to 25%, 30%. And 
currently, it is anywhere between 30%, 35%. So gradually, yes, outsourcing or depe ndence on 
OEM ODM has been increasing, and this is an industry, which continues to outsource and derisk 
the capacities. 
Bharat Gupta: Right, sir. And we see a good favorable amount of RFQs being floated in the market for Q2, like 
we are currently in June -- July, so... 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nilesh Patil from ShareIndia Securities.  
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 19 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Nilesh Patil: Just wanted to check upon the LDA segment. So we have reported about 29% year-on- year 
growth, and I presume that is likely to be due to the low base and expansion into washing 
machines. So just wanted to check the growth into other segments like air cooler and how has 
been the other segments doing? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So Nilesh, like I shared earlier, the SDA segment grew almost 15% on a year-on-year basis, and 
the growth has been largely like the new product addition. And obviously, Q1 being a low season 
for the small domestic appliances, still there was a growth. Component grew at 556%. And LDA, 
yes, cooler has been one driving force behind it. 
 And as our washing machine models are now approved and we are ramping up production from 
the current month onwards, we will see LDA even growing phenomenally from Q2 -- end of Q2 
to Q3 onwards. So, delivering the kind of numbers we are talking about, yes, will be driven by 
all the 3 diversifications: components, small domestic and large domestic appliances. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deepali Bansal from Ventura Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepali Bansal: Thank you for taking my questions again, sir.  Actually, for the last 2, 3 quarters, we had been 
facing a lot of problem with the Sri City plant that we were not running at optimum capacity 
utilization levels. What is the position right now? Can you point some light on that? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So Deepali, Sri City facility, I mean, we believe was slightly ahead of time. And so there 
were some challenges in -- for utilization of the capacities.  But as the component business is 
now scaling up, a good bit of utilization has started happening. And Q3 onwards, we definitely 
see even ACs being manufactured in the South facility. So utilization is bound to improve, and 
we see that positive momentum already gaining up. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hemang Kapasi from Sanctum Wealth.  
Please go ahead. 
Hemang Kapasi: Sir, just wanted to check, most of the bigger players are now going for in-house component 
manufacturing. So what sort of confidence do we get in terms of scaling up the components, 
especially in the RAC industry basically? So that was the first question. I have 1 or 2 more, if 
you can answer this first. 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So, Hemang components of RACs, yes, right, some of brands have put up capacities for 
manufacturing some of the components in-house, but the kind of backward integration, which 
we at EPACK, claim to have is that we manufacture almost all the components, be it plastic 
parts, fans, controllers, motors, heat exchangers, copper tubing.  
So, this is one unique combination we have created. So that gives us an opportunity to supply 
almost any component to a brand customer.  And whatever is --  so a different customer would 
need a different set of components, and we are leveraging our bandwidth with the kind of mix 
we can offer.  
===== PAGE 20 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
So certain customers, we offer controllers, certain others, like one product, cross-flow fan is one 
which we are offering to almost all the bran d customers in the market today, similarly 
cooperative banks. So, there are diversified customers, each with a unique set of demand,  and 
this is one strength we have created at customizing the customers' demand and meeting those 
RFQs. 
Hemang Kapasi: Sir, if I may ask how many RAC customers do you cater in India? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Out of the top 10, we cater to almost 8 of them. 
Hemang Kapasi: Okay. And coming to Energy Meters, will this be supplied to private players or it will be a 
government sort of bidding or something like that? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So this is again to a brand customers. We are supplying components of energy meters. So this is 
again to a brand customers. 
Hemang Kapasi: And by when this will be started? 
Ajay DD Singhania: This is something, which has already started. 
Hemang Kapasi: It has already started? 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. 
Hemang Kapasi: And what sort of scalability do we see in this product? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So we've currently started supplies from our Bhiwadi facility, an d we are in discussion with a 
couple of more customers and looking at leveraging our capacities at both the plants in North, 
both Dehradun and Bhiwadi and also start supplies of other components. So we definitely see a 
good growth potential in this sector with a more uniform kind of a revenue stream month-on-
month basis. 
Hemang Kapasi: So this thing is coming out of a JV, this product is coming out of a JV? 
Ajay DD Singhania: So this component is going from EPACK Durable Bhiwadi facility and -- yes. 
Rajesh Mittal: So, component business will be in our main company, EPACK Durable itself. 
Hemang Kapasi: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference ove r to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors 
Limited for closing comments. 
Bhoomika Nair: Yes, I would like to thank the management and all the participants, particularly the management 
for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Thank you very much, sir, and wish you all the very 
best. Any closing comments on your side? 
===== PAGE 21 of 21 =====
  EPACK Durable Limited 
  July 21, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Ajay DD Singhania: Yes. So first of all, thank you, Bhoomika and DAM Capital for doing the con call today. And 
thank you all the participants who participated, and we hope that we ha ve been able to answer 
your queries. In case, there are any further queries, we will clarify them on an e -mail or 
something. So I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 